
Bingo Horoscopes Casino Opinion BuySell Flights Dating Find a Business Jobs Advertise Login Register My account Logout Facebook Twitter GooglePlus Newsletters Our new FREE Daily Record apps are here! Search 1000s of jobs at scotcareers Most read News Sections Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Top News Breaking Bad sadist Stefano Brizzi guilty of murdering Scots cop Gordon Semple before dissolving his body in acid Most Read in News Watch hilarious spoof of John Lewis Christmas advert featuring Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama Mum found dead in suspected suicide two weeks after son aged 8 died in house fire Thug who boasted about smuggling taser into Glasgow Airport from holiday jailed for five years Scottish dad of four snared by Dark Justice paedophile hunters pleads guilty to grooming a child Erotic capital of UK revealed - find out how raunchy YOUR area is and where it's ranked in the country 'I'm an ex-DWP officer and I used to be offered bonuses for declaring disabled clients fit for work' Trending Today Donald Trump Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Suzie McGuire Popular this week Courts Independence referendum Dangerous dogs Weather Politics Football Sections Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier League European Football Women's Football Football Fixtures Football Results Top News Daniel Sturridge set to quit Liverpool and spark £28million signing battle Most Read in Football Rangers AGM 2016: All you need to know from Joey Barton to Mike Ashley and share issues Celtic star Moussa Dembele's hot streak continues with stunning double against England U21s Why Steven Gerrard could sign for Celtic ... and why he won’t Celtic AGM 2016: What's on the agenda for this year's shareholders' meeting? Rangers and Celtic should buy over small clubs to allow youth players to flourish reckons Alex Smith Daniel Sturridge set to quit Liverpool and spark £28million signing battle Trending Today Gordon Strachan Joey Barton Brendan Rodgers Dave King Mike Ashley Popular this week Celtic FC Rangers FC Scotland football team Sport Sections Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing Darts Top Sport Daniel Sturridge set to quit Liverpool and spark £28million signing battle Most Read in Sport Rangers AGM 2016: All you need to know from Joey Barton to Mike Ashley and share issues Celtic star Moussa Dembele's hot streak continues with stunning double against England U21s Why Steven Gerrard could sign for Celtic ... and why he won’t Celtic AGM 2016: What's on the agenda for this year's shareholders' meeting? Trending Today Gordon Strachan Joey Barton Brendan Rodgers Dave King Mike Ashley Popular this week Dave King Celtic FC Scottish Premiership Rangers FC Andy Murray TV & Celebs Sections Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Top TV & Celebs Celtic WAG Helen Flanagan shows off her curves in barely-there bikini on romantic holiday with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Most Read in TV & Celebs Celtic WAG Helen Flanagan shows off her curves in barely-there bikini on romantic holiday with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry 'axed from Geordie Shore after kicking new housemate repeatedly in the head' New IRN-BRU TV advert will have viewers in stitches this Christmas.. check it out here X Factor rapper Honey G causes more controversy after 'disgraceful' tweet during Remembrance Sunday's two minute silence Trending Today Helen Flanagan Honey G Lady Gaga Larry Lamb Scarlett Moffatt Popular this week Big Brother T In The Park Calvin Harris The Hydro Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Airdrie Ayr Coatbridge Cumbernauld Dumfries & Galloway Dundee East Kilbride Edinburgh Glasgow Hamilton Inverness Irvine Kilmarnock Paisley Perthshire Renfrew Rutherglen Stirling West Dunbartonshire West Lothian Wishaw Alloa Ardrossan Argyll & Bute Bearsden & Milngavie Bishopbriggs Borders Cambuslang Clydebank Cumnock Dunfermline Elgin Falkirk Fort William Girvan Glenrothes Grangemouth Greenock Kirkcaldy Kirkintilloch Largs Motherwell Musselburgh Penicuik Oban Orkney Renfrewshire Saltcoats Shetland St Andrews Western Isles Wigtown Trending X Factor 2016 Donald Trump Celtic FC Rangers FC Property Business Motoring Travel Your Account Edit Profile Logout University of Edinburgh agree licence deal with Merck 14:44, 24 Oct 2016 By Scott McCulloch Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the commercialisation arm of The University of Edinburgh, said the pioneering fluorescent probe technology is a powerful addition to the ‘toolbox’ to investigate disease action   Share Get business news by email The University of Edinburgh has signed a licence deal with global giant Merck to provide its pioneering fluorescent probe technology for monitoring disease progression. Edinburgh Research & Innovation, the commercialisation arm of The University of Edinburgh, said the licence deal will allow Merck to prepare fluorescent peptides as tools to understand how disease progresses in early stages. ERI licensing executive, Dr Angus Stewart-Liddon, said: “This is an exciting breakthrough as it provides a powerful addition to our ‘toolbox’ to investigate disease action. “Working with the life science business of Merck means the technology will be made readily accessible to researchers worldwide, both in industry and in academia. “It is another great example of the University working in collaboration with trusted industry partners to make valuable research tools accessible.” A research team from The University of Edinburgh’s School of Clinical Sciences in collaboration with academic partners at the University of Barcelona and The University of Manchester co-invented the fluorescent probe technology. It allows researchers to use natural peptide mimics as disease reporters by applying a fluorescent compound that makes their identification easier under the microscope. Dr Marc Vendrell, who led the team who developed the technology, explains: “Peptides are essential natural products, but they are not fluorescent and therefore invisible under the microscope. “If we want to know how peptides behave, we need to attach them to fluorescent tags to ‘see’ them. “Crucially, it is very important that when we attach these tags to make peptides fluorescent, they behave exactly in the same way as they would in their natural state. “This is exactly what we have achieved with our technology.” The initial stages of development were funded by the EU Commission via a Marie Curie Career integration grant. In the proof of concept stage, Dr Vendrell and colleagues used peptides binding to fungal cells to visualise fungal pathogens. “Their research proved that the fluorescent peptides behaved exactly in the same way as the natural peptides”, he said. “This is a major-breakthrough in peptide chemistry and in the biomedical sciences since it paves the way for a better understanding of disease onset and behaviour. Dr Vendrell added: “One of the main advantages of our technology is that it can be broadly applied to almost all peptides, having a global impact in biomedicine. “This means that our technology will improve our understanding of disease at many different levels, from cancer to the regeneration of tissues or the progression of inflammatory diseases.” Udit Batra, Merck's chief executive of Life Science, said: “At Merck, we are always looking for innovative ideas to enhance our customers’ research efforts. “This compound from the University of Edinburgh offers researchers a way to fluorescently label peptides that has minimal interference with peptide structure. “This will enable biological discovery and complement our portfolio of chemical biology tools.” TheScottishDailyRecord Recently Published Insider international: US Ambassador, Matthew Barzun Inspiring United States Ambassador makes his mark in Scotland Insider regional review: Perth & Kinross Scottish Government outline enterprise support reforms Previous Articles Theresa May's Brexit warm words have turned quickly into the cold shoulder for Scotland THE unelected Prime Minister made a visit to Scotland her priority in July but Joan McAlpine reckons the remain-voting Scots have been pushed to one side. Insider regional report: Highlands & Islands Related Tags Organisations European Union Universities and Colleges See Also Education Edinburgh Recommended in Science & Technology Perthshire Scotland's oldest winery celebrates 30 years in business Financial Services Standard Life's India deal hits regulatory hurdle Economy Report: Private sector growth slows as cost inflation soars House building Construction training fund aims to boost technical and professional skills Energy Wood Group appoint Jan Dell as global VP of clean energy House building Taylor Wimpey confident on medium-term targets despite rising costs Gambling William Hill expects FY profits at top-end of guidance Most Read in Business Edinburgh Business Johnston Press in talks to offload 'certain titles' Financial Services Standard Life's India deal hits regulatory hurdle Perthshire Scotland's oldest winery celebrates 30 years in business Law and Accountancy Chiene + Tait launch new Inverness office Stirling Coal supplier Fergusson Group sold in pre-pack deal Recommended on the Record Andy Murray Andy Murray beats Marin Cilic to win his first match as world number one Dumbarton Dumbarton building used in Still Game "care home" plot Weather 2016 set to be hottest year on record as scientists blame global warming for soaring temperatures Photography Scots stargazers get lucky break in clouds for rare chance to see the supermoon Moussa Dembele Celtic star Moussa Dembele's hot streak continues with stunning double against England U21s Manchester United FC Manchester United want €60million Portugal striker Andre Silva Stem cells Firefighters plan to sign up hundreds of donors to help save the life brave toddler Ava Stark Scottish Daily Record View: Desktop Mobile About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Advertising Jobs Competition Rules Cookie Policy How to Complain Archive Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paid subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paid subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions News Scottish News UK & World Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & Technology Sport Football Boxing Golf Horse Racing Rugby Motor sports Tennis Other sports CELEBS Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity Interviews Video Games Opinion News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Life & Style Horoscopes Fashion & Beauty Health & Fitness Food & Drink Family & Relationships Travel Money Motoring Competitions Property © Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd
null
Home About Cocorioko COCORIOKO FORUM ACTION NEWS COMMENTARY EDITORIAL Obituary Opinion Politscope SPORTS TOP STORY Breaking News November 14, 2016 | Freetown calm , as planned demonstration widely publicized on Social media turns out to be a ruse November 14, 2016 | Police warns against illegal demonstration November 13, 2016 | *Hon. Dr. Sylvia Blyden Showcases President Koroma’s Credentials on Girl Child to the World* November 13, 2016 | MY RECOMMENDATION TO SIERRA LEONE PRESIDENT, H. E, DR. ERNEST BAI KOROMA AND HIS GOVERNMENT November 13, 2016 | At Instanbul, Minister Sylvia Blyden addresses 6th Ministerial Conference on Women’s Role in the development of OIC member states Search for: Home Uncategorized Merck Pharmaceutical Company lauds Sierra Leone for best practice and standards in pharmaceutical control Posted By: Publisher and Chief Executive Officer KABS KANU October 24, 2016 By Kadrie Koroma A top Quality Research driven Scientific based International Company, Merck Pharmaceutical Group of Company has lauded Sierra Leone for its efficient quality control administration in the Pharmaceutical Sector.   Group photo of visiting team and senior officials of the Ministry including the Minister and his deputies Speaking during a courtesy call on the Minister of Health and Sanitation, Dr. Abu Bakarr Fofanah at his Youyi Building office in Freetown, the Chairman Executive Board and Family Board, Merck Pharmaceutical Group of Company, Prof. Dr. Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp said their mission aims at introducing their products and to assist governments around the world with quality and standard products.   Chairman Executive Board and Family Board, Merck Pharmaceutical Group of Company, Prof. Dr. Frank Stangenberg-Haverkamp He reiterated their desire to make available their products, as well as helping governments to increase the level of health care services through a social security responsible programme, particularly for the African region. As a top quality research driven scientific based company with 20 years of traveling experience, Prof. Dr. Stangenberg-Haverkamp told the Minister and senior officials of the Ministry that they are impressed with Sierra Leone’s administrative structures in rebuilding a resilient system, disclosing that they also operates in 12 African countries with the francophone headquarter in Abidjan. Making his contribution, Merck’s President, North and West Africa Group, Dr. Karim Bendhaou reiterated the need for public private partnership with a view to supporting countries with standard pharmaceutical drugs. Merck’s President, North and West Africa Group, Dr. Karim Bendhaou He said they are committed to the elimination of schistosomiasis, and that they executes humanitarian programmes with USAID, WHO, NGOs and several others to ensure that their products are properly distributed. Responding, Health and Sanitation Minister, Dr. Abu Bakarr Fofanah described the visit as timely noting that the country has just experienced one of the biggest outbreak of Viral Hemorrhagic Fever in the world which has had an adverse effect on the economic and social lives of the people. Health and Sanitation Minister, Dr. Abu Bakarr Fofanah He informed the team that His Excellency the President, Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma coming from a private sector background holds the private sector to a very high esteem, and still beliefs that the private sector is key to economic development, adding that President Koroma is very interested in the private sector collaboration and that the Ministry sees the visit as an opportunity. Dr. Fofanah described the Health Ministry as a viable institution that believes in productive partnership disclosing their challenges in storage, distribution and quality control of drugs. He commended the team for choosing Sierra Leone to showcase their products and looks forward to a fruitful collaboration. SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Editorial November 13, 2016 TRUMP-etting reality : God uses the despised things of the world to confound ‘the wise’ : Has he just done that in America ? Time will tell   BY KABS KANU : “But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak… Read More November 9, 2016 LAST NIGHT’S LESSON : TRUST NOTHING November 7, 2016 AS AMERICA STANDS STILL, RECALLING THE MOST DRAMATIC ELECTIONS EVER IN SIERRA LEONE IN 1967 November 7, 2016 Saluting Sierra Leone’s doctors who succumbed to the Ebola attack November 4, 2016 As he turns sod for 3 modern hospitals : “This President ! Only God will bless him for us “ October 26, 2016 ECOWAS Court cannot reverse a Supreme Court verdict or enforce an undomesticated treaty on a member state Talking Point November 8, 2016 A SIERRA LEONE VICTORY AT THE UN: Sierra Leonean Legal Luminary elected to the International Law Commission (ILC) By KABS KANU: Sierra Leone was handed a significant victory at the United Nations on Friday November 3rd, 2016 when one of her citizens, Legal… Read More November 3, 2016 Ambassador Adikalie Foday Sumah : Economic slowdown not due to mismanagement and so ” We are not giving any excuses “ October 31, 2016 The Playhouse Foundation presents ‘Excellence Awards’ to 75 Top Scorers in the 2016 NPSE October 31, 2016 FAO Report does not represent present state of food security in Sierra Leone October 27, 2016 Sa. Leone’s new UN Permanent Representative makes a flying start in global multilateral and bilateral diplomacy October 26, 2016 At AU Peace and Security Council Open Session… Ambassador Kamara unveils role played by President Koroma in empowering women in Sierra Leone Recent Articles Freetown calm , as planned demonstration widely publicized on Social media turns out to be a ruse Police warns against illegal demonstration *Hon. Dr. Sylvia Blyden Showcases President Koroma’s Credentials on Girl Child to the World* MY RECOMMENDATION TO SIERRA LEONE PRESIDENT, H. E, DR. ERNEST BAI KOROMA AND HIS GOVERNMENT Categories ACTION NEWS COMMENTARY EDITORIAL Obituary Opinion Top Stories Freetown calm , as planned demonstration widely publicized on Social media turns out to be a ruse Police warns against illegal demonstration *Hon. Dr. Sylvia Blyden Showcases President Koroma’s Credentials on Girl Child to the World* COCORIOKO is produced in Somerset, Franklin Township , New Jersey , USA and Brookfields , Freetown, Sierra Leone. The sole owner, financier , Publisher and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) is the Rev. Leeroy Wilfred Kabs-Kanu. All matters pertaining to the paper should be directed to the CEO, Rev. Kabs-Kanu at kabbskanu@aol.com.. No article or any part of this website should be reproduced without the expressed permission of the Publisher. Copyright 2016 | cocorioko by Dot O it Web Builders
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists After delay, Merck gets US approval for serious infection drug Zinplava anticipated to accrue $300m in sales by 2020 The US FDA approved Merck & Co's Zinplava as an add-on treatment for Clostridium difficile infections after a three-month delay. The positive verdict comes after the FDA asked for additional information to enable their review of Zinplava (bezlotoxumab; MK 6072), delaying its approval by three months. In June, an FDA advisory committee voted by 10 to 5 with one abstention that Zinplava (bezlotoxumab) is effective for preventing the recurrence of C. difficile infections. Merck (known as MSD outside North America) said it intends to launch Zinplava in early 2017, and Credit Suisse has suggested the drug could approach $300m in sales by 2020. A marketing authorisation application for bezlotoxumab has been filed with the EMA and is also under review. Bezlotoxumab has been approved to reduce recurrence of C. difficile in adults who are already receiving antibacterial drug treatment for the infection and are at high risk for CDI recurrence. Merck stresses that Zinplava should not be used alone as it is not an antibacterial drug. The antibody antitoxin neutralises toxin B produced by C. difficile. C. difficile infections are often linked to antimicrobials taken for other infections, and while unpleasant are generally not life-threatening and can usually be treated effectively with another course of antibiotics. In some cases, damage to the bowel or severe dehydration can result, and the infection can be more serious in patents with compromised immune systems. Bezlotoxumab was originally developed by Medarex, which was acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2009. Merck licensed rights to the antibody earlier that year for $60m upfront and $165m in milestone payments. According to market research firm GlobalData, the therapeutics and prophylactics market for C. difficile infections in the US, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the UK and Japan will grow more than fourfold from $356m in 2014 to more than $1.5bn by 2024. GlobalData says Merck will lead the market thanks to Dificid/Dificlir (fidaxomicin), which it predicts will be the biggest-selling antibiotic for these infections, while Zinplava could see competition in the adjunctive therapy category from the likes of Seres Therapeutics' SER-109 and Rebiotix' RBX2660. Prophylactic vaccines, such as Pfizer's PF-06425090 and Sanofi Pasteur's ACAM-CDIFF (in phase III), are also expected to contribute to the increase in the market over the forecast period. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 24th October 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Random42 Scientific Communication Random42 is the world's premier medical animation company. Over the past 20 years we have created over 350 mechanism-of-action (MoA)... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Keytruda, Opdivo narrow Tecentriq's lead in bladder cancer BMS’ drug is currently under FDA and EMA review in advanced urothelial carcinoma Merck & Co has halted a phase III trial of Keytruda in bladder cancer early after seeing a clear survival benefit, while the FDA has started its review of Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo in that indication. The two developments mean that Roche's privileged position as the only PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitor approved for bladder cancer could be short-lived, and comes soon after Roche's drug encroached on its rivals' territory with a US approval in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Merck reported the results of the KeyNote-045 trial in urothelial carcinoma - the most common form of bladder cancer - just ahead of the weekend, saying that Keytruda (pembrolizumab) was more effective than chemotherapy at extending patients' lives when given as a second-line therapy. The trial compared Keytruda to the investigator's choice of chemotherapy agents - paclitaxel, docetaxel or vinflunine - and showed that Merck's drug improved both progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival. Bladder cancer has proved to be remarkably resistant to new drug therapy. The standard of care remains cisplatin and there have been few treatment advances over the last 30 years, so immuno-oncology agents are expected to make swift and dramatic headway both in the second- and first-line treatment settings. Also on Friday, BMS confirmed that the FDA had accepted its marketing application for Opdivo (nivolumab) as a second-line treatment for advanced urothelial carcinoma after platinum-based chemotherapy, setting it on course for approval by the beginning of March 2017. The EMA started its review for the EU market in September. There has been no word yet on filing plans for Keytruda, but Merck's head of R&D Roger Perlmutter said the company is looking forward to "sharing the findings from this study with the medical community and with regulatory authorities around the world". Tecentriq (atezolizumab) has got off to a strong start in the market since it was first approved for bladder cancer in May, making sales of just under $100m in second and third quarters of the year, and is expected to gather momentum after its approval last week in second-line NSCLC. So far, Opdivo has been firmly in the lead among the PD-1/PD-L1 inhibitors, but stumbled as a first-line treatment for NSCLC, giving an opportunity for Merck and Roche to close the gap. Merck is waiting on an FDA decision for Keytruda as a first-line NSCLC therapy in patients whose tumours express PD-L1 by 24 December. Neither BMS nor Merck have reported third-quarter results yet, but in the first six months of the year sales of Opdivo came in at $1.54bn, while Keytruda added $563m to Merck's top-line in the same period. Analysts see Opdivo maintaining its lead in the market despite the setback, with Sanford Bernstein analyst Tim Anderson predicting BMS' drug will have 2021 sales of $8.1bn, ahead of Keytruda with $6.5bn and Tecentriq on just below $5bn. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 24th October 2016 From: Sales, Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content BMS wins early UK access for Opdivo in Hodgkin’s lymphoma A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? BMS appoints oncology development head NICE U-turn on Opdivo for kidney cancer SMC approves Opdivo combo as first-line skin cancer treatment Related Hub content A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? PME Digital Edition Featured jobs SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Senior Medical Copywriter £60, 000 – £70, 000 according to skills and experience Creative Lead – UX, User Experience Design & Engagement, New York Excellent package Learning & Development Manager - Berkshire Competitive Package Salary Account Lead – Rare Diseases - Manchester Competitive Package Salary Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites NICE set to knock-back Amgen's myeloma treatment Kyprolis Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Amgen wins European approval for Parsabiv Lilly bags EU approval for cancer treatment Lartruvo A rock and a hard place greyhealth group appoints digital strategy director PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services FleishmanHillard Fishburn Improving patient outcomes, global health and healthcare systems Our global network of more than 300 healthcare counselors provides seamless collaboration... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
PharmaceuticalInvesting News Your trusted source for investing success Pharmaceutical Member? Login Menu Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Gem Diamond Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis About Resource Investing Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Pharmaceutical Investing Merck Receives FDA Approval for ZINPLAVA™ « No Such Thing as Free Vac… Global Pharmaceutical Ind… » Chelsea Pratt • October 21, 2016 Add Comment Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved ZINPLAVA™ (bezlotoxumab) Injection 25 mg/mL. Merck anticipates making ZINPLAVA available in first quarter 2017. ZINPLAVA is indicated to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection (CDI) in patients 18 years of age or older who are receiving antibacterial drug treatment of CDI and are at high risk for CDI recurrence. ZINPLAVA is not indicated for the treatment of CDI. ZINPLAVA is not an antibacterial drug. ZINPLAVA should only be used in conjunction with antibacterial drug treatment of CDI. CDI is caused by bacteria that produce toxins, including toxin B. Symptoms of CDI include mild-to-severe diarrhea, abdominal pain and fever. The incidence of recurrent CDI is higher in certain patient populations, including people 65 years of age or older and those with compromised immune systems. “For generations, Merck has been steadfast in its commitment to fighting infectious diseases – and that commitment continues today. ZINPLAVA is a human monoclonal antibody that binds to C. difficile toxin B and neutralizes its effects,” said Dr. Nicholas Kartsonis, vice president of clinical development, infectious diseases, Merck Research Laboratories. Selected safety information about ZINPLAVA Heart failure was reported more commonly in the two Phase 3 clinical trials in ZINPLAVA-treated patients compared to placebo-treated patients. These adverse reactions occurred primarily in patients with underlying congestive heart failure (CHF). In patients with a history of CHF, 12.7% (15/118) of ZINPLAVA-treated patients and 4.8% (5/104) of placebo-treated patients had the serious adverse reaction of heart failure during the 12-week study period. Additionally, in patients with a history of CHF, there were more deaths in ZINPLAVA-treated patients [19.5% (23/118)] than in placebo-treated patients [12.5% (13/104)] during the 12-week study period. The causes of death varied, and included cardiac failure, infections, and respiratory failure. In patients with a history of CHF, ZINPLAVA (bezlotoxumab) should be reserved for use when the benefit outweighs the risk. The most common adverse reactions occurring within 4 weeks of infusion with a frequency greater than placebo and reported in ≥4% of patients treated with ZINPLAVA and Standard of Care (SoC) antibacterial drug therapy vs placebo and SoC antibacterial drug therapy included nausea (7% vs 5%), pyrexia (5% vs 3%) and headache (4% vs 3%). Serious adverse reactions occurring within 12 weeks following infusion were reported in 29% of ZINPLAVA-treated patients and 33% of placebo-treated patients. Heart failure was reported as a serious adverse reaction in 2.3% of ZINPLAVA-treated patients and 1.0% of placebo-treated patients. In ZINPLAVA-treated patients, 10% experienced one or more infusion specific adverse reactions compared to 8% of placebo-treated patients, on the day of or the day after, the infusion. Infusion specific adverse reactions reported in ≥0.5% of patients receiving ZINPLAVA and at a frequency greater than placebo were nausea (3%), fatigue (1%), pyrexia (1%), dizziness (1%), headache (2%), dyspnea (1%) and hypertension (1%). Of these patients, 78% experienced mild adverse reactions, and 20% of patients experienced moderate adverse reactions. These reactions resolved within 24 hours following onset. As with all therapeutic proteins, there is a potential for immunogenicity following administration of ZINPLAVA. The detection of antibody formation is highly dependent on the sensitivity and specificity of the assay. Additionally, the observed incidence of antibody (including neutralizing antibody) positivity in an assay may be influenced by several factors including assay methodology, sample handling, timing of sample collection, concomitant medications, and underlying disease. For these reasons, comparison of the incidence of antibodies to bezlotoxumab in two Phase 3 studies with the incidence of antibodies in other studies or to other products may be misleading. Following treatment with ZINPLAVA in these two studies, none of the 710 evaluable patients tested positive for treatment-emergent anti-bezlotoxumab antibodies. About bezlotoxumab Bezlotoxumab was developed by researchers at the University of Massachusetts Medical School’s MassBiologics Laboratory in conjunction with Medarex (now part of Bristol-Myers Squibb), and was licensed to Merck in 2009. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for ZINPLAVA (bezlotoxumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zinplava/zinplava_pi.pdf and Patient Information for ZINPLAVA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/z/zinplava/zinplava_ppi.pdf Get the Latest Pharmaceutical Investing Stock Information Get the latest information about companies associated with Pharmaceutical Investing delivered directly to your inbox. Pharmaceutical DelMar PharmaceuticalsOncBioMune PharmaceuticalsQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select None By selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. According to the World Health Organization, "the pharmaceutical industry is expected to go from $300billion to $400billion within the next 3 years." Click here to download a FREE INN Insider’s Report on the best investment opportunities, trends and strategies for pharmaceutical investing. Return to the Company News Index Article Meta Data « No Such Thing as Free Vac… Global Pharmaceutical Ind… » Related Posts Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: Pharmaceutical News, and Top Pharmaceutical Stocks to Buy Now 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: PTC Therapeutics Gains 88 Percent Big Pharma Wins with the Defeat of Prop 61 Trump Victory Is a Win for Pharma and Biotech Stocks What You Need to Know About Proposition 61 Tags Bristol-Myers Squibb, Canada, clinical trials, drug therapy, FDA, food and drug administration, GE, inc, infectious diseases, medications, merck, pain, partnerships, Patent, pharmaceutical, pharmaceutical industry, pipeline, President, research, SEC, Twitter, united states, vaccines, zinc supply. Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Comment Markets Top Resource Stories David Morgan: Gold and Silver Und... 4,334 views Gold Price Dips Post-Election Res... 1,357 views Gold in an Election Year 1,291 views Donald Trump Wins US Presidency B... 718 views 10 Top Silver Stocks on the TSXV 687 views Copper Soars After Trump Victory 648 views Top Technology Stories Trump Win Affects Tech for The Wo... 360 views Tesla’s New Solar Roof Pane... 346 views Top Cloud Security Companies 215 views Cleantech Investing Facts 168 views Tesla buys Germany’s Grohma... 122 views American Manganese Reports: Phase... 92 views Top Life Science Stories Trump Victory Is a Win for Pharma... 1,155 views 5 Biggest Pharmaceutical Companie... 307 views What You Need to Know About Propo... 264 views Big Pharma Wins with the Defeat o... 220 views Top Genetics News Stories of 2016 155 views 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: PTC ... 97 views Most Popular Stocks Mettrum Health 357 views Advantage Lithium 226 views Kushtown USA 190 views Naturally Splendid Enterprises 172 views Galaxy Resources 167 views Bullfrog Gold 142 views Tweets by @INN_LifeScience Download Free Reports Resource Investing Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Graphite Investing And Graphite Stocks To Buy “Copper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2016″ Rare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To Buy Lithium Forecast & Lithium Stocks To Buy Potash Stocks and Potash News: Agriculture Investing Opportunities Critical Metals Price Forecast And Stocks To Watch Silver Demand Forecast and Silver Stocks To Buy Potash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends Uranium Price Forecasts and Top Uranium Stocks to Watch Why Invest in Platinum Stocks? What the Future Could Hold for Lonmin, the AMCU and South African Platinum Production Base Metal Prices And Investing Opportunities Investing in Tungsten: Tungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten Companies at a Glance Zinc Market Outlook Coal Price Forecast: Types of Coal, Coal Prices and Coal Stocks Forecasting the Oil Price: Investing Wisely in the Top Oil Producing Countries Palladium Price Forecast: Palladium Investments and Opportunities Investing in Medical Cannabis – Information about Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks Investing in Stornoway Diamonds or Other Canadian Diamond Mines – Beyond the Diamond Price Calculator “Gold Prices In 2016″ Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Industrial Metals in 2016: Oversupply in Several Markets, but Not All Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Energy Investing Outlook: Moving Away from Carbon? Agriculture Investing Opportunities: Forecast for 2016 Precious Metals Outlook: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium Critical Metals Outlook: The Potential for 2016 Copper Price Forecast, Trends, and Predictions – Understanding Today’s Copper Price From LME Copper to Copper ETFs Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Prices 2016 Investing in Lithium Stocks Post Rockwood Lithium Free Lithium Investing Newsletter Free Uranium Investing Newsletter Life Science Investing Life Science Investing Primer – Finding More Opportunities like Medtronic, Ariad Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacyte. Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: Pharmaceutical News, and Top Pharmaceutical Stocks to Buy Now Everything You Need to Know About Biotech Investing News From the Top Biotech Companies to the Best Biotech Stocks Life Science & Healthcare Investing in 2016 Tech Investing Understanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin Rate What is Nanotechnology? Nanotech Applications and Nanotech Investing Investing in Graphene Companies: Graphene Cost, Graphene Properties and Graphene Market 3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To Buy Tech Forecast And Promising Tech Stocks To Buy In 2016 & 2017 Cleantech Investing: What Clean Technology Investors Need to Know Technology Investing in 2016: Trends and Outlooks for Successful Technology Investing Browse Topics Resource Investing Agriculture Investing Cannabis Investing Phosphate Investing Potash Investing Base Metals Investing Copper Investing Iron Investing Lead Investing Nickel Investing Zinc Investing Critical Metals Investing Cobalt Investing Graphite Investing Magnesium Investing Manganese Investing Rare Earth Investing Scandium Investing Tantalum Investing Tellurium Investing Tungsten Investing Energy Investing Gas Investing Lithium Investing Oil and Gas Investing Oil Investing Uranium Investing Gem Investing Diamond Investing Industrial Metals Investing Aluminum Investing Chromium Investing Coal Investing Molybdenum Investing Tin Investing Vanadium Investing Precious Metals Investing Gold Investing Palladium Investing Platinum Investing Silver Investing Tech Investing 3D Printing Investing App Investing Cleantech Investing Cloud Investing Cybersecurity Investing Data Investing Fintech Investing Graphene Investing Mobile Web Investing Nanotech Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Investing Genetics Investing Longevity Investing Medical Device Investing Pharmaceutical Investing Featured Stocks RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Novel Medicines for Respiratory Diseases Q BioMed OncBioMune Pharmaceuticals DelMar PharmaceuticalsView All Featured Stocks   Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × Privacy & Legal Policy This website is part of the Investing News Network published by Dig Media Inc. Overview Contact Information Information Collected Ad Server Information Use Remarketing Future Use Accessing Your Data Security Your Acceptance of These Terms Overview INN's mission is to be the world's number one source of independent, unbiased news and education helping investors realized their financial goals. We also strive to be internationally respected for our integrity, our people and our commitment to excellence. Therefore, we are very concerned with the privacy rights of our audience and are committed to protecting the information collected about you.We have taken extensive measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to protect your data from misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Dig Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Contact Information Our postal address is L200 - 560 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC V6B 2L3 We can be reached via e-mail at info@digmediasolutions.com or telephone at +1-604-688-8231 Information Collected For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number. The information we collect is used to notify visitors about updates to our website, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact visitors for marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: When you visit our websites, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser during your visit. We use these cookies to maintain your connection as you move from page to page, and to ensure anything you submit, such as a comment or a form, is not rejected. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Ad Server With respect to Ad Servers: Other third-party companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google-DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see Google ad policies. Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see NAI Opt-out Options. Information Use We only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the cases outlined above in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Dig Media, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. Remarketing We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with INN websites. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by INN to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show INN ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to INN websites. To opt out of customized Google Display Network ads click here. To find out more about how Google uses any data it collects please visit http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Any information collected is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose. Future Use From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. Accessing Your Data Please contact us at the address above for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. Security With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, or by submitting personal information to us, you signify your agreement to Dig Media's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. From time to time we may change or update our piracy policies. It is your responsibility to check back regularly to inform yourself of such changes. Your continued use of this or any Dig Media website following the posting of changes to these terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. The foregoing policies are in effect as of August 1, 2012. Dig media reserves the right to change this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy to this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. × Manage Account About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Stocks Author Index Keyword Index Browse Topics Advertise Free Reports Events Glossary Press Releases Copyright 2016 © Dig Media Inc. Investing News Network Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Back Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Back Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Back Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Back Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Back Gem Diamond Back Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis Back About Resource Investing Back Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Back Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Back Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Back Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Back Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Back
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»BMY's Opdivo At The Altar Again, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Watch Out For OASM 24.10.2016 | 06:27 (20 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News BMY's Opdivo At The Altar Again, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Watch Out For OASM NEW YORK CITY (dpa-AFX) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s (BMY) supplemental Biologics License Application, seeking expanded use of Opdivo to patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that has progressed on or after platinum-containing therapy has been granted priority review by the FDA - with a decision date set for March 2, 2017. Opdivo, as a single agent or in combination with Yervoy, is already approved for a number of indications. The drug generated global sales of $942 million in 2015. Thanks to expanding indications, the drug's sales in the first half of 2016 are an impressive $1.54 billion. Opdivo works by targeting the cellular pathway known as PD-1/PD-L1 (proteins found on the body's immune cells and some cancer cells). Blockading this pathway helps the body's immune system fight the cancer cells. BMY closed Friday's trading at $50.02, down 0.68%. The FDA has approved Merck's (MRK) ZINPLAVA Injection to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection, or CDI, in patients 18 years of age or older undergoing treatment with antibiotics for CDI and who are at high risk for CDI recurrence. ZINPLAVA is not an antibacterial drug and is not indicated for the treatment of CDI. It should only be used in conjunction with antibacterial drug treatment of CDI. Merck anticipates making ZINPLAVA available in first quarter 2017. In other news, Merck's phase III trial of approved drug KEYTRUDA in patients with previously treated advanced urothelial cancer has met the primary endpoint of overall survival. In the trial, dubbed KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was superior compared to investigator choice chemotherapy. Given the encouraging data, an independent Data Monitoring Committee has recommended that the trial be stopped early. KEYTRUDA is already indicated for the treatment of metastatic melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The sales of the drug for full year 2015 were $566 million, and were $563 million in the first half of this year. MRK closed Friday's trading at $61.20, down 1.16%. Italy-based Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (NWRN) is all set to face the FDA on March 21, 2017, thanks to the U.S. regulatory agency accepting the resubmitted Xadago NDA as a complete Class 2 response. Xadago is being proposed as an add-on therapy to dopamine agonists or to levodopa in patients with early or mid- to late-stage Parkinson's disease. Newron's Xadago was turned down by the FDA in March of this year, with the regulatory agency requesting potential effect of Xadago on behaviors relating to abuse liability and dependence/withdrawal effects as required by the Controlled Substance Staff (CSS) in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the FDA. The company resubmitted the Xadago NDA to the FDA last month. Xadago has received marketing authorization for the treatment of Parkinson's disease in the European Union and Switzerland and is commercialized by Newron's Partner Zambon. NWRN.SW closed Friday's trading at $20.75, up 5.33%. Shares of Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB (OASM) rose over 4% on Friday on news that the company is in discussions concerning acquisition of a novel cancer project. More details are expected to be released on Monday at the latest. OASM closed Friday's trading at $2.70, up 4.25%. Vascular Solutions Inc. (VASC) has received FDA clearance for its Fluent inflation device for use during cardiovascular procedures to create, maintain, and monitor pressure in balloon catheters. Fluent received CE Mark clearance in August 2016 and has already begun international clinical evaluations. The commercial launch of Fluent in the U.S. and Europe is expected to commence during this quarter. VASC closed Friday's trading at $46.77, down 0.04%. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share BMY's Opdivo At The Altar Again, MRK Gets FDA Nod, Watch Out For OASM 10/24/2016 12:11 AM ET Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s (BMY) supplemental Biologics License Application, seeking expanded use of Opdivo to patients with locally advanced unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma that has progressed on or after platinum-containing therapy has been granted priority review by the FDA - with a decision date set for March 2, 2017. Opdivo, as a single agent or in combination with Yervoy, is already approved for a number of indications. The drug generated global sales of $942 million in 2015. Thanks to expanding indications, the drug's sales in the first half of 2016 are an impressive $1.54 billion. Opdivo works by targeting the cellular pathway known as PD-1/PD-L1 (proteins found on the body's immune cells and some cancer cells). Blockading this pathway helps the body's immune system fight the cancer cells. BMY closed Friday's trading at $50.02, down 0.68%. The FDA has approved Merck's (MRK) ZINPLAVA Injection to reduce recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection, or CDI, in patients 18 years of age or older undergoing treatment with antibiotics for CDI and who are at high risk for CDI recurrence. ZINPLAVA is not an antibacterial drug and is not indicated for the treatment of CDI. It should only be used in conjunction with antibacterial drug treatment of CDI. Merck anticipates making ZINPLAVA available in first quarter 2017. In other news, Merck's phase III trial of approved drug KEYTRUDA in patients with previously treated advanced urothelial cancer has met the primary endpoint of overall survival. In the trial, dubbed KEYNOTE-045, KEYTRUDA was superior compared to investigator choice chemotherapy. Given the encouraging data, an independent Data Monitoring Committee has recommended that the trial be stopped early. KEYTRUDA is already indicated for the treatment of metastatic melanoma, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The sales of the drug for full year 2015 were $566 million, and were $563 million in the first half of this year. MRK closed Friday's trading at $61.20, down 1.16%. Italy-based Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (NWRN) is all set to face the FDA on March 21, 2017, thanks to the U.S. regulatory agency accepting the resubmitted Xadago NDA as a complete Class 2 response. Xadago is being proposed as an add-on therapy to dopamine agonists or to levodopa in patients with early or mid- to late-stage Parkinson's disease. Newron's Xadago was turned down by the FDA in March of this year, with the regulatory agency requesting potential effect of Xadago on behaviors relating to abuse liability and dependence/withdrawal effects as required by the Controlled Substance Staff (CSS) in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the FDA. The company resubmitted the Xadago NDA to the FDA last month. Xadago has received marketing authorization for the treatment of Parkinson's disease in the European Union and Switzerland and is commercialized by Newron's Partner Zambon. NWRN.SW closed Friday's trading at $20.75, up 5.33%. Shares of Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB (OASM) rose over 4% on Friday on news that the company is in discussions concerning acquisition of a novel cancer project. More details are expected to be released on Monday at the latest. OASM closed Friday's trading at $2.70, up 4.25%. Vascular Solutions Inc. (VASC) has received FDA clearance for its Fluent inflation device for use during cardiovascular procedures to create, maintain, and monitor pressure in balloon catheters. Fluent received CE Mark clearance in August 2016 and has already begun international clinical evaluations. The commercial launch of Fluent in the U.S. and Europe is expected to commence during this quarter. VASC closed Friday's trading at $46.77, down 0.04%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories Nasdaq Names Adena Friedman CEO Cedar Crest Cookie Dough Ice Cream Recalled Naughty Dating Site Adult Friendfinder Users Exposed By Hack Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Session - U.S. Commentary McDonald's Trying Sriracha Big Mac IPO Watch: WildHorse Wants To Fund Acquisition Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Major Averages Turning In Mixed Performance In Early Trading - U.S. Commentary Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Trump To Take Only $1 As Salary; No Vacations Trump Names Priebus As Chief Of Staff; Stephen Bannon As Chief Strategist Diabetes Grows In Alarming Pace <<Previous        45 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Bristol-Myers : FDA Oks Opdivo For Treatment Of Recurrent Or Metastatic SCCHN Bristol-Myers Squibb: Opdivo Meets Primary Endpoint Of Overall Survival Bristol-Myers Squibb To Present At Credit Suisse Conference; Webcast At 10:00 AM Bristol-Myers Announces New Data Presentations From Studies Evaluating Opdivo Bristol-Myers Rising Sharply On Upbeat Q3 Results, Guidance Trade BMY now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Continental Stock Dips On Weak Q3 Profit; Sees Strong Earnings In Q4 AstraZeneca Q3 Pre-tax Profit Down On Crestor Generic; Backs FY View Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise ARWR's Hepatitis B Drug On Clinical Hold, GMED Disappoints, A First For MYL AdvancePierre Foods Appoints Christopher Sliva As President ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America Alphabet Cancels Drone Deal With Starbucks As Project Leaders Pushed Out Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Facebook Taking Aim At LinkedIn Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Rio Tinto Suspends Unit CEO Alan Davies Amid Guinea Payments Investigation Alstom Turns To Profit In H1; Sales, Orders Up; Backs 2020 View - Quick Facts Kuka Group Q3 Profit Surges; Lowers FY16 Sales Outlook - Quick Facts HeidelbergCement Q3 Profit Down;says Confident To Exceed €400 Mln Synergy Target Osram Licht Q4 Profit Declines; Sees Growth In 2017 - Quick Facts Heidelberg Reports Positive Net Result In Q2; Affirms Fiscal Year Targets Carlsberg Q3 Revenues Decline; But Lifts FY16 Profit Outlook - Quick Facts E.ON 9-month Loss Narrows; Confirms 2016 Profit Outlook Munich Re Lifts FY View, Q3 Profit Rises - Quick Facts Swiss Life 9-month Fee Income Rises; Premiums Down; On Track For FY16 Targets Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
null
null

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Industries Pharmaceuticals The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal These investors, many with religious ties, are calling for drug price transparency By Peter Loftus Published: Oct 24, 2016 12:51 p.m. ET Share Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer and Merck are among the drug companies being targeted Bloomberg News/Landov By PeterLoftus A group of 300 institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, is waging a new campaign to press drugmakers to justify their price increases. The investors, members of the New York-based Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, are asking 17 drug companies—including Johnson & Johnson JNJ, -1.58% Pfizer Inc. PFE, -0.64%  and Merck & Co. MRK, -0.66%  —to be more transparent about when and why they raise prices. The investors, which own shares in the drug companies being targeted, say rising costs are putting prescription drugs out of reach for many patients. That could lead to long-term challenges for the companies, they say. “The health of the economy depends on the health of the people,” said Donna Meyer, director of shareholder advocacy for ICCR member Mercy Investment Services Inc. of St. Louis, which runs retirement funds for the Roman Catholic congregation Sisters of Mercy. “We can’t afford these escalating costs.” An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular on WSJ.com: The Fatal Mistake That Doomed Samsung’s Galaxy Note Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official’s Wife More from MarketWatch Mylan’s EpiPen caught the full force of drug price outrage because it was the perfect target, not because it was the only one Martin Shkreli-style drug price hikes are not that new These therapists specialize in the unique mental problems of millennials MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $116.60 -1.87 (-1.58%) Volume 9.8M Open $118.58 High $118.99 Low $116.50 P/E Ratio 20.64 Div Yield 2.74 Market Cap 322.3B Pfizer Inc. U.S.: NYSE: PFE $32.38 -0.21 (-0.64%) Volume 29.3M Open $32.85 High $32.90 Low $32.13 P/E Ratio 32.38 Div Yield 3.71 Market Cap 197.7B Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.53 -0.42 (-0.66%) Volume 9.3M Open $64.00 High $64.09 Low $63.24 P/E Ratio 32.41 Div Yield 2.9 Market Cap 176.3B LatestNews
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Expect From Merck Earnings By Chris Lange October 24, 2016 12:35 pm EST Print Email Tweet Merck & Co. (NYSE: MRK) is scheduled to release its third-quarter earnings report after before the markets open on Tuesday. The consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters are $0.98 in earnings per share (EPS) and $10.18 billion in revenue. In the same period of last year, Merck posted EPS of $0.96 on $10.07 billion in revenue. Prior to its presentation at the European Society for Medical Oncology in mid-October, Merck announced that Keytruda (pembrolizumab), demonstrated superiority in overall survival at 18 months compared to standard of care chemotherapy (docetaxel) in patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer previously treated with platinum-containing chemotherapy whose tumors expressed PD-L1, as well as patients with high levels of PD-L1 expression. Roy S. Herbst, M.D., Ph.D., professor of medicine and chief of medical oncology, Yale Cancer Center and Smilow Cancer Hospital at Yale, New Haven, commented: These findings – which show superior survival with longer follow-up across patients with PD-L1 expression (tumor proportion score of one percent or more), as well as improved quality of life – point to KEYTRUDA as a durable treatment option for many previously treated patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. These data also reinforce the value of using PD-L1 as a biomarker to identify patients who are likely to benefit from KEYTRUDA. Ahead of the earnings report, a few analysts weighed in on Merck: Jefferies reiterated a Hold rating with a $65 price target. Merrill Lynch has a Buy rating with a $70 price target. Leerink reiterated a Market Perform rating with a $65 price target. Barclays reiterated an Overweight rating. Argus reiterated a Buy rating with a $65 price target. Morgan Stanley has a Hold rating with a $60 price target. Sanford Bernstein has an Outperform rating with a $74 price target. So far in 2016, Merck has outperformed the broad markets, with the stock up about 16%. Over the past 52 weeks, the stock is up roughly the same amount. Shares of Merck were trading at $61.00 on Monday, with a consensus analyst price target of $68.00 and a 52-week trading range of $47.97 to $64.86. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Manufacturing Activity Ticks Higher on October How Long Can US Crude Oil Costs Remain Low? » Read more: Healthcare Business, Earnings, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, BNY Mellon and More Dynavax, Nokia Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club UnitedHealth, McDonald’s Lift DJIA Monday Ichor Holdings Gears Up for IPO Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What Happened in the Stock Market Today TransDigm Warns That 2017 Growth Could Slow Dramatically Why Even Donald Trump Probably Can't Stop Electric Cars Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing Kilroy (KRC) Picks Adobe as Anchor Tenant for 100 Hooper AstraZeneca's Symbicort Positive in Pediatric Asthma Study Bristol-Myers Offers Updates from Opdivo Combination Trials A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively U.S. SEC Chair White to time her exit from agency with Obama's Dim Prospects for Valeant Pharmaceuticals as Former CEOs Face Criminal Probes Why Mentor Graphics, Chico's FAS, and U.S. Steel Jumped Today Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Are A Swamp Unto Themselves Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Here's What We Know About Your Retirement Under President Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18868.69 0.11%   S&P 500 ▲ 2164.20 -0.01%   Nasdaq ▲ 5218.40 -0.36%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.263%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.67 0.81%   Euro ▲ 1.0749 0.11%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Samsung Charges Into Auto Tech With $8 Billion Deal for Harman Regency Centers Nearing Deal to Buy Equity One for About $5 Billion Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics Amid Push to Digitize Factories U.S. Businesses Bet on Which Trump Will Govern Buffett’s Berkshire Invests in Airlines Google to Bar Fake-News Websites From Using Its Ad-Selling Software American Apparel Returns to Bankruptcy With Deal to Sell Brand Clinical Trial Succeeds for Injectable Opioid-Dependence Treatment Personal Technology Apple MacBook Pro Review: Same, Better and Worse Korea Line Outbids Hyundai Merchant for Hanjin Shipping Assets Tata Motors Posts Lower than Expected Profit Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Faith-Based Investor Group Calls for Drugmakers to Be Transparent on Pricing Members of the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility have submitted shareholder proposals to companies like Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer By Peter Loftus Peter Loftus The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyPeter Loftus @Loftus Peter.Loftus@dowjones.com Updated Oct. 24, 2016 4:07 p.m. ET A group of 300 institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, is waging a new campaign to press drugmakers to justify their price increases. The investors, members of the New York-based Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, are asking 17 drug companies—including Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co.—to be more transparent about when and why they raise prices. The... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos The Most Super 'Supermoon' Since 1948 Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs President Obama Speaks to Press Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier The Mortgage Market Is Changing Fast Opinion: Harry Reid and the Horse He Rode In On The Trump Trade Is Getting Out of Hand: Buy Bonds Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Glaxo Seeks FDA Approval for Experimental Shingles Vaccine Ketaki Gokhale KetakiGokhale October 24, 2016 — 2:12 AM EDT Updated on October 24, 2016 — 3:10 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Shingrix could generate sales of 638 million pounds by 2020 Merck’s Zostavax already FDA approved for adults 50 and over Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp GlaxoSmithKline Plc said it sought regulatory approval in the U.S. for its experimental shingles vaccine which, if successful, could generate more than $700 million in annual sales for the British drugmaker and compete with Merck & Co.’s Zostavax The filing for Shingrix, which helps prevent herpes zoster and its complications, was submitted to the Food and Drug Administration after late-stage clinical tests in more than 37,000 people, Glaxo said in a statement on Monday. The vaccine could generate 638 million pounds ($779 million) in sales by 2020, according to the average of eight analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg. Shingles is caused by the varicella zoster virus -- the same member of the herpes family that causes chickenpox. After an attack of chickenpox, the virus lies dormant in the body and can reappear, usually in the elderly or in people with compromised immune systems, in the form of painful shingles. A study published last month in the New England Journal of Medicine found that Glaxo’s vaccine remained effective for at least four years, unlike Merck’s Zostavax, which loses efficacy over time. Glaxo is seeking approval for the vaccine to be administered to people aged 50 years or over. Zostavax Efficacy Zostavax is approved for use in the U.S. in people aged 50 and over, based on a large study that found the vaccine reduced the risk of shingles by about 70 percent. In people over 60, the vaccine’s efficacy wanes within five years of vaccination, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. People who received the two-dose Shingrix, meanwhile, had an 88 percent lower risk of developing shingles in the fourth year after vaccination, compared with a 91 percent reduction over the entire period of the late-stage trial, according to results published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Sept. 14. Glaxo, the U.K.’s biggest drugmaker, plans to seek regulatory approval in the EU and Canada this year, and in Japan in 2017. Shingrix is administered in two doses, with a two-to six-month interval between doses. Because Shingrix is made of a protein from the surface of the varicella zoster virus, and not a live version of the virus, Glaxo is testing it in patients with blood cancers, HIV and transplant patients, to find out whether it can protect people with compromised immune systems against shingles. Generally live vaccines like Merck’s Zostavax are not used in immune-compromised patients. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE GlaxoSmithKline PLC Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Please enable javascript to view this site. ≡ Menu Home Blog Jirani Scholarships Jobs Magazeti Mwananchi MwanaHALISI Online Mtanzania Global Publishers Raia Mwema BBC Swahili Business Times The Citizen The East African Jamhuri Mwana Spoti LIVE Tv Azam Tv Star Tv LIVE Radio LIVE Sports About Contact Loading... Loading... Saturday Home » »Unlabelled » Call for application: Merck KGaA Accelerator Kenya Spring 17 for Digital Healthcare Startups Call for application: Merck KGaA Accelerator Kenya Spring 17 for Digital Healthcare Startups The Merck Accelerator is looking for true innovators and entrepreneurs with a start-up mindset. Candidates applying to the accelerator program should be startups in the fields of digital healthcare who are dedicated to the program and ready to give their all for the entire program period. Here are the key benefits ready for you: Financial support up to $30,000 for your team.  Accommodation & office space in the center of Nairobi, Kenya. Access to a global network with 50,000+ industry leaders and investors.  Deep-dive mentoring sessions to bring your startup to the next level.  Travel & conference opportunities to enrich your international experience as well as the possibility to expand your network through our Silicon Valley extension program. Follow the following link for more: https://www.f6s.com/merckkenyaspring17/about Email This BlogThis! Share to Twitter Share to Facebook Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ StumbleUpon Digg Delicious LinkedIn Reddit Technorati Newer Post Older Post Loading... 0 comments : Post a Comment Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment. Subscribe to: Post Comments ( Atom ) Kitabu: Afisa Usalama wa Taifa ni nani? Bonyeza picha kwa maelezo zaidi Recent News Most read Archive News reel RSS Feed Widget Popular Posts Matokeo ya mtihani wa Kitaifa wa Darasa la Saba 2015 ARUSHA DAR ES SALAAM DODOMA IRINGA KAGERA KIGOMA KILIMANJARO LINDI MARA MBEYA MOROGORO MTWARA MWANZA PWANI RUKWA RUVUMA SHINYANGA SING... Matokeo ya Mtihani wa Taifa wa Darasa la Saba 2014 Bofya jina la mkoa katika jendwali lililopo hapo chini ili kuona orodha ya shule na kuchagua unayoihitaji. ARUSHA DAR ES SALAAM DODOMA... Loan allocation for SUA first year students in Academic Year 2015 - 2016 Loan allocation for SUA first year (FRESHERS) students who receive loans from Student loan board for the academic year 2015 - 2016. http:/... NECTA: Mtihani wa Kitaifa wa Kidato cha Nne 2015 kuanza Jumatatu Mtihani wa Kitaifa wa kumaliza elimu ya Sekondari kwa Kidato cha Nne utaanza rasmi Jumatatu, Novemba 2 hadi 27 mwaka huu kwa shule zote za m... Tangazo la Wizara kuhusu maombi ya kujiunga na Kozi za Afya Katibu Mkuu Wizara ya Afya na Ustawi wa Jamii anakaribisha maombi ya kujiunga na kozi mbalimbali zinazotolewa katika vyuo vinavyoendeshwa na... Archive Archive November ( 65 ) October ( 159 ) September ( 426 ) August ( 377 ) July ( 457 ) June ( 471 ) May ( 382 ) April ( 366 ) March ( 456 ) February ( 414 ) January ( 410 ) December ( 381 ) November ( 385 ) October ( 537 ) September ( 421 ) August ( 439 ) July ( 521 ) June ( 483 ) May ( 493 ) April ( 457 ) March ( 427 ) February ( 337 ) January ( 373 ) December ( 357 ) November ( 366 ) October ( 404 ) September ( 421 ) August ( 424 ) July ( 416 ) June ( 280 ) May ( 372 ) April ( 361 ) March ( 384 ) February ( 362 ) October ( 1 ) May ( 3 ) January ( 1 ) August ( 2 ) October ( 155 ) September ( 196 ) August ( 172 ) July ( 206 ) June ( 276 ) May ( 190 ) April ( 121 ) March ( 119 ) February ( 76 ) January ( 82 ) December ( 70 ) November ( 90 ) October ( 11 ) September ( 4 ) July ( 7 ) June ( 10 ) May ( 16 ) April ( 13 ) February ( 3 ) January ( 1 ) October ( 1 ) April ( 3 ) March ( 3 )   Toggle Footer TOP Copyright © 2012 wavuti All Right Reserved Designed by ivythemes • MKR Site
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Agilent Technologies Receives Expanded FDA Approval for Use of Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx Companion Diagnostic in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC) By Published: Oct 24, 2016 6:10 p.m. ET Share Untreated metastatic NSCLC patients with high PD-L1 expression can now be identified for treatment with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) using PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDxIn addition, the labeling update identifies a broader range of previously treated metastatic NSCLC patients with PD-L1 expression for treatment with KEYTRUDA CARPINTERIA, Calif., Oct 24, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Agilent Technologies Inc. A, -2.24% today announced that its Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx now has an expanded label approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for use in determining PD-L1 expression status to inform treatment in metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab). This expanded intended use now allows the PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx test to detect PD-L1 expression in a broader range of patients – those with a PD-L1 tumor proportion score (TPS) of 1 percent or more. The FDA also announced on Oct. 24 that KEYTRUDA is now approved for the first-line treatment of metastatic NSCLC patients whose tumors express high levels of PD-L1 (TPS of 50 percent or more) or for previously treated metastatic NSCLC patients whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS of 1 percent or more). This updated approval of PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx means that the assay can be used to identify previously untreated patients with metastatic NSCLC expressing high levels of PD-L1 for treatment with KEYTRUDA. Prior to this, chemotherapy was the standard first-line treatment for most NSCLC patients. The labeling update also means that more patients in the second-line or later treatment setting – including patients with levels of PD-L1 expression of 1 percent or more – can also be identified for treatment with KEYTRUDA. “This expanded intended use for our FDA-approved PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx assay is a step towards providing first-line metastatic NSCLC patients with immunotherapy as an option. PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx allows pathologists to confidently determine, and report PD-L1 expression status for a patient’s tumor. This critical diagnostic information informs oncologists’ treatment decisions around KEYTRUDA,” said Jacob Thaysen, president of Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group. “Pathologists recognize the need for approved and validated tests, and our companion diagnostic gives them a highly accurate tool to inform oncologists on PD-L1 expression.” “PD-L1 is an important biomarker for use in identifying those patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer who are most likely to benefit from treatment with KEYTRUDA,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president and therapeutic area head, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. “With the approval of both the medicine and companion diagnostic to include first-line evaluation and treatment, and the broadening of the Dako PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx label in the second-line and later treatment setting, we now have the opportunity to help many more patients with this devastating disease.” Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide, and NSCLC accounts for 80 percent of all lung cancers. PD-L1 IHC 22C3 pharmDx was developed in partnership with Merck & Co., Inc. (known as MSD outside the U.S. and Canada), maker of the anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. About Agilent Technologies and Dako Agilent Technologies Inc. A, -2.24% a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, is the premier laboratory partner for a better world. Agilent works with customers in more than 100 countries, providing instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow. The company generated revenues of $4.04 billion in fiscal 2015 and employs about 12,000 people worldwide. In 2012, Agilent acquired Dako, a well-known provider of reagents, instruments, software and expertise. Agilent’s Dako pathology solutions help pathologists make accurate diagnoses and determine the most effective treatment for cancer patients. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com, and information about Agilent’s Dako pathology solutions products is available here. NOTE TO EDITORS: Further technology, corporate citizenship and executive news is available at www.agilent.com/go/news. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024006586/en/ SOURCE: Agilent Technologies Inc. Agilent Technologies Victoria Wadsworth-Hansen, +1 408-553-2005 +45 29336980 victoria.wadsworth-hansen@agilent.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Agilent Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: A $45.33 -1.04 (-2.24%) Volume 3.4M Open $46.66 High $46.73 Low $45.18 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 1.01 Market Cap 15.0B Agilent Technologies Inc. U.S.: NYSE: A $45.33 -1.04 (-2.24%) Volume 3.4M Open $46.66 High $46.73 Low $45.18 P/E Ratio 31.26 Div Yield 1.01 Market Cap 15.0B LatestNews


MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Roundup > Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 24, 2016 Tweet Virginia Lau October 24, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 24, 2016 Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print 1. GlaxoSmithKline filed its experimental shingles vaccine Shingrix with the FDA for approval. The vaccine, which would compete with Merck's Zostavaz, if it's approved, is 90% effective among patients older than 70 years old in clinical trials, while Zostavaz's efficacy is between 18% and 70%. Analysts predict annual global sales of Shingrix could reach $1 billion by 2021. (Reuters) 2. China Resources Pharmaceutical Group reportedly raised $1.8 billion in its IPO, making it the largest pharmaceutical IPO since 2013 when animal health company Zoetis raised $2.6 billion. The state-backed China Resources Holdings Company manufactures pharmaceuticals, traditional Chinese medicine, and health supplements. (Bloomberg) 3. Sunovion Pharmaceuticals completed its $635 million acquisition of speciality pharmaceutical company Cynapsus Therapeutics, which expands Sunovion's portfolio in neurology. Cynapsus' experimental drug APL-130277 is being tested for OFF episodes in Parkinson's patients. 4. Bristol-Myers Squibb said the FDA granted priority review to Opdivo to treat advanced unresectable or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, an advanced form of bladder cancer. Merck's Keytruda showed positive results in a trial for urothelial cancer as well. (Business Wire, Reuters) 5. Pharmaceutical companies that make painkillers are among the largest donors backing the anti-legalization of marijuana, citing safety concerns. Critics say their contributions are a ploy to protect market share as opiate overdoses dropped by 25% in states that have legalized medical marijuana. (The Guardian) Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 24 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 3, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 6 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 31, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, October 17, 2016 Related Topics Acquisition FDA Immunotherapy IPO M&A Oncology Vaccines Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, October 25, 2016 MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Roundup Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, ... J&J's experimental RA drug has mixed results in clinical trial; Novartis reportedly considers buying generics maker; Donald Trump names healthcare transition team leader Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, ... Trump says he will reform the FDA; pharmaceutical M&A expected to pick up; superbug causing infections in cystic-fibrosis patients Five things for pharma marketers to know: Thursday, ... Mylan reports third-quarter loss; analysts say drug-pricing restrictions less likely under Trump; the FDA limits citizen petitions Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Are Health Care ETFs a Buy Heading Into Earnings Season? October 24, 2016 11:31am NYSE:XLV ShareTweet Zacks analyst Sweta Killa takes a look at some popular health and biotech ETFs, and examines where the risk/reward lies as we progress through earnings season. The Q3 earnings season is in full swing with the healthcare sector showing the third highest growth at this stage, trailing materials and business services. Earnings from 22% of the sector’s market capitalization that have reported so far are up 15.9% with a beat ratio of 83.3% on revenue growth of 8.8% and revenue surprise of 66.7%, as per the Earnings Trends. In particular, robust earnings reports from the leading drug maker Johnson & Johnson (JNJ – Free Report) and the largest U.S. health insurer UnitedHealth Group (UNH – Free Report) spread strong optimism in the sector last week (J&J Beats on Q3 Earnings: Should You Buy Healthcare ETFs?). As a result, healthcare ETFs saw smooth trading, with the popular funds –Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLV – Free Report) , Vanguard Health Care ETF (VHT – Free Report) , iShares U.S. Healthcare ETF (IYH – Free Report) and Fidelity MSCI Health Care Index ETF (FHLC – Free Report) – gaining nearly 0.2% over the past five days. Will the positive trend continue in the weeks ahead given that the sector is expected to post Q3 earnings growth of 3.7% and revenue growth of 7.4%? Let’s delve into the earnings picture of some of the other largest companies in the healthcare space that would drive the performance of the above-mentioned funds in the coming days. Some of the big names include Pfizer (PFE – Free Report) , Merck (MRK – Free Report) , Amgen (AMGN – Free Report) , AbbVie (ABBV – Free Report) , Gilead Sciences (GILD – Free Report) and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY – Free Report) that dominate these fund’s portfolio. All these stocks collectively account for the maximum portion, with 28.6% share in XLV, 27.4% in IYH, 25% in VHT and 24.6% in FHLC. Inside Our Surprise Prediction of These Stocks Pfizer has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) and an Earnings ESP of -1.59%, indicating a lower probability of beating estimates this quarter. According to the our surprise prediction methodology, a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), #2 or #3 when combined with a positive Earnings ESP has chances of an earnings beat, while a Zacks Rank #4 or #5 (Sell rated) are best avoided. Pfizer delivered positive earnings surprises in the last four quarters, with an average beat of 11.16%. Additionally, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for third-quarter 2016 is 63 cents, up a penny over the past three months. Further, the stock has a solid Value and Momentum Style Score of B and A, respectively, while a Growth Style Score of C looks unimpressive. Pfizer is scheduled to report its earnings on November 1 before the opening bell. Merck is expected to report its results on October 25 before market open. It has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and an Earnings ESP of 0.00%, which makes surprise prediction difficult. The stock saw no earnings estimate revision over the past 90 days for the to-be-reported quarter. The drug maker delivered positive earnings surprises in the last four quarters, with an average beat of 3.37%. The stock has an unfavorable Value and Growth Style Score of C and D, respectively, while a Momentum Style Score of B looks good (read: 5 ETFs to Buy as Election Uncertainty Looms). Amgen has a Zacks Rank #3 and an Earnings ESP of +1.08%, indicating a good chance of beating estimates this quarter. The earnings surprise track over the past four quarters is robust with an average positive surprise of 11.55%. The stock also witnessed positive earnings estimate revision of a penny over the past 90 days for the yet-to-be-reported quarter. Additionally, the stock has a solid Value Style Score of B but an unfavorable Growth and Momentum Style Score of C and D, respectively. Amgen will reports its earnings on October 27 after market close. AbbVie has a Zacks Rank #3 and an Earnings ESP of +0.83%, indicating a reasonable chance of beating estimates this quarter. The company delivered positive earnings surprises in the last four quarters, with an average beat of 3.32%. Moreover, it saw solid positive earnings estimate revision of three cents over the past three months for the to-be-reported quarter. Further, the stock has a top Momentum Style Score of A and a Value Style Score of B while the Growth Style Score is unimpressive at C. The company is schedule to report on October 28 before market open. Gilead is expected to release its earnings on November 1 after market close. It has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) and an Earnings ESP of -0.36%. Gilead saw a negative earnings estimate revision of 19 cents over the past three months for the to-be-reported quarter but delivered positive earnings surprises in three of the last four quarters, with an average beat of 4.08%. Though it has a solid Value and Growth Style Score of B each, the Momentum Style Score of F is an eyesore (read: Prepare for a Clinton Presidency with These Stocks & ETFs). Bristol-Myers will likely report its earnings on October 27 before the opening bell. It has an unfavorable Zacks Rank #4 but an Earnings ESP of +3.08%. The stock delivered positive earnings surprises over the past four quarters with an average beat of 15.56% and saw positive earnings estimate revision of a penny for the to-be-reported quarter. However, it has an unfavorable Value, Growth and Momentum Style Score of C, F and C, respectively. Summing Up Given that some companies have an unfavorable Zacks Rank and a lower probability of beating this quarter, healthcare ETFs might struggle to hold onto gains in the coming days. However, the above-mention ETFs have a favorable Zacks ETF Rank of #1 (Strong Buy) in case of XLV, VHT and IYH and #2 for FHLC (see: all the Healthcare ETFs here). This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Tags: biotech Health Care NYSE:XLV Categories: NYSE:XLV Read Next Can Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Turn Things Around With Q3 Earnings? BlackRock: Health Care Sector Sell-Off Overdone Are Retail ETFs a Buy Heading into the Holiday Season? BlackRock: Pay Attention to Health Care, Financials This Election Season Options Activity Shows Traders are Betting on a Recovery for This Health Care ETF Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Is The Trump Rally Actually Sustainable? Analyst: After Trump Rally Ends, Stocks Will Plunge Over 10% ETF Ticker Page Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Gradalis Announces the Appointment of Dr. Brian Daniels to the Newly Formed Scientific Advisory Board By Published: Oct 24, 2016 12:19 p.m. ET Share DALLAS, Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gradalis, Inc. today announced that Brian Daniels, MD has joined the Gradalis Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) under the chairmanship of Professor Sir Marc Feldmann, AC, FRS.  "We are pleased to have Dr. Daniels, a seasoned drug development expert, join the SAB to help guide Gradalis' translational and clinical effort," said Sunil Joshi, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gradalis.  "Brian brings tremendous experience in running clinical trials across diverse therapeutic areas, which will be invaluable in guiding our proprietary Vigil [®] Engineered Autologous Tumor Cells (EATCs) immunotherapy platform." Dr. Daniels has twenty years of experience in clinical development, medical affairs, and commercialization. Among Brian's accomplishments are directing the drug development efforts that led to the registration of numerous innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, HIV, viral hepatitis, depression, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, and rare genetic disorders. Dr. Daniels served as Senior Vice President, Global Development and Medical Affairs, and a member of the Senior Management Team, at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.  Prior to that, Brian honed his clinical development skills at Merck and Genentech.  Brian currently serves as a Senior Advisor with BCG, and as a Venture Partner at 5AM Ventures in Menlo Park, California. He is a member of the Board for Novo Nordisk A/S and volunteers his time at The Gladstone Institutes at the University of California in San Francisco as a translational partner. "Because Gradalis is a very unusual small company in already having years of clinical research experience, I am pleased that Brian has decided to join the SAB," said Sir Marc Feldmann, Chairman of the Gradalis SAB.  "The science of immuno-oncology is very complex, and it is very helpful to have a clinical development expert on the team to provide his valuable perspective." "It is a pleasure to join the Gradalis SAB," said Dr. Daniels.  "Being an immunologist by training, and having worked on Opdivo [®]  and Yervoy [®]  through development and registration, I am looking forward to helping the Gradalis team and the SAB on Vigil cellular immunotherapy that has the potential of advancing Oncology care." About Vigil EATC: Vigil is an investigational cellular immunotherapy technology that combines the concepts of genetic engineering with the science of immuno-oncology, to enable an immune response to cancer cells. A patient's tumor cells are engineered with a plasmid carrying the gene vector for shRNA Furin and GMCSF to elicit a systemic T-cell directed immune response when administered to the patient through intradermal injections.  By utilizing the patient's own tumor as the antigen source, Vigil EATC is designed to elicit an immune response that is specifically targeted and broadly relevant to each patient's unique tumor antigens.  Vigil EATC is being studied in Ewing's sarcoma and ovarian cancer as a single agent, and in breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma in combination with PD-L1 inhibitors.  More information about these studies can be found on www.vigilclinicaltrials.com. About Gradalis: Gradalis is a fully integrated biotechnology company based in Dallas, Texas that focuses on the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of novel proprietary personalized cellular immunotherapies to treat cancer. Gradalis operates a cGMP manufacturing facility in Carrolton, Texas. For more information about Gradalis, Inc. please visit www.gradalisinc.com. Gradalis [®] and Vigil [®] are registered trademarks of Gradalis, Inc. Opdivo [®] and Yervoy [®] are registered trademarks of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. Gradalis Contact: Beth Kriegel Chief Financial Officer (214) 307-8203   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gradalis-announces-the-appointment-of-dr-brian-daniels-to-the-newly-formed-scientific-advisory-board-300349786.html SOURCE Gradalis, Inc. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Gradalis Announces the Appointment of Dr. Brian Daniels to the Newly Formed Scientific Advisory Board News provided by Gradalis, Inc. Oct 24, 2016, 12:19 ET Share this article DALLAS, Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Gradalis, Inc. today announced that Brian Daniels, MD has joined the Gradalis Scientific Advisory Board (SAB) under the chairmanship of Professor Sir Marc Feldmann, AC, FRS.  "We are pleased to have Dr. Daniels, a seasoned drug development expert, join the SAB to help guide Gradalis' translational and clinical effort," said Sunil Joshi, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gradalis.  "Brian brings tremendous experience in running clinical trials across diverse therapeutic areas, which will be invaluable in guiding our proprietary Vigil® Engineered Autologous Tumor Cells (EATCs) immunotherapy platform." Dr. Daniels has twenty years of experience in clinical development, medical affairs, and commercialization. Among Brian's accomplishments are directing the drug development efforts that led to the registration of numerous innovative medicines for the treatment of cancer, HIV, viral hepatitis, depression, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, and rare genetic disorders. Dr. Daniels served as Senior Vice President, Global Development and Medical Affairs, and a member of the Senior Management Team, at Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.  Prior to that, Brian honed his clinical development skills at Merck and Genentech.  Brian currently serves as a Senior Advisor with BCG, and as a Venture Partner at 5AM Ventures in Menlo Park, California. He is a member of the Board for Novo Nordisk A/S and volunteers his time at The Gladstone Institutes at the University of California in San Francisco as a translational partner. "Because Gradalis is a very unusual small company in already having years of clinical research experience, I am pleased that Brian has decided to join the SAB," said Sir Marc Feldmann, Chairman of the Gradalis SAB.  "The science of immuno-oncology is very complex, and it is very helpful to have a clinical development expert on the team to provide his valuable perspective." "It is a pleasure to join the Gradalis SAB," said Dr. Daniels.  "Being an immunologist by training, and having worked on Opdivo® and Yervoy® through development and registration, I am looking forward to helping the Gradalis team and the SAB on Vigil cellular immunotherapy that has the potential of advancing Oncology care." About Vigil EATC: Vigil is an investigational cellular immunotherapy technology that combines the concepts of genetic engineering with the science of immuno-oncology, to enable an immune response to cancer cells. A patient's tumor cells are engineered with a plasmid carrying the gene vector for shRNA Furin and GMCSF to elicit a systemic T-cell directed immune response when administered to the patient through intradermal injections.  By utilizing the patient's own tumor as the antigen source, Vigil EATC is designed to elicit an immune response that is specifically targeted and broadly relevant to each patient's unique tumor antigens.  Vigil EATC is being studied in Ewing's sarcoma and ovarian cancer as a single agent, and in breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and melanoma in combination with PD-L1 inhibitors.  More information about these studies can be found on www.vigilclinicaltrials.com. About Gradalis: Gradalis is a fully integrated biotechnology company based in Dallas, Texas that focuses on the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of novel proprietary personalized cellular immunotherapies to treat cancer. Gradalis operates a cGMP manufacturing facility in Carrolton, Texas. For more information about Gradalis, Inc. please visit www.gradalisinc.com. Gradalis® and Vigil® are registered trademarks of Gradalis, Inc. Opdivo® and Yervoy® are registered trademarks of Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. Gradalis Contact: Beth Kriegel Chief Financial Officer (214) 307-8203   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gradalis-announces-the-appointment-of-dr-brian-daniels-to-the-newly-formed-scientific-advisory-board-300349786.html SOURCE Gradalis, Inc. Related Links http://www.gradalisinc.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Gradalis Announces the Appointment of Dr. Brian Daniels to the Newly Formed Scientific Advisory Board News provided by Gradalis, Inc. Oct 24, 2016, 12:19 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  After-hours buzz: AAL, DAL, UAL & more × × × Modern Medicine Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine featured New cancer drugs may damage the heart By: Marilynn Marchione, The Associated Press Thursday, 3 Nov 2016 | 11:06 AM ET Doctors have found a disturbing downside to some powerful new drugs that harness the immune system to fight cancer, NBC News reports. » Read More The $5.8 billion hidden cost of the flu on the US economy By: Chris Morris, special to CNBC.com Friday, 28 Oct 2016 | 9:54 AM ET Last year the flu cost the economy billions of dollars. This season could be worse, since fewer people are opting for vaccinations. » Read More 10 companies making chemotherapy easier By: Daniel Bukszpan Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 | 9:54 AM ET These innovative companies are working on new methods to make chemotherapy safer, and more tolerable, for cancer patients in America. » Read More Drug breakthrough slowing Alzheimer's By: Susan Caminiti, special to CNBC.com Tuesday, 18 Oct 2016 | 9:21 AM ET A new drug being tested slows Alzheimer's by removing plaque buildup in the brain. It's hope for millions suffering from the disease. » Read More More The market gets its first big genetically designed disaster Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 3:12 PM ET Dominance in the genetic-sequencing market is causing Illumina's decline. A company can be too good and fast at exploiting new technology. The new drugs that could reverse the opioid-addiction epidemic Wednesday, 12 Oct 2016 | 9:38 AM ET Researchers are working on opioids with all the painkilling power of current drugs but with less risk of addiction or overdose. Billions at stake as Bristol-Myers waits its chance to redeem its lung cancer drug Friday, 7 Oct 2016 | 2:41 PM ET Bristol-Myers Squibb's approach to treating lung cancer will have a chance to redeem itself when new data comes out on Sunday. Switch to start-up yields surprising results for Activision employees' insurance Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 2:42 PM ET A switch in health insurers is making a big difference for some employees at Activision Blizzard. This doctor is recreating toys for disabled kids with help from Mattel Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 9:34 AM ET GoBabyGo modifies toys so that children with even the most severe mobility issues can use them. The idea grabbed Mattel's attention. New prostate cancer tests aim to reduce the death rate Monday, 3 Oct 2016 | 9:34 AM ET New non-invasive tests are helping doctors better diagnose what stage prostate cancer patients have so they can forgo risky biopsies. Antibiotics are becoming the David to the Goliath of 'Superbug' infections Sunday, 2 Oct 2016 | 9:11 AM ET Strains of bacteria resistant to antibiotics have been gaining strength and shifting the tide in their favor, a CDC official tells CNBC. Writing a prescription ... for a dose of electricity Thursday, 26 May 2016 | 6:00 AM ET When we think about taking medicines, we imagine popping a pill, or receiving a shot. But a new approach would leverage the body's electrical signals. Latest Special Reports Investor Toolkit Covering the full set of tools and strategies for long-term investors: How to take everyday market fluctuations in stride, and when to know it’s time to take action or protect against a major economic shifts. Advisor Insight Advisor-centric content with guest columns covering practice management, investment strategies and marketing/social media. ETF Strategist Trillions of dollars are invested in exchange-traded funds, and there's a place for them in every investor's portfolio. Health Care Drug price shock: Feds reveal medication costs One anti-anxiety drug, Ativan, had an average unit cost increase of a stunning 1,264 percent between 2014 and 2015 for Medicaid. 'Minibrains' fight Zika Scientists are using "minibrains" to understand how diseases and drugs interact with a normal human brain. California has most to lose if Obamacare repealed As of now, 4.6 million people in California received health coverage funded by the Affordable Care Act. Equipment and Services Health and medical service providers go digital    Practo's Shashank ND explains how he's streamlined the process of tracking medical professionals and appointment bookings. The $5.8 billion hidden cost of the flu on the US economy Last year the flu cost the economy billions. This season could be worse, since fewer people are opting for vaccinations. 10 companies making chemotherapy easier These innovative companies are working on new methods to make chemotherapy safer and more tolerable. Hospitals 'Safety-net' hospitals want probe of EpiPen overcharges Drugmaker Mylan may have overcharged hospitals that serve significant numbers of poor people for lifesaving anti-allergy devices. Blackstone to acquire TeamHealth    The private equity firm is buying TeamHealth for about $3.2-billion. The $5.8 billion hidden cost of the flu on the US economy Last year the flu cost the economy billions. This season could be worse, since fewer people are opting for vaccinations. Health Care IT Drug price shock: Feds reveal medication costs One anti-anxiety drug, Ativan, had an average unit cost increase of a stunning 1,264 percent between 2014 and 2015 for Medicaid. California has most to lose if Obamacare repealed As of now, 4.6 million people in California received health coverage funded by the Affordable Care Act. Medicare costs are up slightly in 2017 That small increase in your Social Security check for next year will go towards your Part B costs. Biotech and Pharma Arthritis drugs are equally dangerous A study comparing three popular arthritis drugs shows they're all about equally safe and equally dangerous, reports NBC. 'Minibrains' fight Zika Scientists are using "minibrains" to understand how diseases and drugs interact with a normal human brain. Biotech's bad year    Top-ranking health care analyst & senior analyst at Evercore ISI, Umer Raffat discusses biotech stocks on Power Lunch. Technology Why Apple could suffer most under Trump A growing threat of a trade war with China has exacerbated problems for Apple, one of the company's biggest critics said. Microsoft investigating GroupMe incident Microsoft is investigating the UPenn cyberbullying incident last week tied to its GroupMe messaging product. Facebook reportedly had fix for fake news Facebook executives were briefed on an update that identified fake news, but it was never released, The Verge reports. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Media Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video GSK files potential $1 billion shingles vaccine for U.S. approval Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Global Energy News | Mon Oct 24, 2016 | 8:22am BST GSK files potential $1 billion shingles vaccine for U.S. approval Signage for GlaxoSmithKline is seen on it's offices in London, Britain, March 30, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo By Ben Hirschler | LONDON LONDON GlaxoSmithKline (GSK.L) has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for U.S. regulatory approval, the drugmaker said on Monday, bringing the potential $1 billion (0.81 billion pound)-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's (MRK.N) rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine remained 90 percent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18 and 70 percent, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Analysts, on average, predict that worldwide sales of Shingrix will reach 856 million pounds ($1.05 billion) in 2021, according to consensus forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters. Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749 million in 2015. GSK's vaccine contains a component from U.S. biotech firm Agenus (AGEN.O), which is entitled to royalties on future sales. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017. (Editing by Susan Fenton and Jason Neely) Next In Global Energy News Army, Interior Department call for more review on Dakota pipeline Federal authorities deferred a final decision on a controversial North Dakota section of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Monday in a statement that highlighted concerns about the "repeated" dispossession of tribal lands in the country's past. UPDATE 4-U.S. Army, Interior Dept call for more review on Dakota pipeline Nov 14 Federal authorities deferred a final decision on a controversial North Dakota section of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Monday in a statement that highlighted concerns about the "repeated" dispossession of tribal lands in the country's past. UPDATE 1-Oil mogul Hamm tops Trump list for U.S. energy secretary - sources NEW YORK, Nov 14 Continental Resources Chief Executive Harold Hamm is at the top of President-elect Donald Trump's list to serve as energy secretary, according to U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota, a Trump energy adviser who confirmed he is also under consideration for the job. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate GSK files $1 b shingles vaccine for US approval Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet London, October 24:   GlaxoSmithKline has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for US regulatory approval, the drugmaker said on Monday, bringing the potential $1 billion-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine remained 90 per cent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18 and 70 per cent, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749 million in 2015. GSK's vaccine contains a component from US biotech firm Agenus, which is entitled to royalties on future sales. (This article was published on October 24, 2016) Related TOPICS chemicals | pharmaceutical | Companies  »  GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants    Tsunami hits New Zealand coast after powerful earthquake    Two killed as powerful earthquake strikes New Zealand    Donald Trump begins forming his team    Trump, Xi establish sense of mutual respect    Does Donald Trump’s victory spell the end of the West?    Raheel orders effective response to Indian firing    Swedish officials quiz Julian Assange at Ecuador embassy in London    COP22 Marrakech: Will Trump’s presidency topple international efforts at climate action?    Alibaba’s Jack Ma to support his 8-year-old look-alike MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Trump says will take $1 as salary with no vacations How Trump’s win can impact Indian IT Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Trump names Priebus, Bannon to key White House roles Global students may shun new, ‘less-welcoming’ US 7.4 magnitude quake rattles New Zealand India-US strategic, defence ties will undergo paradigm shift India, Israel to discuss reviving defence deals, free trade talks during Rivlin visit Trump Administration wants companies to stay in US, rebuild economy Hillary Clinton blames FBI director for her election loss Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Future Group, INI Farms tie up to boost banana, pomegranate output Markets come to a standstill as cash crunch hits traders and farmers Plantation sector in limbo over payment of wages Fruits, veggie trade severely hit Is the North-East monsoon headed for a washout? More » O P E N close Recent Article in World Cooperation is the only choice: China’s Xi tells President-elect Chinese President Xi Jinping told US President-elect Donald Trump in a telephone call that cooperation was the only choice for relations... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search The Launch of Merck's Letermovir for Cytomegalovirus Will Transform the Treatment Paradigm for Transplant Recipients, While the Availability of a New Prophylactic Vaccine and Antibody Will Drive Growth in the Respiratory Syncytial Virus Market News provided by Decision Resources Group Oct 24, 2016, 08:32 ET Share this article BURLINGTON, Mass., Oct. 24, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Decision Resources Group finds that the number of treatment-eligible patients in the Cytomegalovirus (CMV) and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) markets will grow through 2025 in the areas under study. A common feature of the RSV and CMV markets is the high unmet need and commercial opportunity, as affected patients are underserved by the current armamentarium due to the lack of vaccines and safe and effective therapeutics. CMV infections remain especially problematic for transplant recipients, and currently available therapies have safety limitations, underscoring the need for agents with improved safety profiles. Merck & Co.'s letermovir is in late-stage development for CMV and is poised to address this need and is forecasted to transform the transplant sector. RSV infection leads to significant morbidity and mortality in infants born during the RSV season, and elderly patients with weakened immune systems; addressing RSV infection in these key patient groups will drive significant growth in the RSV market. AstraZeneca/AbbVie's Synagis (palivizumab) is currently the only agent approved for RSV, but the prophylactic antibody is only recommended for use in a small group of infants born prematurely. Regeneron's REGN-2222 is expected to expand the treatment-eligible population and Novavax's RSV-F vaccine, if successfully developed, is forecasted to gain uptake in the elderly population. Other key findings from the Niche & Rare Disease Landscape & Forecast reports entitled Cytomegalovirus and Respiratory Syncytial Virus. Epidemiological analysis finds that over 70,000 patients undergo transplantation in the United States and the five major European markets (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom), and are at high risk of complications from CMV infection. The availability of safer CMV therapies will increase the number of patients initiating and remaining on prophylactic therapy, driving overall growth in the market. Previous failures of investigational agents for CMV has stunted market growth in this space. However, interviewed experts remain optimistic that these failures are due to trial design, and that the current pipeline shows promise in addressing CMV. DRG estimates that over 150 million elderly patients and 120,000 infants could be eligible for a RSV vaccine or prophylactic antibody in the markets under study. Comments from Decision Resources Group Analyst Michael Breen, Ph.D.: "Despite the availability of entrenched generics, there is high need for novel antivirals against CMV, given the safety drawbacks associated with current options; further, the constant threat of drug resistance remains a significant concern due to the limited armamentarium." "While the number of patients that could benefit from RSV treatment is significant, the seasonal and acute nature of RSV infections has been a barrier to development of novel antivirals against RSV. Increasing awareness and timely diagnosis of RSV, potentially via the use of rapid diagnostics, will be key to successful development and commercialization of novel antiviral agents." Additional Resources: Decision Resources Group will present a webinar based on this report entitled: The Evolving Market Landscape for Cytomegalovirus Infections. For more information on purchasing this report, please email questions@dresourcesgroup.com. About Decision Resources Group Decision Resources Group offers best-in-class, high-value data, analytics and insights products and services to the healthcare industry, delivered by more than 1,000 employees across 14 global locations. DRG provides the pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device, financial services and payer industries with the tools, insights and advice they need to compete and thrive in an increasingly complex and value-based marketplace. DecisionResourcesGroup.com. Media contact: Ashton Verzone Decision Resources Group everzone@teamdrg.com 781-993-2690 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-launch-of-mercks-letermovir-for-cytomegalovirus-will-transform-the-treatment-paradigm-for-transplant-recipients-while-the-availability-of-a-new-prophylactic-vaccine-and-antibody-will-drive-growth-in-the-respiratory-syncytial-300343407.html SOURCE Decision Resources Group Related Links http://www.decisionresourcesgroup.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: The Launch of Merck's Letermovir for Cytomegalovirus Will Transform the Treatment Paradigm for Transplant Recipients, While the Availability of a New Prophylactic Vaccine and Antibody Will Drive Growth in the Respiratory Syncytial Virus Market News provided by Decision Resources Group Oct 24, 2016, 08:32 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Posted Oct. 24, 2016 at 6:56 a.m. GSK seeks US approval for blockbuster shingles vaccine Published: 2016-10-24 06:56:49 Updated: 2016-10-24 06:56:49 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post GSK's HQ in London Related Blog Posts GSK to pay $20M to resolve SEC charges in China bribery case+ SEC case summary GSK names Emma Walmsley to replace Andrew Witty as CEO GSK sells anesthetic meds to Aspen in $372M deal GSK is No. 1 on Fortune 'Change the World' list; Novozymes 9th, IBM 47th By Wire reports Tags: Biotech & Life Science, GSK Research Triangle Park, N.C. — GlaxoSmithKline is seeking FDA approval for its new shingles vaccine, a drug that analysts say could be a $1 billion-a-year blockbuster. GSK, which has major operations across the Triangle, says the vaccine known as Shindrix would target prevention of herpes zestor, or shingles, in people age 50 and older. The vaccine performed very well in Phase 3 clinical trials. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expect the drug to top $1 billion in revenue by 2021. If approved, Shindrix would compete with Zostavax, a near $750 million-a-year seller in the U.S. It is made by Merck. “Shingles is a common and potentially serious condition. It can cause lasting pain and other complications such as scarring or visual impairment, which can severely impact the quality of people’s lives," said Dr. Emmanuel Hanon, GSK's head of Vaccines R&D, in the announcement which was made in London. "The risk of developing shingles increases with age and it is estimated that up to one in every three people is at risk. Today’s file submission puts us a step closer to making this vaccine available to help protect more people from shingles and the complications associated with it.” GSK's description GSK described the vaccine this way: "The candidate vaccine is a non-live, recombinant vaccine to help prevent shingles and its complications. The phase III clinical trial programme showed that by reducing the incidence of shingles, the candidate vaccine also reduced the overall incidence of postherpetic neuralgia (PHN), a form of chronic pain associated with shingles. Regulatory approval is being sought for the vaccine to be given intramuscularly in two doses, with a two to six month interval between doses." GSK (NYSE: GSK) also is seeking approval for the vaccine in Canada and the EU. Default | Chart | Revenue The Phase 3 trial included more than 37,000 people. Read the full announcement at: http://www.gsk.com/en-gb/media/press-releases/2016/gsk-announces-us-regulatory-submission-of-candidate-vaccine-for-prevention-of-shingles/ WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2016 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. Editor's Blog The latest blog posts from our WRAL TechWire and WRAL editors. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    Healthcare organizations embrace mobile strategy    Good news for fintech: Revenues to double by 2020    Net neutrality at risk? Plus: AT&T-DirecTV data move    Facebook captures nearly 80 percent of online audults Latest Tech News  2ULaundry, pickup and delivery service startup, raises $400K Bunker Labs program receives $1.5M funding boost Earnings: Novan, Argos, TransEnterix, Heat Bio, MaxPoint, ChannelAdvisor Hot Off The Wire Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Following WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Tracking WTW through social media: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science Samsung $8B auto tech play; Facebook glitch; Pfizer price cut; airline computer outage; China's Singles Day 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW week in review, part 2 45 headlines not to be missed: WTW's week in review, part 1 Venture & Innovation  Fundings: Undercover Colors, TCI Software raising cash Hatteras Ventures to manage NC's Venture Capital Multiplier Fund Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Catching up with Lizzie Hazeltine, from Startup Factory to interim editor at ExitEvent CED reports $175M through 62 capital deals in Q3 Google to offer real-time election returns for North Carolina NetApp cuts 6% of work force, won't say how many layoffs to hit RTP  Lenovo exec: Shifting data center, other leaders are moves to 'optimize talent'  Why is RTP such an agtech hot spot? Accelerator CEO explains  AgTech Accelerator closes on $8.5M in additional capital CED counters HB2 blowback with positive 'WhyNC' campaign Lenovo to launch 'Kung Fu' smartphone Nov. 8 Lenovo unveils first US smartphone; 3D version coming Nov. 1 Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband Cisco E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle  Citing need for tech workers, report says computer science ed must be 'urgent priority'  InnovateEDU: A summit to inspire minority, female students to study STEM Copyright © 2016 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad GSK files potential $1 bln shingles vaccine for U.S. approval By Reuters Published: 03:14 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 03:14 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail 14 shares By Ben Hirschler LONDON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline has filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for U.S. regulatory approval, the drugmaker said on Monday, bringing the potential $1 billion-a-year seller a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British company's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's rival shot Zostavax. GSK itself highlighted Shingrix as one of its top near-term pipeline hopes last November, during its first research and development day in more than a decade. The company, which will see Emma Walmsley take over as chief executive in 2017, is seeking to revitalise a drug portfolio hit by falling sales of best-selling inhaled lung treatment Advair. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine remained 90 percent effective in people over age 70, even four years after injections. Zostavax efficacy, by contrast, varies between 18 and 70 percent, and it declines noticeably in older people. People who are 70 years or older are often most at risk from shingles, a painful, itchy rash that results from the reactivation of latent chickenpox virus. The impressive trial results should put Shingrix in a strong competitive position, analysts believe, even though it requires two doses, against just one for Zostavax, and it is also linked to more injection site reactions. Analysts, on average, predict that worldwide sales of Shingrix will reach 856 million pounds ($1.05 billion) in 2021, according to consensus forecasts compiled by Thomson Reuters. Sales of Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine on the market at present, totalled $749 million in 2015. GSK's vaccine contains a component from U.S. biotech firm Agenus, which is entitled to royalties on future sales. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017. ($1 = 0.8191 pounds) (Editing by Susan Fenton and Jason Neely) Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null

MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Legal/Regulatory > J&J exec calls California pricing measure 'misguided' Tweet Jaimy Lee October 24, 2016 J&J exec calls California pricing measure 'misguided' Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Veterans groups have joined drugmakers in their opposition to Proposition 61.  Johnson & Johnson has voiced its opposition to a popular proposition in California that would require drugmakers to charge state agencies the same prices for prescription drugs as the Veterans Affairs department does, with one executive describing the intent of the measure as “misguided.” Joaquin Duato, worldwide chairman of pharmaceuticals at Johnson & Johnson,  told investors last week that Proposition 61 could create access issues for patients. “We don't see Proposition 61 as the right way to try to work on pharmaceutical pricing,” he said during a third-quarter earnings call. “We think it's a misguided action.” See also: Drugmakers explore response to pricing debate Voters are set to vote on the ballot measure on November 8. Also called the California Drug Price Relief Act, it would allow agencies in California to pay the same prices for drugs that the Veterans Affairs department pays, in an effort to lower the state's prescription drug tab. The VA reportedly pays up to 24% less for drugs compared to what other government agencies pay, according to Yes on 61, the organization advocating on behalf of the proposition. About 66% of voters would vote yes on the ballot measure, a poll conducted in early September by USC Dornsife and the Los Angeles Times found. The measure has garnered the support of the AARP, the California Nurses Association, and Sen. Bernie Sanders (D-VT). Despite widespread support for the measure, the degree of financial savings that it could achieve is unclear. The state's Legislative Analyst's Office failed to come up with an estimate of the fiscal impact of the measure, but said that if passed it “may result in a substantial net change in state or local finances.” See also: IMS Health: Drug spend will steadily rise through 2020 To nobody's surprise, drugmakers like Pfizer and Merck are opposed to the measure. Veterans groups, worried about whether it will mean higher prices for them, are also opposed, as is the California Medical Association. The issues of drug pricing and reimbursement, whether through a government agency or a commercial health plan, have become a key issue in the debate about rising U.S. healthcare costs. Once limited to medical circles, the subject has become an election-year issue, with Sanders, Hillary Clinton, and Donald Trump weighing in. At the same time, the CEOs of Mylan, Turing Pharmaceuticals, and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International were hauled before Congress to testify about price hikes of their drugs. At least 14 states, including California, have introduced bills over the last two years that would require transparency about high-priced drugs, according to to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Three bills, two of which failed to move forward, have been introduced in California. See also: Americans are increasingly critical of drug industry, a new poll finds Some drugmakers, including J&J, have acknowledged that the current pricing model no longer serves the pharmaceutical industry, patients, and payers. They are seeking new ways to partner with insurers and PBMs, such as by developing outcomes-based contracts. Allergan publicly announced plans in September to limit price increases of drugs to once a year and no more than 10%. “Pharmaceuticals represent 14% of total expenditures and we understand that we need to work with different stakeholders in order to try to manage our healthcare cost... We have advanced different ideas in that area … such as value-based contracting,” J&J's Duato said during the investor call. Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles The drug industry wins pricing battle in California, likely to fare better with Trump J&J inks Alzheimer's vaccine deal It's time for J&J to challenge the Credo...again J&J opens diabetes training center Drugmakers, facing pricing criticism, sell cures in new ads Related Topics Commercial Election Pricing State Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Legal/Regulatory Drugmakers spar with FDA over proposed DTC animation study MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma Will drugmakers get what they're looking for at this week's FDA off-label hearing? Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 7, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Pfizer expands humanitarian access to Prevnar 13 vaccine Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on President-elect Trump Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers at FDA hearing What's Next for the FDA During the Trump Administration Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Healthcare Legal/Regulatory FDA Pharma Health Influencer 50 People Pricing Election Commercial More in Legal/Regulatory Will he or won't he? Pharma speculates on ... If Trump decides to go after pharma, politicians aren't likely to receive too many "How can you do this? Think about the children!" notes. Pharma pushes to share off-label info with payers ... Insurers and pharmacy benefit managers already have a sophisticated understanding of clinical data, the industry argued. What's Next for the FDA During the Trump ... Expect major changes in the way the FDA does business with drug companies after the Trump administration takes over in January. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Yas Island - Anime + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Dubai News Nation Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Yas Island - Anime Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Olympics 2016 Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Nation > Dubai Rising to the occasion is key to success, say women leaders Rohma Sadaqat /dubai Filed on October 24, 2016 Share More > Vote Dr. Aisha bin Bishr, Director-General, Smart Dubai Office, speaks at the 18th Global Women in Leadership Economic Forum in Dubai on Monday. (Photo by Leslie Pableo) Delegates attend the 18th Global Women in Leadership Economic Forum in Dubai on Monday. (Photo by Leslie Pableo) Women highlight challenges faced during their entrepreneurial journey Challenges remain in the workplace for women, but the key to success is to rise to the occasion and prove yourselves, women leaders at a forum stressed on Monday. Speaking at a panel discussion titled 'Women game changers, disruptors and innovators' at the 18th Women In Leadership Economic Forum, various women spoke about their personal experiences in starting businesses and highlighted some of the challenges they faced on their journey. Alia Khan, chairwoman of the Islamic Fashion & Design Council, spoke about her observations on the role that the Internet played in popularising Islamic fashion in the mainstream fashion industry. "Islamic fashion is disruptive in itself," she said. "With the help of the Internet, we were able to show the whole world what was special about Islamic fashion. Leading the way were the Muslim fashionistas and soon people began noticing. For us, Muslim women, this was not a new phenomenon; but very soon the big mainstream fashion brands began to incorporate the designs into their collections on the red carpet." Khan also spoke about how the Islamic fashion industry is a multi-billion dollar industry today and how there were lots of opportunities for women around the world. "Islamic fashion is built around the principle that you can be fashionable without compromising your values. It is cool, yet disciplined, and rebellious in its own way. And, there is a market for it; not just for Muslim women globally, but for Christian and Jewish women who make up a significant secondary market," she explained.   Bank for poor women Chetna Sinha, founder and chairwoman of the Mann Deshi Foundation, and another speaker at the panel discussion, highlighted her journey in opening a bank in India. "People were shocked and found it difficult to fathom that I was starting a bank for women. More importantly, it was a bank for poor women," she told the audience. "I had observed that women in India were being refused banking services because they were thought of as uneducated and lacking the knowledge to open their own accounts." Sinha also revealed that, like any entrepreneur, she had made mistakes in the beginning of her journey. "We made a lot of mistakes," she said. "What we quickly realised in the beginning was that women were not coming to us after the opening of the bank. Their reason was that a trip to the bank meant a whole day of work wasted. So, we said to ourselves, if they can't come to us, we will go to them. And this became the basis of how we launched our services for these women. We listened to them and quickly found that even though many of these women were not educated, they were extremely intelligent and technology-savvy." Sinha also spoke on the importance of education and having worthy role models for young girls. "Education is undoubtedly important, but it is equally important for young girls to have proper role models who they look up to. It is important to have good role models that inspire you and drive you to set goals for yourselves." Multi-tasking Hala Slieman, general manager for the near east region at Merck, observed that women in the workplace contribute differently to the growth of the economy. This, she said, was because a woman plays multiple roles in the family dynamic. "A woman, especially if she is working, will be responsible for a number of different things, including the health of her family. And we all know that healthy workers perform better at their workplace. For us, there is a lot of value in educating women about preventable diseases, and we all know that prevention is better than cure," she explained. Rapelang Rabana, founder and CEO of Rekindle Learning, also stressed that it was important to empower young girls early on in their lives. "A big shift that needs to happen at the very basic level is to build conviction in young school girls. This empowers them and also encourages them to think about what they want to do and what career path they want to take." - rohma@khaleejtimes.com Rohma Sadaqat I am a reporter and sub-editor on the Business desk at Khaleej Times. I mainly cover and write articles on the UAE's retail, hospitality, travel, and tourism sectors.Originally from Lahore, I have been living in the UAE for more than 20 years. I graduated with a BA in Mass Communication, with a concentration in Journalism, and a double minor in History and International Studies from the American University of Sharjah.If you see me out and about on assignment in Dubai, feel free to stop me, say hello, and we can chat about the latest kitten videos on YouTube. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Nation Dubai Rising to the occasion is key to success, say... Women highlight challenges faced during their entrepreneurial journey READ MORE UAE health They refused to let cancer beat them or their... Khaleej Times spoke to two inspirational cancer survivors in the UAE... READ MORE Business New RAK Port Free Zone area starts operations 'Introducing a free zone alternative within RAK Port will prove... READ MORE General '70% of fire deaths cause due to suffocation' People always try to escape from the fire when an accident happens... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Technology Happy 15th birthday, iPod! A complete history of Apple's game-changing music player READ MORE Dubai Indian expat in coma, brother struggles with... Indian Embassy has already expressed support with repatriation READ MORE Dubai Historic day: New island appears in Dubai The area including Bur Dubai, Oud Metha, Satwa, Karama and Zabeel,... READ MORE Crime Twin sisters caught with 'hashish candies' in... The twin sisters from South Africa, aged 20, stood trial at the Court ... READ MORE   Popular Voted Cricket Kohli breaks two Tendulkar records in a single day 50415 views | 23 October 2016 General Women Business Council member dies in Sharjah villa fire 34803 views | 22 October 2016 Mobiles And the cheapest iPhone 7 in the UAE is at... 24689 views | 23 October 2016 Education The REAL reason DPS Academy is shutting down 22121 views | 23 October 2016 Newsmakers Not honourable work: Handsome Pakistani chaiwala says no to films 19478 views | 22 October 2016 Sharjah Police suspect short circuit as reason for Sharjah villa fire 18538 views | 23 October 2016 MENA Former Qatari Emir Shaikh Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani dies 14928 views | 23 October 2016 Abu Dhabi Khalifa, Mohammed, Hamdan, Fatima born to one mum 13587 views | 23 October 2016 MENA At 500 kg, Egyptian woman is world's fattest 11971 views | 23 October 2016 Offbeat Man sentenced to 1,503 years in prison for raping his teenage daughter 11465 views | 23 October 2016 Mobiles Unlucky 7? This time, iPhone 7 allegedly chars vehicle 9613 views | 23 October 2016 Transport RTA increases Metro trips to meet morning rush 8790 views | 22 October 2016 Region At 500 kgs, is this 36-year-old Arab the world's heaviest woman? 7133 views | 24 October 2016 General WATCH: Born without hands girl creates magic with colours, music in Dubai 6602 views | 22 October 2016 Cricket King Kohli (154 not out) destroys New Zealand 6005 views | 23 October 2016 Philippines This is the tourist visa Filipino drug lord used to enter UAE 837 votes | 17 October 2016 General Pakistanis can now apply for passport renewal online in 16 mins! 342 votes | 17 October 2016 Pakistan This handsome Pakistani 'chaiwala' is breaking the internet 338 votes | 18 October 2016 General No option but to die: Disabled unpaid Indian worker in Dubai 280 votes | 17 October 2016 Rest of Asia Crowd jeers as woman screams in pain during caning 236 votes | 18 October 2016 Auto Special UAE number plates on sale for Dh130 million! 209 votes | 18 October 2016 Technology iPhone 7 has a hidden home button. Click here to locate it 193 votes | 18 October 2016 Crime Dubai man 'leaves woman pregnant after rape' 182 votes | 18 October 2016 Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabian prince's last hours before execution 175 votes | 19 October 2016 Newsmakers Deepika's desi accent in xXx trailer leaves all surprised 144 votes | 18 October 2016 Business Rent an apartment in Dubai for just Dh2,500 142 votes | 20 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistan's chaiwala: The eyes that got the world looking 137 votes | 18 October 2016 Pakistan Pakistani chaiwala turns fashion-wala, becomes model 136 votes | 19 October 2016 Dubai Get 100 free burgers from UAE restaurants! 114 votes | 18 October 2016 General 5 months on 14 Indian sailors in 'pathetic situation' off UAE's coast 108 votes | 19 October 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
BiotechInvesting News Your trusted source for investing success Biotech Member? Login Menu Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Gem Diamond Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis About Resource Investing Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Pharmaceutical Investing Ligand Partner Melinta Therapeutics Submits Baxdela New Drug Application for Hospital-Treated Skin Infections « 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… Global Pharmaceutical Ind… » Chelsea Pratt • October 24, 2016 Add Comment Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ: LGND) partner Melinta Therapeutics, a privately held company developing novel antibiotics to treat serious bacterial infections, announced today that it has submitted New Drug Applications (NDAs) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for approval of IV and oral Baxdela™ (delafloxacin) for the treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Baxdela is an investigational anionic fluoroquinolone with a broad spectrum of antimicrobial activity, including activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Melinta’s NDAs are based on the results of two Phase 3 studies (NCT01811732 and NCT01984684), in both of which Baxdela met the primary endpoint of non-inferiority to a combination regimen of vancomycin plus aztreonam in reducing lesion size at the primary infection site at 48-to-72 hours. In addition, Baxdela met the primary endpoint, the investigator assessment of clinical cure, for the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in both studies. Baxdela was shown to be well-tolerated among Phase 3 study participants, with less than 1% of patients discontinuing for treatment-related adverse events. With the submission, Ligand has earned a $1.5 million milestone payment. If approved, Ligand is entitled to receive a 2.5% royalty on net sales of the IV formulation of Baxdela and an additional $1.5 million approval milestone payment. “Baxdela, if approved, represents a potentially attractive treatment option for the nearly 3 million patients hospitalized annually in the U.S. with serious skin infections,” stated Eugene Sun, M.D., Melinta’s Chief Executive Officer. “These patients have a high rate of treatment failure, and frequently have underlying medical conditions that pose challenges to the choice of antibiotic. Baxdela has been tested in over 2,600 patients to date, and was well-tolerated with fewer than 1% of Baxdela-treated patients discontinuing due to treatment-related adverse events.” Baxdela has been designated a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) by the U.S. FDA, which provides for priority review. According to Melinta’s press release, Melinta could receive a regulatory decision by mid-year 2017 consistent with Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) priority review timelines. “Baxdela has demonstrated in clinical trials a broad spectrum of activity and the ability to treat patients with serious co-morbidities, both of which are compelling characteristics sought by physicians according to our market research. We believe that Baxdela’s ability to treat challenging patients in hospitals will be a major driver of adoption,” concluded John Temperato, Melinta’s President and Chief Operating Officer. “If approved, we plan to support the introduction of Baxdela for the treatment of ABSSSI with a focused acute-care hospital sales force. We believe we can further leverage the resources of such a sales team in the future as we seek to complete clinical studies and file applications to market Baxdela in additional indications such as community-acquired bacterial pneumonia and complicated urinary tract infections.” About Baxdela Baxdela (delafloxacin) is an investigational anionic fluoroquinolone antibiotic for hospital-treated skin infections, known as acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Baxdela has robust in-vitro antimicrobial activity, including activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), a major cause of hospital-treated skin infections, a favorable tolerability profile, and both intravenous and oral dosage forms, which may facilitate hospital discharge. The studies (studies 302 and 303) were Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, active-controlled trials to evaluate IV and oral Baxdela compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam for the treatment of patients with ABSSSI. Both studies met the primary endpoints for efficacy. Overall adverse event rates were similar between treatment arms in the Phase 3 studies, which enrolled over 1,500 individuals. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events in the Phase 3 studies on Baxdela were diarrhea and nausea, which were generally mild and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. The treatment discontinuation rate due to treatment-related adverse events for patients treated with Baxdela in the Phase 3 trials was 0.8%. Unlike some other quinolones, Baxdela has not shown any potential for QT prolongation or phototoxicity in definitive clinical studies. In addition, there were no elevated rates of liver or glucose abnormalities compared to vancomycin plus aztreonam in the clinical studies conducted to date. The 450 mg tablet has been shown to have bioequivalent exposure (area under the curve) to the 300 mg IV dose, and can be dosed without regard to food. There are no anticipated drug-drug interactions with delafloxacin other than co-administration with chelating agents. Melinta is also assessing Baxdela in a clinical trial in patients with hospital-treated community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP) and planning to initiate a clinical trial in complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) in the near future. Baxdela has been designated a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) and has been granted fast track designation for community-acquired bacterial pneumonia by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. About Ligand Pharmaceuticals Ligand is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Our business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Our business model is based on doing what we do best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand’s Captisol® platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. OmniAb® is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono- and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world’s leading pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Gilead, Janssen, Baxter International and Eli Lilly. Follow Ligand on Twitter @Ligand_LGND. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand’s judgment as of the date of this release. These include statements regarding the timing of review and approval, if any, by the FDA of the Baxdela NDA; the timing of the $1.5 million payment payable to Ligand; the potential payments to Ligand upon approval of Baxdela; and the description of the side effects for Baxdela. Actual events or results may differ from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurances that the FDA will approve Baxdela or that, if approved, Melinta will successfully launch Baxdela; the side effects or efficacy of Baxdela may prove different or worse than the results from previous clinical trials; and Baxdela may not be accepted as a treatment option by doctors and other health professionals. In addition, there can be no assurance that Melinta will make the required milestone payment. The failure to meet expectations with respect to any of the foregoing matters may reduce Ligand’s stock price. Additional information concerning these and other important risk factors affecting Ligand can be found in Ligand’s prior press releases available at www.ligand.com as well as in Ligand’s public periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Ligand disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this press release, except as required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Get the Latest Biotech Investing Stock Information Get the latest information about companies associated with Biotech Investing delivered directly to your inbox. Biotech Laguna BlendsNaturally Splendid EnterprisesQ BioMedRespireRx PharmaceuticalsSelect All Select None By selecting company or companies above, you are giving consent to receive email from those companies. And remember you can unsubscribe at any time. According to the World Health Organization, "the pharmaceutical industry is expected to go from $300billion to $400billion within the next 3 years." Click here to download a FREE INN Insider’s Report on the best investment opportunities, trends and strategies for pharmaceutical investing. Return to the Biotech Investing Index Article Meta Data « 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stoc… Global Pharmaceutical Ind… » Related Posts Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: Pharmaceutical News, and Top Pharmaceutical Stocks to Buy Now 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: PTC Therapeutics Gains 88 Percent Big Pharma Wins with the Defeat of Prop 61 Trump Victory Is a Win for Pharma and Biotech Stocks What You Need to Know About Proposition 61 Tags amgen, biopharmaceutical, biotech, biotech industry, celgene, clinical studies, clinical trial, clinical trials, drugs, eli lilly, EMA, endpoint, endpoints, event, FDA, food and drug administration, Gilead, in vitro, infectious disease, lead, leading pharmaceutical companies, ligand, liver, melinta therapeutics, merck, NASDAQ, nda, novartis, Patent, pfizer, pharmaceutical, pharmaceutical companies, pharmaceuticals, President, research, sales, SEC, stock price, Technology, Twitter, zinc supply. Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email (will not be published) (required) Comment Markets Top Resource Stories David Morgan: Gold and Silver Und... 4,334 views Gold Price Dips Post-Election Res... 1,357 views Gold in an Election Year 1,291 views Donald Trump Wins US Presidency B... 718 views 10 Top Silver Stocks on the TSXV 687 views Copper Soars After Trump Victory 648 views Top Technology Stories Trump Win Affects Tech for The Wo... 360 views Tesla’s New Solar Roof Pane... 346 views Top Cloud Security Companies 215 views Cleantech Investing Facts 168 views Tesla buys Germany’s Grohma... 122 views American Manganese Reports: Phase... 92 views Top Life Science Stories Trump Victory Is a Win for Pharma... 1,155 views 5 Biggest Pharmaceutical Companie... 307 views What You Need to Know About Propo... 264 views Big Pharma Wins with the Defeat o... 220 views Top Genetics News Stories of 2016 155 views 5 Top NASDAQ Biotech Stocks: PTC ... 98 views Most Popular Stocks Mettrum Health 357 views Advantage Lithium 226 views Kushtown USA 190 views Naturally Splendid Enterprises 172 views Galaxy Resources 167 views Bullfrog Gold 142 views Tweets by @INN_LifeScience Download Free Reports Resource Investing Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Graphite Investing And Graphite Stocks To Buy “Copper Market Outlook and Copper Companies 2016″ Rare Earth Expert Interviews And Rare Earth Stocks To Buy Lithium Forecast & Lithium Stocks To Buy Potash Stocks and Potash News: Agriculture Investing Opportunities Critical Metals Price Forecast And Stocks To Watch Silver Demand Forecast and Silver Stocks To Buy Potash Market Report: Prices, Production And Trends Uranium Price Forecasts and Top Uranium Stocks to Watch Why Invest in Platinum Stocks? What the Future Could Hold for Lonmin, the AMCU and South African Platinum Production Base Metal Prices And Investing Opportunities Investing in Tungsten: Tungsten Price, Tungsten Demand and Tungsten Companies at a Glance Zinc Market Outlook Coal Price Forecast: Types of Coal, Coal Prices and Coal Stocks Forecasting the Oil Price: Investing Wisely in the Top Oil Producing Countries Palladium Price Forecast: Palladium Investments and Opportunities Investing in Medical Cannabis – Information about Cannabis and Legal Cannabis Stocks Investing in Stornoway Diamonds or Other Canadian Diamond Mines – Beyond the Diamond Price Calculator “Gold Prices In 2016″ Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Trends 2015 and Gold Outlook 2016 Key: Highlights for Investors Lithium in 2016: Stocks, Prices, Analysts and CEO’s Resource Forecast 2016 – Expert Opinions Covering Precious Metals, Energy, Critical Metals, and More Industrial Metals in 2016: Oversupply in Several Markets, but Not All Base Metals in 2016: Opinions from Experts and CEO’s Energy Investing Outlook: Moving Away from Carbon? Agriculture Investing Opportunities: Forecast for 2016 Precious Metals Outlook: CEO’s, Analysts on Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium Critical Metals Outlook: The Potential for 2016 Copper Price Forecast, Trends, and Predictions – Understanding Today’s Copper Price From LME Copper to Copper ETFs Who is Kitco? to US Mint: Sold Out! – Top Articles from Resource Investing News Gold Prices 2016 Investing in Lithium Stocks Post Rockwood Lithium Free Lithium Investing Newsletter Free Uranium Investing Newsletter Life Science Investing Life Science Investing Primer – Finding More Opportunities like Medtronic, Ariad Pharmaceuticals and Pharmacyte. Investing in Pharmaceutical Companies: Pharmaceutical News, and Top Pharmaceutical Stocks to Buy Now Everything You Need to Know About Biotech Investing News From the Top Biotech Companies to the Best Biotech Stocks Life Science & Healthcare Investing in 2016 Tech Investing Understanding Bitcoins: From Bitcoin Mining to the Bitcoin Rate What is Nanotechnology? Nanotech Applications and Nanotech Investing Investing in Graphene Companies: Graphene Cost, Graphene Properties and Graphene Market 3D Printing Market Outlook And 3D Printing Stocks To Buy Tech Forecast And Promising Tech Stocks To Buy In 2016 & 2017 Cleantech Investing: What Clean Technology Investors Need to Know Technology Investing in 2016: Trends and Outlooks for Successful Technology Investing Browse Topics Resource Investing Agriculture Investing Cannabis Investing Phosphate Investing Potash Investing Base Metals Investing Copper Investing Iron Investing Lead Investing Nickel Investing Zinc Investing Critical Metals Investing Cobalt Investing Graphite Investing Magnesium Investing Manganese Investing Rare Earth Investing Scandium Investing Tantalum Investing Tellurium Investing Tungsten Investing Energy Investing Gas Investing Lithium Investing Oil and Gas Investing Oil Investing Uranium Investing Gem Investing Diamond Investing Industrial Metals Investing Aluminum Investing Chromium Investing Coal Investing Molybdenum Investing Tin Investing Vanadium Investing Precious Metals Investing Gold Investing Palladium Investing Platinum Investing Silver Investing Tech Investing 3D Printing Investing App Investing Cleantech Investing Cloud Investing Cybersecurity Investing Data Investing Fintech Investing Graphene Investing Mobile Web Investing Nanotech Investing Life Science Investing Biotech Investing Genetics Investing Longevity Investing Medical Device Investing Pharmaceutical Investing Featured Stocks RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Novel Medicines for Respiratory Diseases Laguna Blends Q BioMedView All Featured Stocks   Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × Privacy & Legal Policy This website is part of the Investing News Network published by Dig Media Inc. Overview Contact Information Information Collected Ad Server Information Use Remarketing Future Use Accessing Your Data Security Your Acceptance of These Terms Overview INN's mission is to be the world's number one source of independent, unbiased news and education helping investors realized their financial goals. We also strive to be internationally respected for our integrity, our people and our commitment to excellence. Therefore, we are very concerned with the privacy rights of our audience and are committed to protecting the information collected about you.We have taken extensive measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to protect your data from misuse and unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Dig Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of the information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Contact Information Our postal address is L200 - 560 Beatty Street, Vancouver, BC V6B 2L3 We can be reached via e-mail at info@digmediasolutions.com or telephone at +1-604-688-8231 Information Collected For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number. The information we collect is used to notify visitors about updates to our website, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact visitors for marketing purposes. With respect to cookies: When you visit our websites, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser during your visit. We use these cookies to maintain your connection as you move from page to page, and to ensure anything you submit, such as a comment or a form, is not rejected. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Ad Server With respect to Ad Servers: Other third-party companies which place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of their cookies or other tracking technologies, which may include delivering targeted advertisements and marketing messages based upon the third party websites that you visit, or other purposes. We cannot control this collection of information and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices of these third party advertisers. You should contact these third party advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect from you. Google-DoubleClick DFP is our third party ad server. If you would like to know more about their information gathering practices and opt-out procedures, please see Google ad policies. Also, if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see NAI Opt-out Options. Information Use We only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of the cases outlined above in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Dig Media, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually. Remarketing We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with INN websites. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by INN to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show INN ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to INN websites. To opt out of customized Google Display Network ads click here. To find out more about how Google uses any data it collects please visit http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Any information collected is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose. Future Use From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically. Accessing Your Data Please contact us at the address above for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. Security With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, or by submitting personal information to us, you signify your agreement to Dig Media's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. From time to time we may change or update our piracy policies. It is your responsibility to check back regularly to inform yourself of such changes. Your continued use of this or any Dig Media website following the posting of changes to these terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. The foregoing policies are in effect as of August 1, 2012. Dig media reserves the right to change this policy statement at any time by posting the revised policy to this website. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. × Manage Account About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Stocks Author Index Keyword Index Browse Topics Advertise Free Reports Events Glossary Press Releases Copyright 2016 © Dig Media Inc. Investing News Network Daily News Resource Investing Precious Metals Gold Silver Platinum Palladium Back Base Metals Copper Nickel Iron Lead Zinc Back Critical Metals Graphite Tungsten Tantalum Scandium Cobalt Magnesium Manganese Tellurium Rare Earth Back Industrial Metals Molybendum Coal Tin Aluminum Vanadium Chromium Back Energy Uranium Oil Gas Oil and Gas Lithium Back Gem Diamond Back Agriculture Potash Phosphate Cannabis Back About Resource Investing Back Technology Investing 3D Printing Cleantech Cloud Data Back Cybersecurity Fintech Graphene Mobile Web Nanotech About Technology Investing Back Life Science Investing Biotech Pharmaceutical Medical Device Genetics About Life Science Investing Back Free Investor Reports Resource Free Reports Technology Free Reports Life Science Free Reports 2016 Outlook Free Reports Back Stocks Resource Investing Technology Investing Life Science Investing CEO Interviews Back
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Hypercholesterolemia Drugs Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Hypercholesterolemia Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 24, 2016 ) Hypercholesterolemia is characterized by high levels of total cholesterol and LDL-C in the blood. High cholesterol levels can cause CVDs such as stroke and atherosclerosis. The typical range of total blood cholesterol is 140-200 mg/dL.Blood cholesterol contains individual components such as LDL-C and HDL-C. LDL carries cholesterol to the body and HDL removes cholesterol from the cells by reversing cholesterol transport to the liver. Publisher's analysts forecast the global hypercholesterolemia drugs market to decline at a CAGR of 6.78% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-hypercholesterolemia-drugs-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global hypercholesterolemia drugs market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of branded, generics, and off-label drugs used to treat hypercholesterolemia. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Hypercholesterolemia Drugs Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AbbVie -Aegerion Pharmaceuticals -AstraZeneca -Merck -Pfizer -Sanofi Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332850/sample Other prominent vendors -Alnylam Pharmaceuticals -Amarin -Amgen -AtheroNova -Aurobindo Pharma -Biocon -Biospherics -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Catabasis Pharmaceuticals -Cerenis Therapeutics -Cipla -CJ HealthCare -CKD Bio -Concord Biotech -CymaBay Therapeutics -Daewoong Pharmaceutical -Daiichi Sankyo -Eli Lilly -Esperion Therapeutics -GlaxoSmithKline -HanAll BioPharma -JW Pharmaceuticals -Kadmon Pharmaceuticals -Kowa Company -Laboratoires -Livzon Pharmaceutical -Lupin Pharmaceuticals -Madrigal Pharmaceuticals -Merz Pharmaceuticals -Mylan -Novartis -Regeneron Pharmaceuticals -ReGenX Biosciences -Santaris Pharma -Serometrix -Sun Pharmaceutical -Arbutus Biopharma -Teva Pharmaceuticals -Torrent Pharmaceuticals -Zydus Cadila Market driver -Rising prevalence of chronic diseases -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Loss of patent exclusivity of branded therapies -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Expected entry of cost-effective OTC versions -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001332850/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook 5:11 P.M. ET Estee Lauder to buy Too Faced for $1.45B, looks to 'win with millennials' 5:10 P.M. ET Einhorn adds Aercap, Calpine, United States Steel, trims Apple stake 5:02 P.M. ET My father-in-law married his girlfriend before he died — she won’t return our calls 5:02 P.M. ET Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing 5:02 P.M. ET SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration 5:00 P.M. ET Nasdaq names Adena Friedman president and CEO Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Open US Market Snapshot Currencies Commodities Home Press Release Ligand Partner Melinta Therapeutics Submits Baxdela New Drug Application for Hospital-Treated Skin Infections By Published: Oct 24, 2016 9:21 a.m. ET Share SAN DIEGO, Oct 24, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated LGND, +2.43% partner Melinta Therapeutics, a privately held company developing novel antibiotics to treat serious bacterial infections, announced today that it has submitted New Drug Applications (NDAs) to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for approval of IV and oral Baxdela™ (delafloxacin) for the treatment of patients with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Baxdela is an investigational anionic fluoroquinolone with a broad spectrum of antimicrobial activity, including activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Melinta’s NDAs are based on the results of two Phase 3 studies (NCT01811732 and NCT01984684), in both of which Baxdela met the primary endpoint of non-inferiority to a combination regimen of vancomycin plus aztreonam in reducing lesion size at the primary infection site at 48-to-72 hours. In addition, Baxdela met the primary endpoint, the investigator assessment of clinical cure, for the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in both studies. Baxdela was shown to be well-tolerated among Phase 3 study participants, with less than 1% of patients discontinuing for treatment-related adverse events. With the submission, Ligand has earned a $1.5 million milestone payment. If approved, Ligand is entitled to receive a 2.5% royalty on net sales of the IV formulation of Baxdela and an additional $1.5 million approval milestone payment. “Baxdela, if approved, represents a potentially attractive treatment option for the nearly 3 million patients hospitalized annually in the U.S. with serious skin infections,” stated Eugene Sun, M.D., Melinta’s Chief Executive Officer. “These patients have a high rate of treatment failure, and frequently have underlying medical conditions that pose challenges to the choice of antibiotic. Baxdela has been tested in over 2,600 patients to date, and was well-tolerated with fewer than 1% of Baxdela-treated patients discontinuing due to treatment-related adverse events.” Baxdela has been designated a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) by the U.S. FDA, which provides for priority review. According to Melinta’s press release, Melinta could receive a regulatory decision by mid-year 2017 consistent with Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) priority review timelines. “Baxdela has demonstrated in clinical trials a broad spectrum of activity and the ability to treat patients with serious co-morbidities, both of which are compelling characteristics sought by physicians according to our market research. We believe that Baxdela’s ability to treat challenging patients in hospitals will be a major driver of adoption,” concluded John Temperato, Melinta’s President and Chief Operating Officer. “If approved, we plan to support the introduction of Baxdela for the treatment of ABSSSI with a focused acute-care hospital sales force. We believe we can further leverage the resources of such a sales team in the future as we seek to complete clinical studies and file applications to market Baxdela in additional indications such as community-acquired bacterial pneumonia and complicated urinary tract infections.” About Baxdela Baxdela (delafloxacin) is an investigational anionic fluoroquinolone antibiotic for hospital-treated skin infections, known as acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI). Baxdela has robust in-vitro antimicrobial activity, including activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), a major cause of hospital-treated skin infections, a favorable tolerability profile, and both intravenous and oral dosage forms, which may facilitate hospital discharge. The studies (studies 302 and 303) were Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, active-controlled trials to evaluate IV and oral Baxdela compared with vancomycin plus aztreonam for the treatment of patients with ABSSSI. Both studies met the primary endpoints for efficacy. Overall adverse event rates were similar between treatment arms in the Phase 3 studies, which enrolled over 1,500 individuals. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events in the Phase 3 studies on Baxdela were diarrhea and nausea, which were generally mild and did not lead to treatment discontinuation. The treatment discontinuation rate due to treatment-related adverse events for patients treated with Baxdela in the Phase 3 trials was 0.8%. Unlike some other quinolones, Baxdela has not shown any potential for QT prolongation or phototoxicity in definitive clinical studies. In addition, there were no elevated rates of liver or glucose abnormalities compared to vancomycin plus aztreonam in the clinical studies conducted to date. The 450 mg tablet has been shown to have bioequivalent exposure (area under the curve) to the 300 mg IV dose, and can be dosed without regard to food. There are no anticipated drug-drug interactions with delafloxacin other than co-administration with chelating agents. Melinta is also assessing Baxdela in a clinical trial in patients with hospital-treated community-acquired bacterial pneumonia (CABP) and planning to initiate a clinical trial in complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) in the near future. Baxdela has been designated a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) and has been granted fast track designation for community-acquired bacterial pneumonia by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. About Ligand Pharmaceuticals Ligand is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing or acquiring technologies that help pharmaceutical companies discover and develop medicines. Our business model creates value for stockholders by providing a diversified portfolio of biotech and pharmaceutical product revenue streams that are supported by an efficient and low corporate cost structure. Our goal is to offer investors an opportunity to participate in the promise of the biotech industry in a profitable, diversified and lower-risk business than a typical biotech company. Our business model is based on doing what we do best: drug discovery, early-stage drug development, product reformulation and partnering. We partner with other pharmaceutical companies to leverage what they do best (late-stage development, regulatory management and commercialization) to ultimately generate our revenue. Ligand’s Captisol [®] platform technology is a patent-protected, chemically modified cyclodextrin with a structure designed to optimize the solubility and stability of drugs. OmniAb [®] is a patent-protected transgenic animal platform used in the discovery of fully human mono- and bispecific therapeutic antibodies. Ligand has established multiple alliances, licenses and other business relationships with the world's leading pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis, Amgen, Merck, Pfizer, Celgene, Gilead, Janssen, Baxter International and Eli Lilly. Follow Ligand on Twitter @Ligand_LGND. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand's judgment as of the date of this release. These include statements regarding the timing of review and approval, if any, by the FDA of the Baxdela NDA; the timing of the $1.5 million payment payable to Ligand; the potential payments to Ligand upon approval of Baxdela; and the description of the side effects for Baxdela. Actual events or results may differ from our expectations. For example, there can be no assurances that the FDA will approve Baxdela or that, if approved, Melinta will successfully launch Baxdela; the side effects or efficacy of Baxdela may prove different or worse than the results from previous clinical trials; and Baxdela may not be accepted as a treatment option by doctors and other health professionals. In addition, there can be no assurance that Melinta will make the required milestone payment. The failure to meet expectations with respect to any of the foregoing matters may reduce Ligand's stock price. Additional information concerning these and other important risk factors affecting Ligand can be found in Ligand's prior press releases available at www.ligand.com as well as in Ligand's public periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at www.sec.gov. Ligand disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date of this press release, except as required by law. This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005807/en/ SOURCE: Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Todd Pettingill investors@ligand.com (858) 550-7500 or LHA Bruce Voss bvoss@lhai.com (310) 691-7100 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LGND $109.45 +2.60 (+2.43%) Volume 398.9K Open $107.97 High $110.83 Low $105.40 P/E Ratio 358.73 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.2B LatestNews

International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Science Health GSK GlaxoSmithKline seeks FDA approval for shingles vaccine According to analysts, Shingrix has the potential to earn $1bn annually. By Kedar Grandhi October 24, 2016 11:39 BST Shingrix was one of the 40 plus assets GSK had profiled to investors at its R&D event in November 2015Reuters GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has sought the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for its vaccine Shingrix that could prevent shingles in people aged 50 and above. The British pharmaceutical company revealed on Monday (24 October) that it has submitted a Biologics Licence Application (BLA) to the FDA. Shingles is a painful skin rash caused by the varicella zoster virus. It usually appears in a band, a strip, or a small area on one side of the face or body. Shingles is also called herpes zoster. The Brentford-headquartered company said the vaccine is currently not approved for use anywhere in the world. It is one of its six core areas of scientific research and development (R&D) and is also one of the 40 plus assets it profiled to investors at its R&D event in November 2015. Analysts say Shingrix has the potential to earn $1bn (£0.81bn) annually and see it as one of GSK's most promising products as it has shown better results in elderly recipients than its rival Merck's Zostavax, the only shingles vaccine available in the market currently. In clinical trials, GSK's vaccine reportedly performed better than Zostavax, which had sales of $749m in 2015. While Shingrix was 90% effective in people aged over 70, even four years after injections, Zostavax's efficacy was said to be between 18 and 70%, according to Reuters. Meanwhile, GSK is set to get a new chief executive in 2017 with its consumer healthcare boss Emma Walmsley set to take the lead role once GSK's current CEO Sir Andrew Witty retires in March 2017. Commenting on the Shingrix development, Dr Emmanuel Hanon, SVP of Vaccines R&D at GSK, said in a statement: "Shingles is a common and potentially serious condition. It can cause lasting pain and other complications such as scarring or visual impairment, which can severely impact the quality of people's lives. The risk of developing shingles increases with age and it is estimated that up to one in every three people is at risk. Today's file submission puts us a step closer to making this vaccine available to help protect more people from shingles and the complications associated with it." GSK said apart from the US, it has plans to file for Shingrix regulatory submissions in the European Union and Canada in 2016. It is also planning seek approvals in Japan in 2017. More from IBTimes UK GlaxoSmithKline and Alphabet's Verily partner for development of bioelectronic medicines GSK to invest £275m in Britain in major boost to UK economy Barclays' split from African subsidiary could cost between £500m and £1bn, analyst estimates Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Witnesses of New Zealand Earthquake: "It was horrible" Columnists James Bloodworth “Privileged liberals should accept economics led to Trump's victory – not an upsurge in racism READ MORE Kremlin insider claims Vladimir Putin may quit in 2017 Valery Solovei's interview with Moskovsky Komsomolets was quickly taken down after it was published. Trump's ancestor is 'Viking chief' who helped found early Russian state The newspaper Zavtra traced Trump's lineage back more than a millennium. Usain Bolt intensifies plans to swap athletics for football The nine-time gold medal winner, who will retire from athletics next year, to train with Borussia Dortmund. Was Meghan Markle introduced to the Queen? Stayed with boyfriend Prince Harry in Kensington Palace. Anti-Semitic incidents stoke fear among Jews after Trump win Trump chief strategist Stephen Bannon's ties to anti-Semitic movement sends dread through Jewish community. Homeschool mother let tigers, cougar and skunk roam around her house Police found the dangerous animals when they called at a woman's home in Cypress, Texas. Prostitute killer Rurick Jutting paid for 9-in-a-bed romp with suitcase of cash Sex life of Surrey-born banker under the spotlight after he killed two prostitutes in Hong Kong. Jeremy Corbyn says Trump 'needs to grow up' about immigrants Labour's leader says President-elect Trump needs to realise the importance of Mexicans to the US economy. Phil Collins admits £24.3m divorce from third wife was a 'mistake' Collins and Orianne Cevey reconciled their relationship in 2015, seven years after they divorced. Amazon Black Friday Sales 2016: Day One's deals Amazon UK has exclusive offers over the next 12 days that change everyday – here are the best deals today. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad GSK seeks U.S. approval for shingles vaccine Shingrix By Reuters Published: 02:17 EST, 24 October 2016 | Updated: 02:18 EST, 24 October 2016 e-mail LONDON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - GlaxoSmithKline said on Monday it had filed its shingles vaccine Shingrix for U.S. regulatory approval, bringing the potential blockbuster a step closer to market. Shingrix is viewed by analysts as among the British drugmaker's most promising experimental products, since it has shown greater protection among older recipients than Merck & Co's rival shot Zostavax. GSK said it planned to file Shingrix for European and Canadian approval before the end of this year, with Japan following in 2017. (Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... after her husband Wayne makes I'm A Celebrity debut PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Police: 3 men facing felony charges after assaulting juveniles i - WMBFNews.com, Myrtle Beach/Florence SC, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Decision 2016 Slideshows Viewer Pics Live Links Contests Legal Access Hurricane Matthew WMBF News at 4 Download Our New App Lifestyle SC News Now Text Alerts & Emails WMBF News on Facebook @wmbfnews on Twitter @wmbfnews on Instagram WMBFNews on SnapChat Local Local Professionals Center Angel Tree Grand Strand News Pee Dee News Fit Family Friday Deal Diva Student Spotlight Consider This Missing Persons Pets of the Day Obituaries Business Break Lottery Numbers Memorial Day Bikefest 2016 WEATHER Hurricane Matthew Interactive Radar Hurricane Tracker Weather News Skycam Network Text Alerts & Emails Download the free First Alert Weather App for your Android and iOS devices Midland Weather Radio Protect My House Marine Forecast Terminix Mosquito Forecast SPORTS Extra Point South Carolina Sports Headlines Coastal Carolina Chanticleers National Sports Myrtle Beach Pelicans Sports Video North Carolina Sports Headlines Summer Olympics 2016 in Rio Georgia Sports Headlines Athlete of the Week Darlington Race Day Live VIDEO WMBF INVESTIGATES Submit a News Tip Restaurant Scorecard Government Employee Salary Database Special Reports Archive Special Reports Archives: 2014 Special Reports Archives: 2013 Special Reports Archives: 2012 Special Reports Archives: 2011 Special Reports Archives: 2010 CRIME Mugshots of the Day Horry County Suspect Search Crime in the Grand Strand Crime in the Pee Dee Crime Links Contact Local Law Enforcement Traffic Just Drive Real-time Traffic SCDOT cameras, incident map, and information Family Travel International Travel Gas Price Corner TV What's On Now WMBF News Channel List Grit TV Bounce TV What's On NBC Right This Minute Video Coverage Flip My Food Fix It & Finish It ABOUT US Meet the WMBF Team Advertise with WMBF News Contact WMBF News Digital Sales Closed Captioning Internship Opportunities RSS Employment Tour WMBF News WMBF Public File Shop 84300 Police: 3 men facing felony charges after assaulting juveniles in Easley home 2016-10-24T01:12:53Z2016-10-24T01:33:51Z By Rachel Cumberbatch Email Connect rachel.cumberbatch@foxcarolina.com Kameron Jonrichard Merck (Source: Easley PD) Brody Garred Lewis (Source: Easley PD) Landon Drake Smith (Source: Easley PD) EASLEY, SC (FOX Carolina) - The Easley Police Department has arrested 3 men in connection with a weekend burglary and assault incident, and is seeking more suspects they believe are involved. Lt. Green with the Easley Police Department said the incident occurred early Saturday morning. Officers responded to a call about an assault. Police said the adult suspects broke into a residence on Avalone Circle in Easley and assaulted multiple juvenile victims. Police said the suspects caused injury to victims by repeatedly punching them, and that the suspects broke two windows in the home as well. Police  said the suspects knew the victims well, stating that individuals from the two parties were likely friends and/or acquaintances. The suspects fled the scene after assaulting the victims, according to Lt. Green. He said this is not the first confrontation between the suspects and victims. Several witnesses were also present during the incident. Brodey Garred Lewis, 18, of Pickens, Kameron Jonrichard Merck, 18, of Easley and Landon Drake Smith, 18 of Easley were all taken into custody following the incident. All three are facing charges for first degree burglary, two counts of 3rd degree assault and battery by mob and one count of malicious damage to real property. Lewis, Merck and Smith are being held in police custody and are awaiting bond hearings. Police said they are still investigating what caused the incident, and are looking for other people they believe may have been involved. Copyright 2016 FOX Carolina (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. Local NewsLocalMore>> Actor Daniel Baldwin joins local fight against heroin epidemic Actor Daniel Baldwin joins local fight against heroin epidemic Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:46 PM EST2016-11-14 23:46:28 GMT Actor Daniel Baldwin, standing, addresses a group during a meeting about heroin recovery. (Source: Lisa Gresci) Each day, law enforcement faces the reality of the heroin epidemic nationwide. Now, the question that needs to be answered is how do residents come together as a community and stop this epidemic. More >> Each day, law enforcement faces the reality of the heroin epidemic nationwide. Now, the question that needs to be answered is how do residents come together as a community and stop this epidemic.More >> Breaking Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Fire crews put out blaze at Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:29 PM EST2016-11-14 23:29:46 GMT Old Heafner Tire facility, tire storage unit (Source: Whitney Phelan) Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Florence firefighters responded to a fire at the Old Heafner Tire facility Monday morning at approximately 3:00, according to Florence City Fire Chief Randall Osterman.More >> Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Community activist calls for comprehensive plan to curb violence Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:28 PM EST2016-11-14 23:28:36 GMT Bennie Swans said more communication is needed to tackle gun violence (Source: Amy Lipman) Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough. More >> Community Activist Bennie Swans said recent shootings in Longs show the efforts that have been put forth over the past year to curb gun violence still aren’t enough.More >> Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Elementary students thank Horry County officers for work during Hurricane Matthew Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:16 PM EST2016-11-14 22:16:47 GMT Horry County officers received letters from students thanking them for their work during Hurricane Matthew. (Source: HCPD Facebook page) Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >> Some Horry County fourth-graders took time to thank emergency responders for what they did to keep the community safe during Hurricane Matthew.More >> FIRST ALERT: Dense fog likely for the morning commute Tuesday FIRST ALERT: Dense fog likely for the morning commute Tuesday Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 4:24 PM EST2016-11-14 21:24:00 GMT The morning commute Tuesday could see some slow-downs as dense fog develops overnight.More >> The morning commute Tuesday could see some slow-downs as dense fog develops overnight.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Walmart Black Friday deals of 2016 Updated: Thursday, November 10 2016 12:28 PM EST2016-11-10 17:28:34 GMT Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday. More >> Walmart has released 34 pages of deals that will be available for Black Friday.More >> Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Justin Ross Harris found guilty on all charges in hot car death trial Posted: Wednesday, November 9 2016 4:49 PM EST2016-11-09 21:49:14 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:09 PM EST2016-11-14 23:09:55 GMT Source: WGCL Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Justin Ross Harris has been found guilty on all charges after being accused of leaving his child in a hot car to die back in June 2014.More >> Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Baby severely injured in alleged child abuse; 2 arrested Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:24 AM EST2016-11-14 15:24:47 GMT (Credit: KMOV). Megan Hendricks (left) and Robert Burnette (right) have been arrested and charged for allegedly abusing their 6-month-old son. Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Police have arrested and charged two parents after investigators say the father allegedly shoved his fingers down his 6-month-old son’s throat to stop him from crying.More >> Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Monday is your chance to see largest Supermoon in 68 years Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 12:27 AM EST2016-11-14 05:27:16 GMT image: space.com The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night. More >> The brightest, largest and closest-to-earth full moon in 68 years will be viewable Monday morning and night.More >> Chili's manager takes away vet's free meal on Veterans Day Chili's manager takes away vet's free meal on Veterans Day Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-14 16:38:47 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 11:38 AM EST2016-11-14 16:38:47 GMT The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day. More >> The parent company of Chili's says it wants to make things right after a veteran had his free meal taken away on Veterans Day.More >> 4 tigers found living in woman's home 4 tigers found living in woman's home Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:10 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:32 AM EST2016-11-14 15:32:09 GMT Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing. More >> Court documents show Trisha Meyer kept three tiger cubs, an adult tiger, a fox, a skunk and several monkeys in a home she was leasing.More >> Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Release ordered for 'Making a Murderer' subject Dassey Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 2:39 PM EST2016-11-14 19:39:48 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 3:09 PM EST2016-11-14 20:09:50 GMT Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> Brendan Dassey, the man convicted of a killing in 2007 and made famous in the documentary "Making a Murderer," has been ordered to be freed from prison Monday.More >> Artist group claims responsibility after black figures found hanging at Winthrop's Tillman Hall Artist group claims responsibility after black figures found hanging at Winthrop's Tillman Hall Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 5:10 PM EST2016-11-14 22:10:38 GMT (Photos provided to WBTV) Winthrop University campus police say they are investigating the display of "abstract black spray-painted figures hanging from branches of a nearby tree." More >> Winthrop University campus police say they are investigating the display of "abstract black spray-painted figures hanging from branches of a nearby tree." More >> Video: Mom shields son from dog attack Video: Mom shields son from dog attack Posted: Monday, November 14 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-14 11:18:18 GMT Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 6:18 AM EST2016-11-14 11:18:18 GMT When two dogs attacked, a mother tried to shield her son from their bites, but the boy still ended up with extensive injuries.More >> When two dogs attacked, a mother tried to shield her son from their bites, but the boy still ended up with extensive injuries.More >> Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Attorney sentenced to 12 years for hypnotizing, sexually assaulting female clients Updated: Monday, November 14 2016 10:26 AM EST2016-11-14 15:26:10 GMT Michael Fine (Source: Lorain County Jail) Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >> Michael W. Fine, 59, permanently relinquished his law license last year after one of his clients took recordings of him hypnotizing and sexually abusing her during one of their meetings. More >>    Can't Find Something? 918 Frontage Rd. East Myrtle Beach, SC 29577 (843) 839-9623 FCC Public File sarahmiles@wmbfnews.com (843) 839-9623 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Scientist with ties to SIU reports positive results for genital herpes vaccine Saturday Oct 22, 2016 at 9:30 PM Oct 22, 2016 at 9:30 PM Dean Olsen Staff Writer @deanolsenSJR A Springfield researcher last week reported “stunning reductions” in genital herpes symptoms during the first phase of an overseas clinical trial of his therapeutic herpes vaccine. Though involving only 17 U.S. and British patients with herpes who received a series of three shots over a three-month period in a Caribbean island country, William Halford said he hopes to offer his Theravax vaccine to the general public next year in an as-yet-undetermined foreign country. Halford, whose vaccine is the product of research at Springfield’s Southern Illinois University School of Medicine and is produced in his private company’s downtown laboratory, said he plans to publish full results of the phase 1 trial in a scientific journal in late 2017. But Rational Vaccines, the company he co-founded last year, said in a news release that initial results of the trial, using a live but weakened form of the herpes virus, positions Halford’s Theravax vaccine as “one of the most effective therapeutic vaccines ever created” for people suffering from one of the world’s most common sexually transmitted infections. Can't wait for FDA In the United States, about one in seven people ages 14 to 49 — more than 23 million people — have genital herpes. As many as 3 million suffer herpes outbreaks four to 24 times per year. Worldwide, more than 400 million people have genital herpes, with tens of millions living with chronic symptoms, including chronic pain, that often aren't alleviated with available medical treatments. Halford’s phase 1 study, conducted in the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis — a two-island, sovereign nation about 200 miles southeast of Puerto Rico — met its primary goal of demonstrating “safety and tolerability” in genital herpes patients who had lived with chronic symptoms for one to 25 years, Halford said. “This early phase trial revealed Theravax elicited stunning reductions in herpes symptoms among trial participants,” the Rational Vaccines release says. “Specifically, 17 of 17 participants who received the three-shot vaccine series indicated the live Theravax vaccine was more effective in reducing their genital herpes symptoms than antiviral drugs.”  The patients had taken antiviral drugs for years and decades before they took part in the clinical trial, Halford said. On average, the participants reported a threefold reduction in their number of days with herpes symptoms, according to the release, which says a “functional cure” for herpes “may be on the horizon.” This early phase study, which will conclude in June 2017, didn’t include a “placebo control group,” and the symptoms were self-reported rather than evaluated by a medical professional. It also lacked the number of patients required to thoroughly evaluate the treatment’s effectiveness.  Halford said he was well aware of these limitations. A phase 1 clinical trial that proves safety paves the way for phase 2 and 3 trials that measure effectiveness, he said. The vaccine, which works by stimulating the immune system, holds too much promise for easing human suffering to be delayed by the traditional 20-year process required to bring a vaccine to market in the United States, Halford said. This process is overseen by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Halford isn’t a physician but said the Hippocratic oath that doctors take to “do no harm” makes his next steps clear. Those steps, he said, are similar to those a doctor faces when paramedics carry a gunshot victim into a hospital emergency room. “You should not sit there and confer with your colleagues and attorneys for 10 years while that person bleeds to death,” Halford said. “The next step,” he said, “is to go anywhere in the world where they want a better herpes treatment option and start to develop it. For our company, what makes the most sense is to go to any sovereign nation in the world that is willing to offer the highest level of cooperation and bring potentially life-improving medicine to herpes sufferers ASAP." 'Attenuated' viruses Halford, 48, said he would continue research overseas that eventually could lead to FDA approval of "vaccines within the United States with the potential to alleviate the chronic pain and debilitating symptoms from which far too many herpes sufferers can find no relief with the current standard of medical care offered in the USA." In fact, going overseas could help Rational Vaccines bring a vaccine to market in the United States in fewer than 20 years, said Halford, an SIU associate professor of medical microbiology, immunology and cell biology. Halford said he knows news of his Theravax clinical trial results may invite criticism from other scientists. It’s unusual for an American scientist to go overseas to conduct clinical trials, Halford said, though he noted that the chickenpox vaccine was developed in Japan in 1974, then tested and used in Japan for decades before it was purchased by the pharmaceutical company Merck in the late 1980s. The chickenpox vaccine received FDA approval for use in Americans in the mid-1990s. Moreover, there is continued resistance in the U.S. scientific community to the use of a live, “attenuated” viral vaccine even though the vaccines for chickenpox, measles, mumps, rubella, polio and yellow fever were developed decades ago with live, attenuated viruses. Since the 1970s, genetic-engineering techniques became available that can create alternatives to vaccines with weakened viruses. American scientists now generally think that vaccines with “attenuated” viruses pose unnecessary risks of complications and disease for patients. However, herpes vaccines created with a piece, or protein "subunit" from a virus have failed in decades of clinical trials. Halford's company already has developed a vaccine to prevent genital herpes infection, Profavax, which Halford said is "100 times more effective than the herpes subunit vaccines" that have been tested in U.S. clinical trials over the past 30 years. The next step, he said, is to test Profavax in a phase 1 clinical trial similar to the trial of Theravax. Profavax, he said, could be a boon to partners of people with genital herpes by eliminating their risk of being infected. 'Astounding' results The scientists from SIU and elsewhere at the SIU Technology and Innovation Expo in Chicago on Oct. 13 gave Halford’s presentation of his herpes vaccine trial results a positive reception, according to Dr. Jerry Kruse, dean and provost of SIU School of Medicine. “I hope this works. The initial results are astounding,” Kruse said. Halford is “an outstanding scientist — a genius, actually,” Kruse added. Kruse said Halford’s team, which includes Rational Vaccines employees Joshua Geltz and Ashley Mihalich, is “excellent.” SIU would like to see more of its scientists leverage their research discoveries and create local companies, Kruse said. Dr. David Koelle, an infectious-disease specialist and herpes vaccine researcher at the University of Washington in Seattle, said the track record of live, attenuated vaccines is “good,” but he wouldn’t comment on Halford’s trial until all of the data are available. Koelle said he respects Halford as a scientist, but the “bar for safety in vaccines is extremely high in the United States.” “The evaluation of any vaccine or treatment must be done with the utmost care and oversight,” Koelle said. “It’s important that we balance safety in clinical trials without categorically rejecting promising treatments or vaccines.” Herpes patients in the United States will be encouraged by news of Halford’s trial and won’t mind if a vaccine is developed overseas as long as it’s safe and effective in preventing or treating the infection, according to Fred Wyand, spokesman for the North Carolina-based American Sexual Health Association. “This is something people have talked about for a long time,” he said. “People are clamoring for it.” Global Industry Analysts Inc. have estimated that the global market for treatments to reduce the severity of chronic herpes symptoms will reach $4.8 billion annually by 2017. The global market for Halford’s proposed preventive vaccine, Profavax, could be more than $10 billion per year, he said, because for every herpes sufferer, "there are 30 people who remain vulnerable to contracting genital herpes." SIU owns the patent for the technology Halford developed and would evenly split any royalties with him. Halford, who teaches medical students, said he has no plans to leave SIU or Springfield. “I can use Springfield as a base of operations and go anywhere,” he said. Sad commentary? Rational Vaccine’s chief executive officer Agustin Fernandez III said he isn’t worried about finding investors willing to help Rational Vaccines do research and serve patients in foreign countries. The challenge, he said, is finding investors who share the company’s long-term vision of eradicating genital herpes. About $750,000 has been raised from investors to get the company to this point, Halford said. Fernandez, 40, who said he lives in Los Angeles and New York, is a movie producer and director. He shared an Academy Award in 2014 as executive producer of the short documentary, “The Lady in Number 6,” and he directed the 2015 crime thriller, “Badge of Honor.” Fernandez, who is one of the company’s investors, said he contacted Halford to become involved because of the impact of herpes on people in his life. Fernandez said he has cut back on his film work to devote full time to Rational Vaccines. The fact that the vaccine is being developed overseas is a sad commentary on U.S. regulations, he said. “The concerns of U.S. regulators don’t seem to be in line with patients’ needs,” he said. “The people who need the treatment don’t care where the treatment comes from.”  — Contact Dean Olsen: dean.olsen@sj-r.com, 788-1543, twitter.com/DeanOlsenSJR. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Health Celebrations Beliefs Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications




null
