Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ — ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women – they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director – Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program – Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna” project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrica,Central African Republic,Ethiopia,Ghana,Health,India,Kenya,Liberia,Nigeria,Sierra Leone,Tanzania,Uganda,United Kingdom,Women,MBC,SMS, Arts, Automotive, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Culture, Education, Health, hospital, Markets, Nation, officer, Olympics, private, Science, service, Technology, TV, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lithotripters Market Outlook 2022: Top Companies, Trends and Growth Factors Details for Business Development Next PostNext Marissa Mayer Faces Yahoo Board’s Ire for Security Breaches Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Aera Group Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Feeds Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa Shared Value Summit Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 AfricaBusinessForum.com African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Development Bank Group African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrinection Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AfroChampions Initiative AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility AGYP Aid & International Development Forum AIM Congress Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality ALN Alpha Capital International Ambassade d'Allemagne à Tunis Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Burkina Faso Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Burkina Faso à Paris Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Group Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Arise ASKY Airlines Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd BearingPoint Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge Broadband Networks (CBNL) Cambridge International Examinations Canada - The Prime Minister's Office Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa CashlessAfrica Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Central Bank of Kenya Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Claviger Middle East Climate Investment Funds CNBC Africa Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Deloitte Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Digital Kenya Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Econet Group Edelman Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Ehiedu Iweriebor Eko Atlantic Embassy of Algerie to the United States of America Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Denmark in Ghana Embassy of Denmark in Tanzania Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of Switzerland in Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Mali to the United States of America Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Pretoria Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States in Algiers, Algeria Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta EuroFresh Exotics European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Fairtrade Messe und Ausstellungs GmbH & Co. KG Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research, Switzerland Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, Nigeria Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Federal-Mogul Corporation Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Fondation BGFIBank Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) For Africa Forever Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Fundo Soberano de Angola Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy in Gaborone German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Germany-Africa Business Forum Gigawatt Global Global Event Partners Ltd Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Government of Botswana Government of Canada Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Hotwire Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Indorama Corporation Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kamaleon Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) Kuwait International Health Safety and Environment Conference and Exhibition (KIHSE) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Lebanon International Oil & Gas Summit (LIOG) Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power MAN Diesel & Turbo Mara Foundation Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Media Revolution Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin MicroSave Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Affaires étrangères et de la Coopération de Mauritanie Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministère tunisien des Affaires Etrangères Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd Namibia Embassy in Vienna National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norilsk Nickel Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Oranto Petroleum Ltd Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Cairo Royal Norwegian Embassy in Dar es Salaam Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Embassy in Khartoum Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sabre Safaricom Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Sciences Po Executive Education Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Silvertree Holdings SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd Societe Generale Souq.com South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda StateCraft Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Syngenta Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Tenke Fungurume Mining (TFM) Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Center for Middle Eastern Studies, Harvard University The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Washington, D.C. The Emirates Group The Federal Council, Switzerland The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Holmes Group The MasterCard Foundation The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The Style Group The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International TXF Africa 2017 U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy in Namibia U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber Uganda International Oil and Gas Summit (UIOGS) UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Ghana UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) United Engine Corporation (UEC) United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca UPS Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vardospan Vatican information Service (VIS) Venture Capital for Africa (VC4A) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Vilcek Foundation Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WHO Regional Office for Africa WorkinAfrica.com World Communication Forum Association World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa  - Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan  - Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc  - Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News African mining and energy ministers descend on TXF Africa 2017  - Source: TXF Africa 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit  - Source: Global Event Partners Ltd Go Back Multimedia content Videos (1) Rasha Kelej Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. NTV interview: Merck More Than a Mother Images (14) Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; Liz Mbuthia, Board Member, Women 4 Cancer and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare with women cancer survivors empowered through “Merck More than a Patient” to establish their own businesses to rebuild their lives and become productive members of society Courtesy visit with Kenya’s First Lady: From left to right: Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic; Hon. Virgnie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Margaret Kenyatta, First Lady, Republic of Kenya; Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck Dignitaries at the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi with infertile women who are being supported through ‘Empowering Berna’ Project: Front row (left to right) Hon. Susan Mutua, Women Representative, Machakos; Hon. Joyce Lay, MP Taita Taveta; Hon. Virginie Baiokua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor Nairobi County; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Anne Wamae, Ministry of Health, Kenya and Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Public Sanitation Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare speaks to a young school girl at Olympic School in Nairobi during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls Program” as H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic and Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare listen. The event included the launch of a computer library at the school Pupils at Olympic School in Nairobi demonstrate their interest in technology during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls” Program at the school Beatrice Nyagol, a researcher at Kenya Medical Research Institute, the 1st place winner of 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit ‘Best African Women Researcher Award’ is awarded at home by Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; and H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor, Nairobi County as Prof. George Godia (left) UNESCO Ambassador for Kenya; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Dr. Susan Mboya Kidero look on. The 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit was held in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Beatrice was first awarded High level panel members make their contribution on how to improve access to fertility care in Africa and reduce the stigmatization and discrimination of infertile women through a Culture Shift during the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi. From left to right: Dr. Kamini Rao, Chair Chairperson of International Institute for Training and Research in Reproductive Health, India; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Hon. Virginie Baikoua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister for Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Prof. Joe Leigh Simpson, Immediate Past President of International Federation of Fertility Societies; Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, President, Africa Fertility Society; Dr. Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynecological Endoscopy and Dr. Mohamed Kamal, National Coordinator, Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare engages with Prof. Nicholas Abinya (left) Program Director, Medical Oncology Fellowship Program, University of Nairobi together with the first fellows of the Program – Dr. Boginkosi Shoba from South Africa and Dr. Angela McLigeyo and Dr. Ezzi Mohamed from Kenya on the need for increasing the limited number of qualified oncologists in Africa through the Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program From left to right: Prof. Elijah Ogola, Vice President, Pan African Society of Cardiology; Prof. Frederik Otieno, Endocrinology Specialist; Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Award winners, Elisha Ngetich, Ralph Obure, Ezekiel Osolika, Samuel Mucheru, and Sheila Wambui with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare highlight the urgent need for diabetes and hypertension ambassadors and experts in Africa that the Awards aim to build ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV Merck More Than a Mother- Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1 Watch TV coverage below of the “Merck More than a Mother” and “Merck STEM women and Girls Program” in Nairobi Merck More Than a Mother with Grace Kambini AKA 'Mama Chips' Merck More Than a Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini Links (1) Merck All (16) Source: Merck | Mar 03, 2017 Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa Print Share Favourite Copy text Get source logo VIDEO Rasha Kelej Chief Social Officer of Merck Healthcare. NTV interview: Merck More Than a Mother Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/5633/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ -- ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women - they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV: www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8epfQXl0_E&t=633s; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1: www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_vZLRyLkV8&t=1228s; Watch TV coverage below of the ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM women and Girls Program’ in Nairobi: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8; Coverage of ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’, Kenya on Ebru TV: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8. Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ with Grace Kambini AKA ‘Mama Chips’: www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BdE5i9x02o; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini: https://youtu.be/7VzfaV6inpA. Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; Liz Mbuthia, Board Member, Women 4 Cancer and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare with women cancer survivors empowered through “Merck More than a Patient” to establish their own businesses to rebuild their lives and become productive members of society Download Share Courtesy visit with Kenya’s First Lady: From left to right: Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic; Hon. Virgnie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Margaret Kenyatta, First Lady, Republic of Kenya; Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck Download Share Dignitaries at the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi with infertile women who are being supported through ‘Empowering Berna’ Project: Front row (left to right) Hon. Susan Mutua, Women Representative, Machakos; Hon. Joyce Lay, MP Taita Taveta; Hon. Virginie Baiokua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor Nairobi County; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Anne Wamae, Ministry of Health, Kenya and Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Public Sanitation Download Share Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare speaks to a young school girl at Olympic School in Nairobi during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls Program” as H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady Central African Republic and Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare listen. The event included the launch of a computer library at the school Download Share Pupils at Olympic School in Nairobi demonstrate their interest in technology during the launch of the “Merck STEM for Women and Girls” Program at the school Download Share Beatrice Nyagol, a researcher at Kenya Medical Research Institute, the 1st place winner of 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit ‘Best African Women Researcher Award’ is awarded at home by Dr. Belen Garijo, CEO Merck Healthcare; and H.E. Dr. Evans Kidero, Governor, Nairobi County as Prof. George Godia (left) UNESCO Ambassador for Kenya; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Dr. Susan Mboya Kidero look on. The 2016 UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit was held in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, where Beatrice was first awarded Download Share High level panel members make their contribution on how to improve access to fertility care in Africa and reduce the stigmatization and discrimination of infertile women through a Culture Shift during the “Merck More than a Mother” event in Nairobi. From left to right: Dr. Kamini Rao, Chair Chairperson of International Institute for Training and Research in Reproductive Health, India; Hon. Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya; Hon. Sarah Opendi, Minister of State for Health, Uganda; Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Hon. Virginie Baikoua, Minister for Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Hon. Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister for Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Prof. Joe Leigh Simpson, Immediate Past President of International Federation of Fertility Societies; Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, President, Africa Fertility Society; Dr. Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynecological Endoscopy and Dr. Mohamed Kamal, National Coordinator, Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria Download Share Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare engages with Prof. Nicholas Abinya (left) Program Director, Medical Oncology Fellowship Program, University of Nairobi together with the first fellows of the Program – Dr. Boginkosi Shoba from South Africa and Dr. Angela McLigeyo and Dr. Ezzi Mohamed from Kenya on the need for increasing the limited number of qualified oncologists in Africa through the Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program Download Share From left to right: Prof. Elijah Ogola, Vice President, Pan African Society of Cardiology; Prof. Frederik Otieno, Endocrinology Specialist; Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Award winners, Elisha Ngetich, Ralph Obure, Ezekiel Osolika, Samuel Mucheru, and Sheila Wambui with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare highlight the urgent need for diabetes and hypertension ambassadors and experts in Africa that the Awards aim to build Download Share ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV Download Share Merck More Than a Mother- Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1 Download Share Watch TV coverage below of the “Merck More than a Mother” and “Merck STEM women and Girls Program” in Nairobi Download Share Merck More Than a Mother with Grace Kambini AKA 'Mama Chips' Download Share Merck More Than a Mother - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini Download Share Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program - Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna" project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Africa Central African Republic Ethiopia Ghana Health India Kenya Liberia Nigeria Sierra Leone Tanzania Uganda United Kingdom Women Merck continues to empower Kenyan women through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa NAIROBI, Kenya, March 3, 2017/APO/ -- ‘Merck More than a Mother’ supports infertile women through access to information, health and change of mindset. ‘Merck STEM Program for Women and Girls’ starts today in Kenya. Merck inaugurates ‘OLYMPIC School’ where they equipped the library with a computer lab as part of their program ‘STEM for Women and Girls’ in Africa. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announces their commitment to empower Kenyan women through their ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and the start of ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’ programs. Speaking at the event in Nairobi, Belén Garijo, Member of Executive Board and CEO of Merck Healthcare emphasized: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women - they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering these women through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through ‘Merck More than a Mother’ we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” The day’s program also included a courtesy visit to Kenya’s First Lady H.E. Margaret Kenyatta at State House, Nairobi by the Merck delegation to brief her on the two programs and to explore possible areas of collaboration. The delegation consisted of H.E. Madame Brigitte Touadera, First Lady, Central African Republic; Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare; Virginie Baiokua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, Central African Republic; Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare; Leonard Saika, Director - Regional Head of Social Responsibility & Market Development – Africa, Merck and Lina Ekomo, Central African Republic. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic (CAR) emphasized: “I am very happy to participate in today’s event of ‘Merck More than a Mother’ in Kenya as it follows the one we had for the Central African Republic (CAR) last month. As the champion for the initiative in CAR and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the role that ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is playing to break the stigma around infertile women and to raise awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” “It is very important to empower infertile women through improving access to awareness and fertility care so they can bear children as part of their human rights. In case they can no longer be treated, ‘Empowering Berna’ project will contribute towards empowering and training them to establish their own small business so that they can be independent and re-build their lives – a woman is more than a mother, ‘Empowering Berna’ initiative will prove this every day,” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer  Merck  emphasized. In 2016, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Liberia, Ghana, Central African Republic and Cote d’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through the ‘Empowering Berna’ project. Kenya’s Cabinet Secretary for Health, Cleopa Mailu stated: “As a ministry we are happy with the strategic partnership we have with Merck in Kenya through its Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives which are boosting our healthcare capacity with special focus on diabetes, cancer and infertility which contribute to the country’s economic progression”. “In recognition of the important role women can play in the economic and social development of Africa, Merck is empowering them o participate in STEM where they are currently under-represented, through the ‘Merck STEM Program’ which we are launching today,” Garijo said. Merck will inaugurate their initiative at OLYMYPIC School where they equipped their library with a Computer Lab to encourage young girls to study science and technology as part of their ‘STEM for Girls and Women’ program in Africa. Furthermore, the winners of UNESCO-MARS awards will act as ambassadors in their respective countries. The Governor of Nairobi County, Evans Kidero announced during his keynote speech: “We are happy to partner with reputable and innovative companies such as Merck. We believe that the only way to effectively tackle the health and research related challenges we are facing can only be through establishing Public Private Partnership models in implementing successful programs. The size and complexity of the task is so large that no single organization or institution can manage on its own, so integration of efforts is necessary to achieve the health gains that our nation deserves”. “The Merck STEM Program will encourage our young women and girls to undertake science and technology related courses and make active contribution to the social and economic development of our country”, Kidero added. “Through this program Merck is targeting to empower over 7,000 girls and 60 women researchers across Africa in 2017 through various initiatives which include setting up computer libraries in schools similar to the one we are launching today for the first time in Kenya at Olympic School in Kibera, Nairobi, and appointing the UNESCO-MARS research award winners as ambassadors for the ‘Merck STEM Program’ ” Rasha Kelej added. About ‘Merck STEM for Girls and Women’: “The program started UNESCO-Merck Africa Research Summit (UNESCO-MARS) as its first initiative that has been held annually since 2015. UNESCO-MARS aims to build research capacity and empower young African researchers with special focus on empowering women in the fields of  research and healthcare to raise the level of scientific research in Africa and improve access to health solutions in the continent,” explained Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare. During the 2016 UNESCO-MARS, the ‘Best African Women Researchers Awards’ were launched for the first time with the aim of promoting women in STEM that saw five women researchers from across Africa recognized for the quality of their research. The first award went to Beatrice Nyagol from Kenya Medical Research Institute, who was also celebrated during the event in Nairobi. During the event, a high level panel discussion by fertility experts and policy makers called for action to break the stigma around infertile women; raising awareness about infertility prevention and management; defining policies to regulate ART; improving access to cost effective fertility care by integrating it into public reproductive health services and building fertility care capacity and providing training to African embryologists. The high level panel included: Sarah Opendi, Minister of State of Health, Uganda;  Zuliatu Cooper, Deputy Minister of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone; Virginie Baikoua, Minister of Social Affairs and National Reconciliation, CAR; Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Kenya; Oladapo Ashiru, President of Africa Fertility Society; Joe Simpson, Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies; Paul Le Roux, President of Southern African Society of Reproductive Medicine and Gynaecological Endoscopy; Kamini Rao, Chair International Institute for Training & Research in Reproductive Health, India; Mohamed Kamal, President of Future Assured Foundation, Nigeria and Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare.  In addition to Kenya, ‘Merck More than a Mother’ is already being implemented in Uganda, Ethiopia, Ghana, Liberia, Tanzania, Nigeria, Cote D’Ivoire and CAR. During the event Merck also highlighted other CAP initiatives in Kenya: ‘Merck Cancer Access Program’ which aims to increase the number of qualified oncologists through ‘Merck Africa Oncology Fellowship Program’ in partnership with the University of Nairobi, Kenya and Tata Memorial Hospital in India. Furthermore, Merck aims to support women cancer survivors to establish their own small business so that they can lead an independent and productive life through ‘Merck More than a Patient’ initiative. ‘Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards’ with the aim to building a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe through a one year online diabetes and cardiovascular medicine diploma at University of South Wales, United Kingdom. In 2016 six winners from Kenyan universities received the awards. Watch videos below of TV interviews in Kenya with Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare and Joyce Lay, Member of Parliament, Taita Taveta, Kenya as they speak on infertility and what ‘Merck More than a Mother’ initiative is doing in Africa: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on NTV: www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8epfQXl0_E&t=633s; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer at Merck - TV interview on KBC Channel1: www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_vZLRyLkV8&t=1228s; Watch TV coverage below of the ‘Merck More than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM women and Girls Program’ in Nairobi: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8; Coverage of ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ and ‘Merck STEM for Women and Girls’, Kenya on Ebru TV: https://youtu.be/JlcV3LE3sK8. Watch below videos on the story of Grace Kambini, an infertile woman from Kenya before and after she enrolled in ‘Merck More than a Mother’s’ ‘Empowering Berna’ Program: ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ with Grace Kambini AKA ‘Mama Chips’: www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BdE5i9x02o; ‘Merck More Than a Mother’ - The Story of Empowering Grace Kambini: https://youtu.be/7VzfaV6inpA. Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media contact: Grace Mukasa +254 711 794 081 About Merck Capacity Advancement Program - Merck CAP: The Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP) is a ten-year program aiming to expand professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. Merck CAP signature initiatives include the following: Merck Universities Program, Merck Diabetes and Hypertension Awards, Merck Cancer Access Program, Merck More than a Mother and “Merck STEM Program for Girls and Women”. Twitter handle: MerckCAP Facebook page: Merck Capacity Advancement Program YouTube Channel: Merck Capacity Advancement Program About Merck More than a Mother: The aim is to empower infertile women in Africa through improving access to information, health, change mind-set and economic empowerment. Please visit to www.MerckMoreThanaMother.com for more information. “Merck More than a Mother” Strategy and Objectives: 1.    Create a culture shift to de-stigmatize infertility and to build respect and understanding around infertile women in Africa. 2.    Raise awareness about infertility prevention management and male infertility by integrating the topics into existing healthcare infrastructure, such as HIV, maternal health, and mother and child programs. 3.    Education and training for African embryologists to build the needed capacity. 4.    Supporting policy makers to define artificial reproductive therapy (ART) policies to improve access to regulated fertility care. 5.    Building advocacy and open dialogue and working closely with governments, policy makers, parliaments, healthcare providers, fertility experts and the media to define interventions that will reduce social suffering and improve access to regulated, effective and safe fertility care in Africa. 6.    Empowering infertile women socially and economically through access to education and healthcare, and by changing mind-sets. For example, empowering women who cannot be treated by helping them to start a small business through the “Empowering Berna" project.  Twitter handle: MerckandMothers Facebook page: Merckmorethanamother YouTube: Merck More than a Mother About Merck Cancer Access Program: Merck has started this program in Africa with two initiatives: 1.    Merck Africa Medical Oncology Program The first Medical Oncology Fellowship Program for Sub-Saharan Africa held at the University of Nairobi, Kenya and at Tata Memorial Centre in India, with the aim to increase the limited number of qualified oncologists in the continent. 2.    Merck More than a Patient initiative  In partnership with cancer patients’ organizations across Africa, this will support women cancer survivors to establish small businesses in order to re-build their independent lives and become productive members of society.  Twitter: Merck_MCCP and #MerckCancerTips Facebook: Merck Cancer Control Program YouTube: Merck Cancer Control Program  About Merck Universities Program: The program provides European accredited diabetes and hypertension management for medical undergraduates and postgraduates from African universities. It enables them to become diabetes and hypertension ambassadors across the continent, especially in rural areas. More than 12,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018. Merck launched the “Merck Diabetes Award” and the “Merck Hypertension Award” in March 2016 as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program for Africa and Asia with the aim to build a platform of diabetes and hypertension experts across the globe.  Merck STEM for Women and Girls: Through its annual platform UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit, the Merck STEM program aims to empower young and women African researchers in order to prepare for the road ahead in Africa’s development as an international hub for research excellence and scientific innovation. Furthermore Merck has launched for the first time, “MARS best African Women Researcher Award” to empower women in the fields of Research and healthcare.   Twitter handle: @Merck_MARS Facebook: Merck Africa Research Summit YouTube: Merck Africa Research Summit Please visit www.UNESCO-MARS.com for more information.  To read more about Merck Capacity Advancement Program initiatives in Africa, visit www.Merck-CAP.com and www.Merck-Africa.com.  All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.MerckGroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service.  About Merck: Merck (www.MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News | Mar 06, 2017 The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Global Event Partners Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit The JIES Summit is centered around a world-class programme with speakers from Governments, global energy companies and experts Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy Business Events/Media Advisory South Africa Middle East Ethiopia Nigeria African Development United Kingdom Most viewed Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation | Mar 06, 2017 Press Release on the Russian-South African protocol on reciprocal abolition of visa requirements Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens of Russia and South Africa travelling without the intention of working, studying or living in the other country’s territory, are free from visa requirements Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | Mar 06, 2017 12th Meeting of the Implementation Follow-Up Commission of the Doha Document convenes in Khartoum The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May 2016, also in Khartoum Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | Mar 06, 2017 In Niger, Security Council links aid and development in fight against Boko Haram The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission - Yaounde | Mar 06, 2017 Cameroon: Remarks to the press by Ambassador Matthew Rycroft The UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations was in Cameroon during the UN Security Council visit to the Lake Chad Basin Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Source: MainOne | Mar 03, 2017 Recession: Nigerian businesses can remain profitable with outsourced Data Center and Cloud solutions Leading enterprise businesses in Nigeria have confirmed how MainOne’s data center service has helped reduce their operational and capital expenses while enhancing flexibility and agility Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Facebook | Mar 01, 2017 Facebook's Chief Product Officer visits Ghana to learn from its tech and creative talent Chris’s visit is part of a week-long trip to Nigeria, Ghana and Senegal where Chris is keen to understand how creatives, developers and entrepreneurs are using mobile technology to create services, content and businesses that address local needs Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Brunei Darussalam Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Aera Group Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Feeds Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa Shared Value Summit Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 AfricaBusinessForum.com African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Development Bank Group African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrinection Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AfroChampions Initiative AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility AGYP Aid & International Development Forum AIM Congress Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality ALN Alpha Capital International Ambassade d'Allemagne à Tunis Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Burkina Faso Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Burkina Faso à Paris Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Group Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Arise ASKY Airlines Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd BearingPoint Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge Broadband Networks (CBNL) Cambridge International Examinations Canada - The Prime Minister's Office Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa CashlessAfrica Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Central Bank of Kenya Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Claviger Middle East Climate Investment Funds CNBC Africa Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Deloitte Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Digital Kenya Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Econet Group Edelman Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Ehiedu Iweriebor Eko Atlantic Embassy of Algerie to the United States of America Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Denmark in Ghana Embassy of Denmark in Tanzania Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of Switzerland in Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Mali to the United States of America Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Pretoria Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States in Algiers, Algeria Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta EuroFresh Exotics European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Fairtrade Messe und Ausstellungs GmbH & Co. KG Federal Department of Economic Affairs, Education and Research, Switzerland Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade & Investment, Nigeria Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Federal-Mogul Corporation Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Fondation BGFIBank Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) For Africa Forever Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Fundo Soberano de Angola Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy in Gaborone German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Germany-Africa Business Forum Gigawatt Global Global Event Partners Ltd Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Government of Botswana Government of Canada Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Hotwire Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Indorama Corporation Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kamaleon Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) Kuwait International Health Safety and Environment Conference and Exhibition (KIHSE) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Lebanon International Oil & Gas Summit (LIOG) Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power MAN Diesel & Turbo Mara Foundation Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Media Revolution Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin MicroSave Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Affaires étrangères et de la Coopération de Mauritanie Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministère tunisien des Affaires Etrangères Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd Namibia Embassy in Vienna National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norilsk Nickel Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Oranto Petroleum Ltd Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Cairo Royal Norwegian Embassy in Dar es Salaam Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Embassy in Khartoum Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sabre Safaricom Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Sciences Po Executive Education Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development Silvertree Holdings SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd Societe Generale Souq.com South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda StateCraft Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Syngenta Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Tenke Fungurume Mining (TFM) Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Center for Middle Eastern Studies, Harvard University The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Embassy of the Republic of Angola in Washington, D.C. The Emirates Group The Federal Council, Switzerland The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Holmes Group The MasterCard Foundation The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The Style Group The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International TXF Africa 2017 U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy in Namibia U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber Uganda International Oil and Gas Summit (UIOGS) UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Ghana UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) United Engine Corporation (UEC) United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca UPS Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vardospan Vatican information Service (VIS) Venture Capital for Africa (VC4A) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Vilcek Foundation Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WHO Regional Office for Africa WorkinAfrica.com World Communication Forum Association World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa  - Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan  - Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc  - Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News African mining and energy ministers descend on TXF Africa 2017  - Source: TXF Africa 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit  - Source: Global Event Partners Ltd Multimedia content Documents (3) The Second Study Tour to the Kingdom of Morocco for the Students of FIU - Program Links (1) United Cities and Local Govern... All (4) Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) From 5 to 10 March 2017, the African Local Government Academy (ALGA), a flagship project of the United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) (www.UCLGA.org) and Florida International University (FIU) in the United States have organised a study visit to the Kingdom of Morocco for PhD and Master’s… Read more Share Favourite Print Education Source: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation | Mar 06, 2017 Press Release on the Russian-South African protocol on reciprocal abolition of visa requirements Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens of Russia and South Africa travelling without the intention of working, studying or living in the other country’s territory, are free from visa requirements The Protocol between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of the Republic of South Africa on the reciprocal repeal of visa requirements for foreign travel passports, that was concluded by an exchange of official documents, will come into force on March 30. Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | Mar 06, 2017 12th Meeting of the Implementation Follow-Up Commission of the Doha Document convenes in Khartoum The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May 2016, also in Khartoum The 12th meeting of the Implementation Follow-up Commission (IFC) of the Doha Document for Peace in Darfur (DDPD) was held today in Khartoum, Sudan. The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | Mar 06, 2017 In Niger, Security Council links aid and development in fight against Boko Haram The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world. Addressing media in Niamey, Ambassador Matthew Rycroft… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission - Yaounde | Mar 06, 2017 Cameroon: Remarks to the press by Ambassador Matthew Rycroft The UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations was in Cameroon during the UN Security Council visit to the Lake Chad Basin Speaking to the Cameroonian media on the 3rd of March while visiting the Cameroonian President, H.E. Paul Biya, the UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations and President of the United Nations Security Council for the month of March, Matthew Rycroft, said: "The Security Council has chosen to come to… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: U.S. Embassy - Cairo | Mar 06, 2017 Luxor Wastewater Plant Expansion Promotes Health, Livelihood U.S. Ambassador Stephen Beecroft and Luxor Governor Mohamed Badr participated in a groundbreaking ceremony on March 6 for the expansion of Luxor’s wastewater treatment plant U.S. Ambassador Stephen Beecroft and Luxor Governor Mohamed Badr participated in a groundbreaking ceremony on March 6 for the expansion of Luxor’s wastewater treatment plant. When complete, the expansion will nearly double the capacity of the system to provide wastewater treatment to residents of Luxor and El Bayadeya.   “Effective treatment of wastewater is… Read more Share Favourite Print Multimedia content Images (1) Prince Arthur Eze, Founder and Chairman of Oranto Petroleum Links (1) Atlas-Oranto Group All (2) Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately EPSA contract signed today in Juba for South Sudan acreage. Oranto Petroleum is the 90% shareholder and operator of large Block B3, plans to invest $500 million for exploration and development. Government looks to new entrants to boost oil production. Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s… Read more Share Favourite Print Business Energy Source: International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) | Mar 06, 2017 Somalia: Nutrition centre sees big increase in malnourished children In February 369 new patients were admitted, 40 percent more than February 2016 The number of severely malnourished children seeking urgent, life-saving treatment is on the rise at a nutritional centre in Somalia supported by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC). Drought is tightening its grip on the Horn of Africa nation, leading to fears of famine. Children under five are… Read more Share Favourite Print Health Source: African Union Commission (AUC) | Mar 06, 2017 The Standing Committee of the 2nd ECOSOCC Permanent General Assembly Convenes its 5th Ordinary Session in Cairo Organized by the Citizens and Diaspora Directorate (CIDO) of the African Union Commission, the 5th Ordinary Session took place ahead of the ECOSOCC General Assembly Meeting scheduled for March 2017 and considered what needs to be achieved prior to the GA Meeting The Standing Committee of the 2nd General Assembly of the Economic, Social, and Cultural Council (ECOSOCC) of the African Union (AU), opened its 5th Ordinary Session on Thursday 2nd March, at Fairmont Nile City Hotel, in Cairo, Egypt. Welcoming the participants, Mr. Joseph Chilengi, Presiding Officer of the ECOSOCC, highlighted… Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles | Mar 06, 2017 Vice-President Meriton to attend IORA Summit in Jakarta, Indonesia Officially launched in March 1997, the IORA has, as its main objective, the promotion of sustained growth and balanced development of the region and of its 21 member States The Vice-President of the Republic, Mr Vincent Meriton leaves Seychelles this evening for Jakarta, Indonesia where he will be representing President Danny Faure at the ‘Leaders Summit of the Indian Ocean Rim Association, IORA, which this year is commemoration its 20th anniversary. Officially launched in March 1997, the IORA has, as… Read more Share Favourite Print Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Nigerian Stock Exchange Corporate News | Mar 06, 2017 The Nigerian Stock Exchange X-Gen News Alert - Access Bank Plc Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Global Event Partners Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Major regional Ministers to bring delegations to the 3rd Jordan International Energy Summit The JIES Summit is centered around a world-class programme with speakers from Governments, global energy companies and experts Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy Events/Media Advisory African Development Business South Africa Education France Investment Nigeria Most viewed Source: United Cities and Local Governments of Africa (UCLG Africa) | Mar 07, 2017 Students of Florida International University Explore the Contemporary Problems of Public Administration at Regional and Local Levels in Africa This study visit has been arranged in partnership with the Ecole Nationale Supérieure de l’Administration (ENSA), the University of Al Akhawayn (AUI) and the International University of Rabat (UIR) Read more Share Favourite Print Source: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation | Mar 06, 2017 Press Release on the Russian-South African protocol on reciprocal abolition of visa requirements Under the Protocol’s provisions, citizens of Russia and South Africa travelling without the intention of working, studying or living in the other country’s territory, are free from visa requirements Read more Share Favourite Print Source: African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) | Mar 06, 2017 12th Meeting of the Implementation Follow-Up Commission of the Doha Document convenes in Khartoum The Commission discussed the progress made and the challenges faced in the implementation of the DDPD since its last meeting which was held on 9 May 2016, also in Khartoum Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations (UN) | Mar 06, 2017 In Niger, Security Council links aid and development in fight against Boko Haram The Security Council – which is in the Lake Chad Basin to draw attention to the humanitarian and development needs of a region grappling with Boko Haram's terror – visited for the first time Niger, one of the poorest countries in the world Read more Share Favourite Print Source: British High Commission - Yaounde | Mar 06, 2017 Cameroon: Remarks to the press by Ambassador Matthew Rycroft The UK Permanent Representative to the United Nations was in Cameroon during the UN Security Council visit to the Lake Chad Basin Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: Oranto Petroleum Ltd | Mar 06, 2017 Oranto Launches $500-Million Oil Exploration Campaign in South Sudan Oranto Petroleum will invest $500 million to develop South Sudan’s Block B3, launching a comprehensive exploration campaign starting immediately Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Sage | Mar 06, 2017 Sage Summit Tour sets out a vision to move business builders towards a world of invisible admin by 2020 Sage customers and business partners will hear about the future of work and the next wave of digital transformation at Summit in South Africa Read more Share Favourite Print Source: MainOne | Mar 03, 2017 Recession: Nigerian businesses can remain profitable with outsourced Data Center and Cloud solutions Leading enterprise businesses in Nigeria have confirmed how MainOne’s data center service has helped reduce their operational and capital expenses while enhancing flexibility and agility Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Facebook | Mar 01, 2017 Facebook's Chief Product Officer visits Ghana to learn from its tech and creative talent Chris’s visit is part of a week-long trip to Nigeria, Ghana and Senegal where Chris is keen to understand how creatives, developers and entrepreneurs are using mobile technology to create services, content and businesses that address local needs Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
News Business Gossip Technology Sports Health Lifestyle Jobs Uganda Parliament Gallery Menu A Childless Woman Can Live A Normal Life By Sarah Achen Berna Amullen is a Ugandan woman who suffers from infertility as a result of untreated sexually transmitted disease. She was diagnosed too late to be given proper treatment and she lost the hope of being a mother and is leading a happy life. In her video, she shares her devastating story of mistreatment, discrimination and violence from her husband, family and community as a result of being infertile. Amullen speaks about her attempt to commit suicide and how she was saved at the last minute. The state Minister of Health for General Duties, Hon. Sarah Opendi says that Amullen’s situation is a representation of several women suffering as a result of childlessness across the globe. “In Africa including Uganda, infertile women still suffer discrimination, stigma and ostracism. More often an inability to have a child or to become pregnant results in the woman being greatly isolated, disinherited or assaulted. This sometimes also results in divorce or physical and psychological violence. I am glad to see an initiative that addresses this challenge in the public domain in Africa as it is something that no one talks about and is treated as secret. “Merck more than a mother” is therefore very important for Africa since it aims to define interventions to reduce the stigma and social suffering of infertile women across the continent,” says Opendi during the launch of Merck more than a mother campaign in Uganda Kampala on the 21st of Feb at The Rwenzori Ballroom, Sheraton Hotel. Through “empowering Berna”, Merck in partnership with Ministry of Health inaugurates small businesses established this year to support infertile women across the country. Belen Garijo, Member of the board and CEO of Merck, emphasizes: “I believe in women empowerment and especially childless women-they are mistreated and discriminated in many cultures for being unable to have children and start a family. Empowering them through access to information, health, and change of mind set to remove the stigma of infertility is needed. Through” Merck More than a Mother” we are supporting this strong message together with our partners and we will continue our commitment to improve access to regulated and effective fertility care in Africa.” Opendi adds that infertility can be prevented, cured and treated if a woman discovers she has untreated sexually transmitted diseases and seeks early treatment. Infertility should not be treated as a woman’s problem because in most cases it’s the man with a problem. “We appeal to young girls to seek treatment early for sexual infections to avoid having problems of having children in future,” Opendi says. By June this year, the government will have completed the construction of the women’s hospital at Mulago as this will go a long way to help more women have infertility resolved. 70% of infertile cases due to untreated of sexually transmitted diseases and a total of 15% of women are infertile. 10-15% of couples fail to have children because IVF is costly. Madame Brigitte Touadera, the First Lady of the Central African Republic says: “I am very happy to participate in this launch another milestone “Merck More than a Mother” in Uganda as it follows the one we had for my country last month and in Kenya too. As the champion for the initiative in my country and for Francophone Africa, I acknowledge the social suffering of infertile women go through and the role that Merck is playing to eliminate this suffering and stigmatization by raising awareness about infertility prevention, male infertility and the necessity of a team approach to family building among couples which is very critical for Africa.” Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck healthcare explains: Empowering those women across Ugandan rural setting was very essential, those women suffered great deal of discrimination, violence and isolation. Moreover meeting community members and leaders there to emphasize the importance to change their perception of infertility and infertile women was specific. According to World Health Organization, lower levels of development are thought to be associated with higher levels of non –genetic and preventable causes of infertility such as poor nutrition, untreated sexually transmitted infections, unsafe abortion, consequence of infections caused by the practice of female genital mutilation, exposure to smoking and to leaded petrol and other environmental pollutants. Hence prevention is very important,” Opendi adds. “The businesses established by “Empowering Berna” projects are benefitting over 800 women in many districts in Ugandan who have come together in groups and have been trained and supported to put up bakery, catering and tent hire businesses and more. They are also able to earn an income to support themselves from their own new businesses-they are now ‘more than mothers,” Rasha notes. Over 1000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Tanzania, Central African Republic, Ethiopia, Liberia and Cote D’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives through “Empowering Berna”. Merck More than a Mother campaign was first launched during the International day of women on 8th Feb 2016. Hon. Betty Amongi, chairperson of Uganda Women Parliamentary Association emphasizes: “We will partner with Merck and health ministry to define policies to improve access to safe and effective fertility care, address the need for interventions to reduce stigmatization and social suffering of infertile women and raise awareness about male infertility and the necessity for a team approach to family building among couples.” Several infertile women were mobilized to share their stories and the transformation they have made after Merck established for them small businesses. tags: No Tags RELATED ARTICLES in: Lifestyle, News Post by: Our Reporter Uganda Funeral Services Ltd Marks 20 years in: Lifestyle, News Post by: Staff Writer Uganda Ranked As Best Country To Live In By Expats in: Lifestyle Post by: Our Reporter Tanzania Tourist Guide Charged Over ‘Twisted Translation’ prev post next post News From The Rest Of The Wold Loading... Red Pepper Online  About us Contact us Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Copyright © 2016 Red Pepper Online . All Rights Reserved. Designed by Red Pepper Digital Team.
Skip directly to search Skip directly to A to Z list Skip directly to navigation Skip directly to page options Skip directly to site content Start of Search Controls Search Form Controls Search The CDC Cancel Submit Search The CDC CDC A-Z Index MENU CDC A-Z SEARCH A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Start of Search Controls Search Form Controls Search The CDC Cancel Submit Search The CDC Mumps Note: Javascript is disabled or is not supported by your browser. For this reason, some items on this page will be unavailable. For more information about this message, please visit this page: About CDC.gov. Mumps Home About Mumps Signs & Symptoms Transmission Complications Photos of Mumps Mumps Vaccination Mumps Cases & Outbreaks Questions and Answers for Patients Information for Travelers For Healthcare Providers Laboratory Testing for Mumps Infection Specimen Collection, Storage, and Shipment Questions and Answers about Lab Testing Laboratory Confirmation by IgM Serology Publications and Resources Multimedia MMWR Articles Outbreak Articles Related Links World Health Organization Medline Plus For Healthcare Providers Recommend on Facebook Tweet ShareCompartir On this Page The Virus Clinical Features Background Transmission Complications Mumps during Pregnancy Vaccination Case Classification Reporting Mumps Cases Prevention and Control in Healthcare Settings Controlling Mumps in a School Setting From the Merck Manual Consumer Version, edited by Robert Porter. Copyright 2015 by Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co, Inc, Kenilworth, NJ. Available at merckmanuals.com. Accessed June 2015.  The Virus Mumps is a viral illness caused by a paramyxovirus, a member of the Rubulavirus family. The average incubation period for mumps is 16 to 18 days, with a range of 12 to 25 days. Clinical Features Mumps usually involves pain, tenderness, and swelling in one or both parotid salivary glands (cheek and jaw area). Swelling is first visible in front of the lower part of the ear. It then extends downward and forward as fluid builds up in the skin and soft tissue of the face and neck. Swelling usually peaks in 1 to 3 days and then subsides during the next week. The swollen tissue pushes the angle of the ear up and out. As swelling worsens, the angle of the jawbone below the ear is no longer visible. Often, the jawbone cannot be felt because of swelling of the parotid. One parotid may swell before the other, and in 25% of patients, only one side swells. Other salivary glands (submandibular and sublingual) under the floor of the mouth also may swell but do so less frequently (10%). Nonspecific prodromal symptoms may precede parotitis by several days, including low-grade fever which may last three to four days, myalgia, anorexia, malaise, and headache. Fever may persist for 3 to 4 days. Parotitis, lasts at least 2 days, but may persist longer than 10 days. However, mumps infection may present only with nonspecific or primarily respiratory symptoms, or may be asymptomatic.  Mumps infection is most often confused with swelling of the lymph nodes of the neck. Lymph node swelling can be differentiated by the well-defined borders of the lymph nodes, their location behind the angle of the jawbone, and lack of the ear protrusion or obscuring of the angle of the jaw, which are characteristics of mumps. People with mumps are usually considered most infectious for several days before and after onset of parotitis. Parotitis and Flu While not a common symptom of flu, swelling of their salivary glands (parotitis) has been reported in persons with laboratory-confirmed influenza infections. To learn more, see 2016-2017 Influenza Update for Health Care Providers: Parotitis and Influenza.  Top of Page Background Before there was a vaccine against mumps, the disease was common in the United States and caused complications, such as permanent deafness in children, and occasionally, encephalitis, which could result in death, although very rarely. Before the U.S. mumps vaccination program started in 1967, about 186,000 cases were reported each year, and many more unreported cases occurred. Since the pre-vaccine era, there has been a more than 99% decrease in mumps cases in the United States. From year to year, the number of mumps cases can range from roughly a couple hundred to a couple thousand. However, outbreaks still occasionally occur. In 2006, there was an outbreak affecting more than 6,584 people in the United States, with many cases occurring on college campuses. In 2009, an outbreak started in close-knit religious communities and schools in the Northeast, resulting in more than 3,000 cases. These outbreaks have shown that when people who are sick with mumps have close contact with a lot of other people (such as among students living in dormitories and students and families in close-knit communities) mumps can spread even among vaccinated people. However, outbreaks are much larger in areas where vaccine coverage rates are lower. Transmission The mumps virus replicates in the upper respiratory tract and spreads through direct contact with respiratory secretions or saliva or through fomites. The risk of spreading the virus increases the longer and the closer the contact a person has with someone who has mumps. When a person is ill with mumps, he or she should avoid contact with others from the time of diagnosis until at least 5 days after the onset of parotitis by staying home from work or school and staying in a separate room if possible.  Top of Page Complications Some complications of mumps are known to occur more frequently among adults than children. Death from mumps is exceedingly rare. In recent U.S. mumps outbreaks (2006, 2009 to 2010), orchitis occurred in 3.3 to 10% of adolescent and adult males. In 60% to 83% of males with orchitis caused by mumps, only one testis is affected. Such orchitis, even bilaterally, very rarely causes sterility. Among adolescent and adult females in recent outbreaks, mastitis rates have been ≤1% and oophoritis rates have been ≤1%. Other rare complications of mumps include pancreatitis, deafness, meningitis, and encephalitis, which have occurred in less than 1% of cases in recent U.S. outbreaks. There have been no mumps related deaths reported in the United States during recent mumps outbreaks. Mumps during Pregnancy Like other infections, there is a theoretical risk that mumps during the early months of pregnancy may cause complications. One study from 1966 that was conducted before the introduction of MMR vaccine reported an association between mumps infection during the first trimester of pregnancy and an increase in the rate of spontaneous abortion or intrauterine fetal death1, but was not found in a more recent study2. Another study with methodological flaws showed that congenital malformations may occur from mumps during pregnancy, but because the author did not compare rates with infants born to women not affected with mumps, these findings must be interpreted with caution3; other papers have not reported similar findings4. Learn more about preventing infections during pregnancy. Vaccination Vaccination is the best way to prevent mumps. This vaccine is included in the combination measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) and measles-mumps-rubella-varicella (MMRV) vaccines. Two doses of mumps vaccine are 88% (range 66% to 95%) effective at preventing the disease; one dose is 78% range (49% to 91%) effective. The first vaccine against mumps was licensed in the United States in 1967, and by 2005, high two-dose childhood vaccination coverage reduced disease rates by 99%. The MMR vaccine protects against currently circulating mumps strains. See Mumps Vaccination for vaccination recommendations for different groups.  Top of Page Case Classification For information about how to classify mumps cases, visit the National Notifiable Diseases Surveillance System (NNDSS) page for mumps or the Laboratory Testing Section of the Manual for the Surveillance of Vaccine-Preventable Diseases (5th Edition, 2012), Chapter 9: Mumps. Reporting Mumps Cases Each state and territory has regulations or laws governing the reporting of diseases and conditions of public health importance. These regulations and laws list the diseases that are to be reported and describe those people or groups responsible for reporting, such as healthcare providers, hospitals, schools, laboratories, daycare and childcare facilities, and other institutions. Contact your state health department for reporting requirements in your state. For information about reporting mumps cases to CDC, see the Reporting Section of the Manual for the Surveillance of Vaccine-Preventable Diseases (5th Edition, 2012), Chapter 9: Mumps Mumps in Vaccinated People During mumps outbreaks in highly vaccinated communities, the proportion of cases that occur among people who have been vaccinated may be high (see example below). This should not be interpreted as meaning that the vaccine is not effective. The effectiveness of the vaccine is assessed by comparing the attack rate in people who are vaccinated with the attack rate in those who have not been vaccinated. In outbreaks in highly vaccinated populations, people who have not been vaccinated against mumps usually have a much greater mumps attack rate than those who have been fully vaccinated. Vaccination and Mumps Outbreak: an Example Example: Let’s say that an outbreak occurs among 1,000 people and that 950 of these 1,000 people have received two doses of the vaccine and 50 are unvaccinated (i.e., vaccine coverage is 95%). If there is a 30% attack rate among people who haven’t been vaccinated, 15 unvaccinated people would get the disease. Among the 950 vaccinated people, the attack rate would be 3%, so 29 vaccinated people would get the disease. Therefore, of the 44 people who got sick during the outbreak, the majority (29, or 66%) would have been vaccinated. This doesn’t imply that the vaccine didn’t work. In fact, the people who hadn’t been vaccinated were 10 times more likely to get sick as those who had been vaccinated, it’s just that there were a lot fewer unvaccinated people at risk. Furthermore, if none of the 1,000 people had been vaccinated, the outbreak would have resulted in 300 cases rather than only 44. In this scenario, we would say that the vaccine is 90% effective in preventing the disease after two doses, which is the same as saying that the attack rate in the unvaccinated group is 10 times higher than the attack rate among people who have received two doses of vaccine. The formula to calculate vaccine effectiveness is (attack rate in unvaccinated group minus attack rate in vaccinated group) divided by attack rate in unvaccinated group, or (ARU-ARV)/ARU.  Top of Page Mumps Prevention and Control in Healthcare Settings Mumps transmission in healthcare settings, while not common, has occurred in past outbreaks, involving hospitals and long-term care facilities housing adolescents and adults. Information about what measures to take to prevent and control mumps in healthcare settings can be found under the Healthcare Setting section of the Manual for the Surveillance of Vaccine-Preventable Diseases (5th Edition, 2012), Chapter 9: Mumps Controlling Mumps in a School Setting In school settings, children in kindergarten through 12th grade should have documentation of two doses of MMR vaccine, except students with medical or religious exemptions. For all incidences, consider the entire group that could have been exposed, including the teachers and staff. Teachers and staff should have their immune status verified (vaccination, serologic evidence of immunity, laboratory confirmation of disease, or birth before 1957). All staff should be educated on how to prevent the spread of mumps and signs and symptoms of the disease. Exclusion of susceptible students from schools/colleges affected by a mumps outbreaks (and other, unaffected schools judged by local public health authorities to be at risk for transmitting the disease) should be considered as one way to control mumps outbreaks. Once vaccinated, students can be readmitted to school. Students who have been exempted from mumps vaccination for medical, religious, or other reasons should stay home from the 12th day after they were exposed to mumps through the 25th day after the onset of parotitis in the last person with mumps in the affected school.  Top of Page Footnotes Siegel M, Fuerst HT, Peress NS. Comparative fetal mortality in maternal virus diseases. A prospective study on rubella, measles, mumps, chicken pox and hepatitis. N Engl J Med 1966;274(14):768-71. Enders M, Rist B, Enders G. [Frequency of spontaneous abortion and premature birth after acute mumps infection in pregnancy]. Gynakol Geburtshilfliche Rundsch 2005;45(1):39-43. Bowers D. Mumps during pregnancy. West J Surg Obstet Gynecol 1953;61(2):72-3. Siegel M. Congenital malformations following chickenpox, measles, mumps, and hepatitis. Results of a cohort study. JAMA 1973;226(13):1521-4. Related Links World Health Organization Medline Plus File Formats Help:How do I view different file formats (PDF, DOC, PPT, MPEG) on this site? Adobe PDF file Microsoft PowerPoint file Microsoft Word file Microsoft Excel file Audio/Video file Apple Quicktime file RealPlayer file Text file Zip Archive file SAS file ePub file RIS file Page last reviewed: July 27, 2016 Page last updated: October 24, 2016 Content source: Content source: National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD), Division of Viral Diseases Email Recommend Tweet YouTube Instagram Listen Watch RSS ABOUT About CDC Jobs Funding LEGAL Policies Privacy FOIA No Fear Act OIG 1600 Clifton Road Atlanta, GA 30329-4027 USA 800-CDC-INFO (800-232-4636), TTY: 888-232-6348 Email CDC-INFO U.S. Department of Health & Human Services HHS/Open USA.gov Top
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Boston Angel Investors → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Evestra Signs Deal with Glemark for Generic Version of NuvaRing David Holley March 1st, 2017 @xconholley @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Texas —  San Antonio — Evestra, an early stage drug developer focused on women’s health, has made a deal with the U.S. division of Mumbai-based Glenmark Pharmaceuticals to try to bring its generic version of the NuvaRing birth control product to market. San Antonio-based Evestra’s product is still in development, and the companies say they are hoping to file an abbreviated new drug application to the FDA for regulatory approval in the 2019 fiscal year. The goal is to take a slice of the $576 million in U.S. sales recorded in 2016 by Merck (NYSE: MRK), the maker of NuvaRing. Patents on the NuvaRing delivery system are set to expire in April 2018, according to a regulatory filing, though a couple of lawsuits Merck is involved in may make that date murky. The U.S. division of Glenmark, which is based in Mahwah, NJ, is getting the marketing and distribution rights for the generic drug product in the U.S., as well as an option to commercialize two other vaginal rings in development, Glenmark says. In return, Evestra gets potential milestone and royalty payments as it continues to develop and commercialize the drug, called EVE-119, with Glenmark. Evestra CEO Za’ev Shaked declined to reveal any further specific terms of the deal. Two companies applied to the FDA for approval of generic versions of the NuvaRing—a vaginal ring that delivers a combination of the hormones etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol—sometime during or before 2013, according to court documents and a news release. Merck filed lawsuits against both, claiming infringement on its patent. After a trial for the first lawsuit, which was filed against a subsidiary of then-Dublin-based drug maker Actavis, a court ruled that Merck’s patent was invalid. Merck is in the process of appealing that decision. After a string of acquisitions, Indian pharmaceutical company Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories now owns Actavis’s generic version of NuvaRing. Tikva, Israel-based Teva Pharmaceuticals has the other generic version, and the lawsuit against it was dismissed in December. Merck is also appealing that ruling. The FDA can, at times, grant a period of exclusivity to a generic drug for the first drug maker to apply. Whether or how Evestra might seek approval for the generic product outside of the U.S. is under consideration, Shaked wrote in an e-mail sent by a spokesman. In 2015, Evestra received a $5 million convertible loan from Budapest, Hungary-based healthcare company Gedeon Richter to help develop its pipeline of products. Specifically, the deal centered around two other vaginal ring products, EVE-112 and EVE-116. Those continue to be developed for Richter, Shaked wrote in the e-mail. He has not said whether they are related to the two other rings for the Glenmark deal. A subsidiary of Evestra is also developing an experimental drug for endometriosis, a painful condition related to overgrowth of tissue in the uterus. The company received a $4.6 million grant last month for that work. David Holley is Xconomy's national correspondent based in Austin, TX. You can reach him at dholley@xconomy.com Follow @xconholley Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME San Antonio’s Evestra Takes $5M Loan for Gynecological Treatments Polish Subsidiary of San Antonio Firm Gets $4.6M for Endometriosis StemBioSys Takes In $2.7M, Signs New U.S. Distribution Deal Trending on Xconomy Amid Fake News, Authenticated Reality Launches “The New Internet” Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable No Details Yet, But Genentech Drug Combo Wins in Big Breast Cancer Study X Human Impact of Innovation What are the major innovations that will have the biggest impact on humans—on people’s lives, comfort, health, and security? Find out on April 19 in San Diego! April 19, 2017 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The future of patient-centricity in clinical trials? The benefits & challenges of end of study patient surveys KNect365 Life Sciences The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Drug companies taking financial risks to find a cure for Alzheimer's Thursday Mar 2, 2017 at 10:26 AM Mar 2, 2017 at 10:26 AM Naomi Kresge and Doni Bloomfield Bloomberg Alzheimer's disease is rewriting the rules of drug discovery, with a handful of companies abandoning caution to keep pursuing an elusive hypothesis because the potential payoff is so great.  Even the merely forgetful, whose lives have yet to be derailed by the disease, have become candidates for clinical tests. Scanning the brain for telltale signs of Alzheimer's earlier -- and ratcheting up drug dosage -- may help turn failures into breakthroughs, said Andrea Pfeifer, chief executive officer of AC Immune SA. The Swiss company's partner on its experimental drug, pharmaceutical giant Roche Holding AG, said this week it will embark on a second advanced test, undeterred by a failed intermediate trial. Pfeifer's optimism is a case study of the industry's unusually high risk tolerance on Alzheimer's, where more than 100 experimental drugs have already failed -- with two recent setbacks from Merck and Eli Lilly. Like Roche and its partner, Biogen is chipping away at the same target that has eluded rivals. Merck and Lilly have opted to keep testing their medicines in patients showing only hints of the degenerative disease. Each advanced trial can cost hundreds of millions of dollars, according to Lilly. "It's always a question -- are you throwing good money after bad?" said Birgit Kulhoff, a fund manager for Rahn & Bodmer in Zurich. "If you were to be successful, it would be an extremely big market." Drugs that halt the progress of Alzheimer's disease could be a market worth as much as $30 billion in the U.S. alone, Sanford C. Bernstein analysts estimate. Cancer is the only other disease for which companies are this willing to look deep into a failed study for a positive trend to chase, Kulhoff said, and Alzheimer's tests are probably more expensive because researchers follow patients for longer and monitor them closely. The drugmakers wouldn't disclose how much they have spent on clinical tests. A final-stage trial in Alzheimer's disease can cost north of $200 million, according to Eric Schmidt, an analyst with Cowen. Such a study in a cancer like melanoma would tend to be much smaller and could cost about $50 million to $100 million, he said. Just arranging and administering the brain scans needed to make sure people have signs of the disease cost about $15,000 to $20,000 per person in a small test, according to AC Immune. Roche made its cost-benefit calculation two and a half years ago. Crenezumab, the medicine it's working on with AC Immune, had failed to help patients think more clearly or retrieve memories in a mid-stage trial, a hurdle potential drugs usually must clear before they go into the last, largest and most expensive stage of clinical studies. Instead of abandoning the compound, Roche looked at a trend toward benefit in the least sick patients and spent the next two years figuring out how high it could safely ratchet up the dose. Then last year, it started another 750-patient study, with results expected in 2021. Now it's embarking on a separate trial, also with 750 patients with a very mild form of the disease. It's unclear how that test will differ from the first one. It's also trying a higher dose for another Alzheimer's compound, gantenerumab, after a late-stage trial failure. Both Roche drugs are aimed at protein pieces called beta amyloid that clump together in the brain and are thought to play a role in triggering the disease. Trouble is, so did the Lilly medicine that failed a test in patients last year. Last month's unsuccessful trial from Merck also centered on beta amyloid as a target, although the type of medicine was thought to prevent the substance from forming. Those failures have cast doubt on the whole approach. "Clearly those are two strikes against that theory," Brent Saunders, the chief executive of U.S. specialty-drug maker Allergan Plc, said in New York last week. "My hope is that we'll keep going, but we'll see." Allergan is thinking hard before starting patient trials on an experimental drug that belongs to the same family of drugs as Merck's after seeing the two recent failures, according to Saunders. The company also sells medicines that temporarily ease symptoms of the disease -- the sole form of treatment currently available. Alzheimer's disease is on the rise across wealthy countries as their populations age. Globally, dementia unseated AIDS as one of the top 10 killers in the World Health Organization's latest rankings. "We're not going to have a reversible cure any time in the near future," said Phyllis Ferrell, who leads Lilly's Alzheimer's program. Still, "I think in our lifetime we will have something that slows this disease." Darryle Schoepp, the head of neuroscience research at Merck, acknowledges that the industry may have been "a little too optimistic" about Alzheimer's trials, but said all the years of painful outcomes have taught companies how best to test their theories. While Merck is also looking at what's next beyond beta amyloid, Schoepp says the big unanswered question is whether stopping the buildup before dementia begins can make a dent in the disease -- something it's testing in another big final-stage trial. "The disappointing news is that once you have mild to moderate dementia, stopping the production of plaque will not help you," Schoepp said. Similarly, for AC Immune CEO Pfeifer, all the failures are signposts on the path toward eventual success, as scientists get better at peering into the brain, identifying Alzheimer's potential before patients become very sick and figuring out which antibodies attack amyloid beta at its most toxic stages. She compared the Alzheimer's field to where the study of cancer stood when she was a young oncology researcher at the National Institutes of Health in the U.S. some 30 years ago. "We are now finally getting to the molecular level where I think the science in Alzheimer's has to go," Pfeifer said. "We were just not scientifically exact enough. That's where I have big hopes." Another drugmaker that's faced questions (despite largely positive results) is still gung-ho about the beta amyloid route. Gilmore O'Neil, an executive in clinical development at Biogen, says many industry studies so far have looked at patients who were already so sick that they'd probably be beyond saving even if the hypothesis were true -- or patients that may not have had Alzheimer's disease at all. Brain Swelling After promising initial findings, Biogen pushed its top compound, aducanumab, into final-stage studies immediately without running an intermediate study to confirm the early findings. Subsequent analysis wasn't all positive: lower doses didn't show a cognitive benefit and the drug was linked to a swelling of the brain. Lilly also hasn't abandoned the quest. It has 10 projects being tested in humans, including a molecule, partnered with AstraZeneca Plc, in the same family as the Merck compound that failed most recently. Like other drugmakers, it's seeking earlier patients -- including in some cases people who merely have brain scans showing amyloid and aren't showing signs of forgetfulness at all. "It's like cancer," said Ferrell. "You want to catch it at stage one, not at stage four." - - - With assistance from Jared S. Hopkins About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Find Company: 23abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product PTI comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi, Mar 2:   Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co’s contraceptive product. “Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co’s NuvaRing product — etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...,” Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Development on the vaginal ring product is currently under way and the two companies expect to file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) in fiscal 2019, it added. Under the agreement, Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for the US market and will receive certain milestone payments during various stages of its development, including royalties on net sales, Glenmark said. “The partnership with Evestra... expands our portfolio into a leading non-daily contraceptive option prescribed for millions of women in the US,” Glenmark Pharmaceuticals North America and Global API President Robert Matsuk said. Glenmark has secured exclusive marketing and distribution rights for the product, including an option to commercialise two additional Evestra vaginal ring products, for the US market. Evestra Inc President and CEO Ze’ev Shaked said: “This is an important US-based strategic partnership for Evestra.” By aligning “our efforts, we expect to make great strides in improving women’s healthcare and access to options that are significantly more accessible due to their lower costs”, he added. Merck’s IMS Health NuvaRing registered sales of $768 million in 2016 in the US market, Glenmark said. NuvaRing is an estrogen and progestin combination hormonal contraceptive indicated for use by women to prevent pregnancy, it added. The stock of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was today trading at Rs 920.25 in afternoon on the BSE, down 0.99 per cent from its previous close. (This article was published on March 2, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Glenmark Pharma gets earnings boost Glenmark gets USFDA nod for leukemia treatment drug Glenmark charts out growth on tie-ups, product line-up TOPICS chemicals | pharmaceutical | Companies  »  Glenmark Pharmaceutical Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Mystery Behind Mistry's Exit more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Suzlon likely to bag 250 MW order from Sembcorp Global NCAP crash test: Ford Aspire gets 3-star safety rating, Chevrolet Enjoy fails Chemplast Sanmar to invest ₹425 crore in expansion No buyers for Mallya’s Kingfisher house, Goa Villa Yet again, no bidders for Kingfisher properties Under Armour debuts in India on Amazon Fashion JSW Steel is frontrunner to buy Italy’s Ilva plant Reliance Infra’s project gets CERC’s final tariff approval Herbalife teams up with Syngene to develop, formulate nutrition products NTPC meet on green power DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures LATEST NEWS UP set for final phase of polling on Wednesday, Varanasi in spotlight 5 min. ago Dollar holds gains as US March rate hike seen near certain 14 min. ago Ratan Tata grabs eyeballs at Geneva 18 min. ago Mutual funds asset base jumps to all-time high of Rs 17.89 lakh crore 21 min. ago Eight injured in Bhopal-Ujjain passenger train blast 22 min. ago More » From Business Wire Snapdeal reduces payment time to sellers by 40 per cent Haryana announces integrated aviation hub at Hisar, creating lucrative opportunities for private participation Wipro recognized as best in class technology provider for 2017 by 'Consumer Goods Technology' readers Delta India MCIS organized its Channel Partner Meet for 2017 VIDEOCON d2h signs partnership with Netflix for its HD smart connect O P E N close Recent Article in Companies Ratan Tata grabs eyeballs at Geneva Former Tata group Chairman makes an appearance after four years » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Sorry, requested page was not found! (click to close) Join us! Sign up for our free daily email news briefing and to read articles for free! Login via Facebook / Google Facebook Login Google Login or register with FriedlNews or sign in (if you are already subscribed) or close Your information will never be shared with any third parties and you can unsubscribe at any time. Sign In Free Registration Subscriptions FAQ RSS Follow @FriedlNews March 7, 2017 All times are Vienna time Term ISIN Search Home Bilateral Relations Companies Business Markets Politics Diplomacy People Life & Culture More EU U.S. U.K. Germany France China Japan Italy Western Europe Eastern Europe Russia & CIS Asia Middle East & Africa The Americas Finance Energy Industrials Transport Retail & Consumer Health & Pharmaceuticals Technology Media & Telecoms Professional Services Other Economy Earnings Justice Policies Foreign Trade Insolvencies Doing Business in Austria Austrian Stocks Austrian Bonds Deals Commodities Currencies Real Estate Labor Market Investing in Austria EU Politics International Politics Domestic Politics Government Agencies Embassies & Consulates International Organizations Tourism & Travel Culture Expats Comment Belgium Cyprus Denmark Finland Greece Iceland Ireland Liechtenstein Luxembourg Malta Monaco Norway Portugal Scotland Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands Albania Baltic States Bosnia & Herzegovina Bulgaria Croatia Czech Rep. Estonia Georgia Hungary Kosovo Latvia Lithuania Macedonia Montenegro Poland Romania Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Ukraine Western Balkans Russia Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Uzbekistan Australia Hong Kong India Indonesia Malaysia New Zealand Pakistan Philippines Singapore South Korea Thailand Vietnam Algeria Angola Egypt Iran Israel Libya Mauritius Nigeria Oman Saudi Arabia South Africa Syria The Congo Tunisia Turkey United Arab Emirates Zimbabwe Bolivia Brazil Canada Chile Colombia Cuba Mexico Panama Banks Financial Services Property Insurance Energy Source Mining Oil & Gas Utilities Renewables Construction Automotive Industrial Goods Basic Resources Chemicals Airlines & Airports Shipping Rail Road Latest News EU RBI Hypo Group/Heta Erste Group OMV Telekom Austria Banking Energy Ratings Earnings UN OSCE RZB at Higher Risk of Regulatory Intervention August 31 · Politics - Government Agencies In view of the devaluation of RZB stakes in H1 balance sheets of owner banks RLB OÖ and RLB Steiermark, and of the justifications for that devaluation, Bloomberg reckons there is a higher risk of a regulatory intervention at Raiffeisen Zentralbank. Latest News BIG Federal Property Managing Company's Sales Increased Slightly August 31 Rental income and sales proceeds of federal property managing ... Goals of Austria's OSCE Chairmanship 2017 (August 31) RZB at Higher Risk of Regulatory Intervention (August 31) CA Immo Well Prepared for Merger with Immofinanz (August 26) Conwert EBIT Up 137.4 Percent Y/Y (August 24) Dunkin’ Donuts Struggling in Austria (August 24) All latest news Premium News Goals of Austria's OSCE Chairmanship 2017 August 31 Germany will chair the OSCE until the end of December and will then hand over to Austria in 2017. Austria will promote greater security and stability as ... RZB at Higher Risk of Regulatory Intervention (August 31) C.A.T. Vs. CAT (Caterpillar) (August 24) Salzburger Festspiele Generates EUR 215 Million Added Value per Year (August 22) Austrian Hospitality Group Launches Joint-Venture with Iran (August 22) Electromobility Offers Austria Huge Potential (August 22) Bilateral Relations Goals of Austria's OSCE Chairmanship 2017 August 31 Germany will chair the OSCE until the end of December and will then hand over to Austria in 2017. Austria will promote greater security and stability as ... Dunkin’ Donuts Struggling in Austria (August 24) C.A.T. Vs. CAT (Caterpillar) (August 24) Austrian Hospitality Group Launches Joint-Venture with Iran (August 22) America Movil Reduced Stake in Telekom Austria (July 29) Erste Group Hungary Aims to Become Top Corporate Finance Advisor (July 25) More news Companies BIG Federal Property Managing Company's Sales Increased Slightly August 31 Rental income and sales proceeds of federal property managing ... CA Immo Well Prepared for Merger with Immofinanz (August 26) Conwert EBIT Up 137.4 Percent Y/Y (August 24) Dunkin’ Donuts Struggling in Austria (August 24) C.A.T. Vs. CAT (Caterpillar) (August 24) Salzburger Festspiele Generates EUR 215 Million Added Value per Year (August 22) More news Business Conwert EBIT Up 137.4 Percent Y/Y August 24 Listed property developer Conwert reports that in H1 2016 it generated EBIT of EUR 146 million ... Dunkin’ Donuts Struggling in Austria (August 24) C.A.T. Vs. CAT (Caterpillar) (August 24) Salzburger Festspiele Generates EUR 215 Million Added Value per Year (August 22) Austrian Hospitality Group Launches Joint-Venture with Iran (August 22) America Movil Reduced Stake in Telekom Austria (July 29) More news Markets CA Immo Well Prepared for Merger with Immofinanz August 26 Listed property group CA Immo sees itself well prepared for the planned merger with bigger real estate firm Immofinanz and ... Dunkin’ Donuts Struggling in Austria (August 24) C.A.T. Vs. CAT (Caterpillar) (August 24) Austrian Hospitality Group Launches Joint-Venture with Iran (August 22) Electromobility Offers Austria Huge Potential (August 22) America Movil Reduced Stake in Telekom Austria (July 29) More news Politics Austrian Hospitality Group Launches Joint-Venture with Iran August 22 Austrian hospitality group DoN will provide catering for Iran's rail customers under a joint venture DoNA launched with ... Electromobility Offers Austria Huge Potential (August 22) America Movil Reduced Stake in Telekom Austria (July 29) Grasser Appeals Against Corruption Charges (July 29) Terminal Tower Fraud and Corruption Lawsuit (July 25) Social Progress Index: Austria Ranked 13th (July 25) More news Diplomacy What Role Should the OSCE Play in the Refugee Issue? July 21 Possible roles for the OSCE in the context of the migration and refugee flows across the OSCE area were discussed at a special ... Austrian Ministerial Council Approves EUR 1.5 Mln for Iraq Humanitarian Aid and Resettlement (July 15) Austria Takes Over OSCE Chairmanship: "Need for Decisive Action!" (July 14) OSCE: "Reliable, Affordable and Sustainable Energy Supplies are Prerequisite for Stability and Security" (July 12) Western Balkans Summit was Held in Paris (July 8) Western Balkans Countries Discussed Investment, Jobs and Integration in Vienna (July 8) More news People Grasser Appeals Against Corruption Charges July 29 Former Finance Minister Karl-Heinz Grasser (FPÖ/ÖVP) is defending against charges of corruption ... Erste Group Hungary Aims to Become Top Corporate Finance Advisor (July 25) Austria Takes Over OSCE Chairmanship: "Need for Decisive Action!" (July 14) Best Gaming Technology Acquired by Rival Playtech (July 14) Bank Tax: Reduction and One-Off Payment are Positive Signals (July 13) Christine Muttonen Elected President of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly (July 6) More news Life & Culture Salzburger Festspiele Generates EUR 215 Million Added Value per Year August 22 The president of the Salzburg Festival (Salzburger Festspiele), Helga Rabl-Stadler, presented ... Social Progress Index: Austria Ranked 13th (July 25) Most Expensive Expatriate Cities: Vienna Moves Up to 54th Place Overall in the Index (July 22) Heta Bad Bank Sells Iconic Holiday Inn Sarajevo Hotel (July 20) Chinese Activist Ai Weiwei Displays His Work in Vienna (June 30) International Cuisine and Music Film Festival at City Hall Square (June 29) More news More Social Progress Index: Austria Ranked 13th July 25 Austria has been ranked 13th by NGO Social Progress Imperative, in its Social Progress Index ... In Pursuit of Peace and Security: How Gender Makes a Difference (November 11) Expat Insider: The Hard-Working Austrian Expat (August 27) Expat Insider: Country Report Austria - Safe & Sound (August 25) Low Interest Rates are Costing Every Austrian 2,366 Euro (July 21) Bilderberg 2015: The "World Government" Meets in Austria (June 11) More news Daily News Briefings for Austria's English-speaking Business and Diplomatic Community FriedlNews is Austria's trusted, indispensable source of English-language news and analysis for the powerful network of international professionals and expats in business, finance, investment, politics and diplomacy. Sign up for our free Newsletter and to read articles for free. Markets Data Press Wire OMV has reached an agreement with Uniper for the acquisition of 24.99% of the economic rights in the production of the Yuzhno Russkoye field in Western Siberia for a purchase price of USD 1,850 mn (EUR 1,749 mn) (March 5) OMV Aktiengesellschaft / OMV has reached an agreement for the sale of OMV Petrol Ofisi to Vitol Group (March 3) Andritz AG / Yearly Report (March 3) ANDRITZ GROUP: Solid business development in 2016 (March 3) FWAG: Good Business Results of the Flughafen Wien Group: Further Improvement of Revenue and Earnings Despite High Extraordinary Depreciation of EUR 30.4 Million Due to Negative Runway Ruling (March 1) EANS-Total Voting Rights: Atrium European Real Estate Limited (February 28) Strabag assumes construction of GKI power plant along the river Inn(with document) (February 28) Lenzing AG / Lenzing Management Board Proposes Dividend Increase andPayment of a Special Dividend (February 28) EANS-Total Voting Rights: AGRANA Beteiligungs-AG (February 28) AMAG Austria Metall AG / Significant earnings growth and record shipments in FY 2016 (February 28) Show all Read More Poland Czech Republic Leaders M&A Energy Industry CESEE Banking Industry Monetary Policy Public Debt Exports Germany Construction Industry Labor Market Hungary Economic Growth Earnings Brussels Fiscal Policy Taxation Russia FriedlNet.com Market Reports The Company, Industry and Market Research Reports Store FriedlNet.com is a leading provider of market research and strategic business intelligence. Visit our online store to get instant access to a collection of research from some of the world´s premier market research and associated firms in more than 100 industry segments. www.friedlnet.com   ©1995-2017 Friedl Business Information Contact Press Careers About Us Terms & Conditions Site Security Privacy Sitemap Blogs Advertise Partner
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News NICE Expands Positive Recommendation for Erbitux as First-line Treatment for RAS Wild-type mCRC DARMSTADT, Germany, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Not intended for UK- or US-based media   Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced today that the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has issued a positive Final Appraisal Determination (FAD) recommending the routine National Health Service (NHS) use of Erbitux® (cetuximab) in combination with either FOLFIRI or FOLFOX as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Erbitux has long been established and reimbursed as a first-line standard-of-care treatment option in most European countries and many other countries worldwide. This decision expands the previous NICE recommendation,[1] which endorsed the use of Erbitux in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI solely for patients whose cancer had spread only to the liver (liver-limited disease). It is based on robust data from Phase III clinical studies having demonstrated that Erbitux in combination with either FOLFIRI[2],[3],[4] or FOLFOX,[2],[5],[6] as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC, confers significant benefit in patient outcomes. “Patients with metastatic colorectal cancer in the UK have very limited access to effective first-line treatments,” said Jola Gore-Booth, Founder/CEO of the colorectal cancer patient advocacy group, EuropaColon. “We are therefore delighted with NICE’s decision, as it means there is now more choice for patients in England regarding treatment options that they can benefit from.” Both the European Society for Medical Oncology and the US National Comprehensive Cancer Network clinical guidelines also recommend first-line treatment with Erbitux, in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI, for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[7],[8] Erbitux has obtained marketing authorization in over 90 countries worldwide. To date, more than 480,000 patients with mCRC have been treated with Erbitux. For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About the NICE process  By publishing a Final Appraisal Determination (FAD), the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has made final recommendations on how Erbitux with FOLFOX/FOLFIRI should be used in the NHS. If there are no successful appeals, the final recommendations will be issued as NICE guidance. About mCRC  Approximately half of patients with mCRC have RAS wild-type tumors and half have RAS mutant tumors.[9] Results from studies assessing RAS mutation status in patients with mCRC have shown that anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody therapies, such as Erbitux® (cetuximab), can improve outcomes in patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[2]–[6] Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide, with an estimated incidence of more than 1.36 million new cases annually.[10] An estimated 694,000 deaths from CRC occur worldwide every year, accounting for 8.5% of all cancer deaths and making it the fourth most common cause of death from cancer.[10] Almost 55% of CRC cases are diagnosed in developed regions of the world, and incidence and mortality rates are substantially higher in men than in women.[10] About Erbitux  Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash that seems to be correlated with a good response to therapy. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. References SOURCE Merck KGaA CategoriesUncategorized TagsClinical Trials &amp; Medical Discoveries, Companies, company, formation, Health, invasion, Markets, Science, service, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sobi™ Receives Approval From the European Medicines Agency for Higher capacity Drug Substance Manufacturing for Elocta® Next PostNext Riassunto: Sofinnova Partners raccoglie 106 milioni di euro al primo closing del suo fondo per le biotecnologie industriali Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska NICE Expands Positive Recommendation for Erbitux as First-line Treatment for RAS Wild-type mCRC News provided by Merck KGaA Mar 02, 2017, 02:33 ET Share this article DARMSTADT, Germany, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or US-based media   More patients now able to receive a standard-of-care treatment with Erbitux plus FOLFIRI or FOLFOX  NICE's recommendation is a significant step forward in Merck's aspiration to ensure cancer patients have optimal access to effective treatments worldwide  Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced today that the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has issued a positive Final Appraisal Determination (FAD) recommending the routine National Health Service (NHS) use of Erbitux® (cetuximab) in combination with either FOLFIRI or FOLFOX as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Erbitux has long been established and reimbursed as a first-line standard-of-care treatment option in most European countries and many other countries worldwide. "The NICE decision is great news for patients and their families in England, as it now means they will have access to this effective first-line treatment," said Maya Martinez-Davis, Global Head of Oncology Franchise for Merck's biopharma business. "Our efforts in working with NICE to reach this important milestone are part of our relentless commitment to bringing tailored, effective therapies to patients worldwide." This decision expands the previous NICE recommendation,[1] which endorsed the use of Erbitux in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI solely for patients whose cancer had spread only to the liver (liver-limited disease). It is based on robust data from Phase III clinical studies having demonstrated that Erbitux in combination with either FOLFIRI[2],[3],[4] or FOLFOX,[2],[5],[6] as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC, confers significant benefit in patient outcomes. "Patients with metastatic colorectal cancer in the UK have very limited access to effective first-line treatments," said Jola Gore-Booth, Founder/CEO of the colorectal cancer patient advocacy group, EuropaColon. "We are therefore delighted with NICE's decision, as it means there is now more choice for patients in England regarding treatment options that they can benefit from." Both the European Society for Medical Oncology and the US National Comprehensive Cancer Network clinical guidelines also recommend first-line treatment with Erbitux, in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI, for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[7],[8] Erbitux has obtained marketing authorization in over 90 countries worldwide. To date, more than 480,000 patients with mCRC have been treated with Erbitux. For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About the NICE process  By publishing a Final Appraisal Determination (FAD), the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has made final recommendations on how Erbitux with FOLFOX/FOLFIRI should be used in the NHS. If there are no successful appeals, the final recommendations will be issued as NICE guidance. About mCRC  Approximately half of patients with mCRC have RAS wild-type tumors and half have RAS mutant tumors.[9] Results from studies assessing RAS mutation status in patients with mCRC have shown that anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody therapies, such as Erbitux® (cetuximab), can improve outcomes in patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[2]-[6] Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide, with an estimated incidence of more than 1.36 million new cases annually.[10] An estimated 694,000 deaths from CRC occur worldwide every year, accounting for 8.5% of all cancer deaths and making it the fourth most common cause of death from cancer.[10] Almost 55% of CRC cases are diagnosed in developed regions of the world, and incidence and mortality rates are substantially higher in men than in women.[10] About Erbitux  Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash that seems to be correlated with a good response to therapy. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of €12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. References National Institute for Health and Care Excellence. Cetuximab for the first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer: TA176. Available from: https://www.nice.org.uk/guidance/TA176/chapter/1-Guidance. Accessed February 2017. Lenz H et al. Ann Oncol 2014;25(Suppl 5):v1-41. Van Cutsem E et al. J Clin Oncol 2015;33(7):692-700. Stintzing S et al. Oral presentation at the 2014 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress, September 26-30, 2014. Abstract No:LBA11. Bokemeyer C et al. J Clin Oncol 2014;32:(Suppl 4): abstr 3505. Qin S, et al. Ann Oncol 2016;27(suppl 4):0-025. Van Cutsem E et al. Ann Oncol 2014;25(Suppl 3):iii 1-9. National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN). Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines). Colon Cancer. Version 2.2016. Available from: http://www.nccn.org/patients. Accessed February 2017. Vaughn CP et al. Genes Chromosomes Cancer 2011;50(5):307−12. Ferlay J, Soerjomataram I, Ervik M, Dikshit R, Eser S, Mathers C, Rebelo M, Parkin DM, Forman D, Bray F. GLOBOCAN 2012 v1.0, Cancer Incidence and Mortality Worldwide: IARC CancerBase No. 11 [Internet]. Lyon, France: International Agency for Research on Cancer. 2013. Available from: http://globocan.iarc.fr. Accessed February 2017. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nice-expands-positive-recommendation-for-erbitux-as-first-line-treatment-for-ras-wild-type-mcrc-300416727.html SOURCE Merck KGaA Related Links http://www.merckgroup.com Nov 18, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses Named 'Top Places to Work' by The Boston Globe My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 18, 2016, 08:00 ETMerck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany's Massachusetts-based Businesses... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries You just read: NICE Expands Positive Recommendation for Erbitux as First-line Treatment for RAS Wild-type mCRC News provided by Merck KGaA Mar 02, 2017, 02:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
English En Français My Account AllAfrica By AllAfrica News Sources Media Kit Countries All Countries AlgeriaAngolaBeninBotswanaBurkina FasoBurundiCameroonCape VerdeCentral African RepublicChadComorosCongo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaCote d'Ivoire DjiboutiEgyptEquatorial GuineaEritreaEthiopiaGabonGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea BissauKenyaLesothoLiberiaLibya MadagascarMalawiMaliMauritaniaMauritiusMoroccoMozambiqueNamibiaNigerNigeriaRwandaSenegalSeychellesSierra Leone SomaliaSouth AfricaSouth SudanSudanSwazilandSão Tomé and PríncipeTanzaniaTogoTunisiaUgandaWestern SaharaZambiaZimbabwe Africa-Wide Central Africa Central Africa HomeAngolaBurundiCameroonCentral African RepublicChad Congo-BrazzavilleCongo-KinshasaEquatorial GuineaGabonRwandaSão Tomé and Príncipe East Africa East Africa HomeBurundiComorosDjiboutiEritreaEthiopiaKenyaMadagascar MauritiusRwandaSeychellesSomaliaSouth SudanSudanTanzaniaUganda North Africa North Africa HomeAlgeriaEgyptLibyaMoroccoTunisiaWestern Sahara Southern Africa Southern Africa HomeAngolaBotswanaLesothoMalawiMozambique NamibiaSouth AfricaSwazilandZambiaZimbabwe West Africa West Africa HomeBeninBurkina FasoCameroonCape VerdeCote d'IvoireGambiaGhanaGuineaGuinea Bissau LiberiaMaliMauritaniaNigerNigeriaSenegalSierra LeoneSão Tomé and PríncipeTogo Topics All Topics AIDSAfrica on the MoveAgribusinessAid and AssistanceArms and ArmiesAsia, Australia, and AfricaAthleticsBankingBook ReviewsBooksBusinessCapital FlowsChildrenClimateCommoditiesCompanyConflictConstructionCorruptionCurrenciesDebtEbolaEcotourismEducationEnergyEntertainment EnvironmentEurope and AfricaExternal RelationsFood and AgricultureGame ParksGovernanceHealthHuman RightsICTInfrastructureInnovationInternational OrganisationsInvestmentLabourLand and Rural IssuesLatin America and AfricaLegal AffairsMalariaManufacturingMediaMiddle East and AfricaMigrationMiningMusicMusic ReviewsNGO NutritionOceansOlympicsPeacekeepingPetroleumPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthPrivatizationRefugeesReligionScienceSoccerSportStock MarketsSustainable DevelopmentTerrorismTradeTransportTravelTuberculosisU.S., Canada and AfricaUrban IssuesWaterWildlifeWomenWorld Cup Entertainment Entertainment HomeBook ReviewsBooksMusicMusic Reviews Business Business HomeAgribusinessBankingCapital FlowsCommoditiesCompanyConstruction CurrenciesDebtEnergyICTInfrastructureInvestmentLabour ManufacturingMiningPetroleumPrivatizationStock MarketsTradeTransport Conflict Conflict HomeArms and ArmiesPeacekeepingRefugeesTerrorism Environment Environment HomeClimateOceansWaterWildlife Health Health HomeAIDSEbolaMalariaNutritionPolioPregnancy and ChildbirthTuberculosis Sport Sport HomeAthleticsOlympicsSoccerWorld Cup Travel Travel HomeEcotourismGame Parks Development Aid and Assistance Education Environment Food and Agriculture Health Women BizTech Business Home Agribusiness Banking Capital Flows Commodities Company Construction Currencies Debt Energy ICT Infrastructure Investment Labour Manufacturing Mining Petroleum Privatization Stock Markets Trade Transport Entertainment Entertainment Home Book Reviews Books Music Music Reviews Sport Sport Home Athletics Olympics Soccer World Cup Africa/World Asia, Australia, and Africa Europe and Africa International Organisations Latin America and Africa Middle East and Africa U.S., Canada and Africa Governance Corruption Governance Human Rights Land and Rural Issues Legal Affairs Media NGO Multimedia Video Audio Document Web Site InFocus Pages PhotoEssays Innovation Sustainability   2 March 2017 The Guardian (Lagos) Africa: Experts Inaugurate Campaign 'To De-Stigmatise Infertility Tagged: Africa Health Nigeria Pregnancy and Childbirth West Africa Women tweet share Google+ comment email more Related Topics Africa Africa: $65 Million Grant to Boost Wildlife Conservation in Malawi Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants Africa: Insurance Vital, but No Magic Bullet to Fight Drought in Africa Africa: Malaria Parasites Make Human Hosts Attract Mosquitoes Health Kenya: National Dialysis Project, the Miracle Kenya Needed in Renal Care Kenya: Report On Doctors' Strike to Be Presented in Court Zimbabwe: Doctors, Nurses End Strike Gambia: Ministry of Health to Embark On Mass Drug Administration Today Nigeria Nigeria: Govt Cautions Citizens Against Travelling to U.S. Nigeria: Boko Haram Not Yet Defeated - United Nations Nigeria: North East Crisis One of World's Most Neglected Crises - UN Nigeria: Minister's New Deal for Ending Militancy Pregnancy and Childbirth East Africa: Bill Seeks Contraceptives for Children Africa: Malaria Drug for Pregnant Women Also Combats Sexually Transmitted Infections - Research Uganda: 25 Districts Register Drop in Maternal Deaths - Ministry Liberia: Teenage Pregnancy Reduction Gets Boost West Africa Nigeria: Foreign Airlines Reject Kaduna Airport As Abuja Airport Closes Ghana: How Patriotic and Disciplined Are We? #GhanaAt60 Nigeria: Outrage in Kano As Bride Gives Birth to Baby Boy a Day After Marriage Nigeria: Country Faces No Threat of Famine - Agriculture Minister Ogbeh By Stanley Akpunonu The Merck health care has launched the Merck more than a mother campaign in Nairobi and Uganda. The Nairobi launch was focus on a woman whose hands were cut off by her husband because "she has not given birth to a baby in the marriage." Even though it was the husband that is infertile. She is now expecting a baby. Merck has given her prosthetic hands and built a house for her in her village. The Merck "more than a mother," is in collaboration with the African Fertility Society (AFS). President AFS and joint pioneer of In Vitro Fertility (IVF) in Nigeria, Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, in his speech at the event, said the main objective to di-stigmatise infertility, strengthen human capital in Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) in Africa by training more clinical embryologists and empower brutalised infertile women who have passed the child bearing age. Through 'Empowering Berna' project, "Merck More than a Mother" empowers infertile women socially and economically. "Merck More than a Mother" aims to improve access to information, education, healthcare and change of mind-set to break the stigma around infertility. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, has continued their commitment for the second year to empower infertile women in Uganda through improving access to information, health, change of mind-set and economic empowerment. Through 'Empowering Berna', Merck in partnership with Uganda Ministry of Health, last week, inaugurated small businesses that been established this year to support infertile women across the country. Also, through 'Empowering Berna', over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Tanzania, CAR, Ethiopia, Liberia and Cote D'Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives. Ashiru told participants at the various launch that it is very important for couples to realize that infertility causes is shared 50 per cent in the male and 50 per cent in the female and not in the female alone. He therefore advised married couples who have not been able to achieve conception within nine months of marriage to seek medical consult together as a couple instead of sending the woman alone. Furthermore he stated that the success rate is higher when they go together than alone. As a preventive measure, Ashiru stated that there are two major causes of infertility that can be prevented. "First is infection especially from Sexually Transmitted Disease (STD) and recommend protect barriers, early diagnsis and treatment. Nigeria Boko Haram Not Yet Defeated - United Nations The United Nations Security Council (UNSC) said the Boko Haram insurgents operating in the Lake Chad Basin have not been… Read more »   Copyright © 2017 The Guardian. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here. AllAfrica publishes around 700 reports a day from more than 150 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct. Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us. More From: Guardian Nigeria: Wizkid Wins First iHeart Radio Award Nigeria: Obasanjo At 80 Nigeria: Central Bank Explains Why Naira Is Appreciating Nigeria: Emeka Ike's Marriage Finally Dissolved Nigeria: Fans to Pay £10 to Watch Eagles' Friendlies in London Nigeria: Islamic Clerics Seek Compulsory HIV/Aids Test for Intending Couples Nigeria: Osinbajo, CJN Differ On Corruption in Judiciary Nigeria: Nigerians Lost N18 Billion to Ponzi Scheme Operators, Says NDIC Nigeria: Senate Mandates Committee to Probe NNPC Over Alleged N5.1 Trillion Subsidy Fraud Nigeria: Ojodu, Osinbajo and the Sleeping President Africa: Experts Inaugurate Campaign 'To De-Stigmatise Infertility Nigeria: No One Can Pocket Judiciary On My Watch - Onnoghen Nigeria: Reps Probe Alleged Payment of N19 Billion to State Governments Account Nigeria: Army Rescues 7,898 People, Arrests 14 Terrorists in Borno Nigeria: Metuh's Trial Stalled Again Nigeria: Youths Oppose More Military Formations in Southern Kaduna Nigeria: Court Strikes Out Six Charges Against IPOB Leader, Nnamdi Kanu Nigeria: CSOs, Lawmakers Worried About Budget Provisions in Health Sector Nigeria: Nigeria Rolls Out Strategies to Boost Maternal, Child Health Nigeria: Police Arrest Peace Corp Commandant, 49 Others Nigeria: Standard Chartered Group Posts $1.1b Profit in 2016 Nigeria: Church Urges Use of Recovered Loots to Generate Employment Nigeria: Standing With Nigeria Nigeria: How We Smashed UTME Syndicates - JAMB Registrar Nigeria: Nigerian Academy of Science Advocates Family Life Health Education in Schools Nigeria: We'll Transform National Stadium Lagos, Ambode Assures Dalung Nigeria: Okpara University Admits 5,615 Fresh Students At 24th Matriculation Nigeria: Public Sector Communication and the Place of Women in a Digital Age Nigeria: USP Trains Local Pharmaceutical Industries On Common Technical Document Dossier Format Nigeria: Esin Advises Hayatou to Bow Out Honourably Nigeria: Alfred Ilenre - a Salute to Commitment Nigeria: Mikel Missing, As Musa, 24 Others Make Eagles' Squad for Lions, Etalons Friendlies Related Africa Health Nigeria Pregnancy and Childbirth West Africa Women InFocus: Nigeria Former Nigerian Governor Jailed for Five Years Are UK Claims on Nigeria's Chibok Girls Rescue True? Nigerian Govt Cautions Citizens Against Travelling to U.S. Nigerian Musician Sadiq Zazzabi Released On Bail Foreign Airlines Ponder Options as Nigeria Closes Abuja Airport Consent, Kissing and Groping in Nigeria's Reality TV Show Nigerian Community's Outrage Over Birth a Day After Mass Wedding Hello? Who is Nigeria's President Buhari Calling Now? Nigeria's Naira Currency Up, Regional Exports Down Moroccan King Calls President Buhari, Wishes Him Good Health Follow AllAfrica Top Headlines: Nigeria Nigeria: Boko Haram Not Yet Defeated - United Nations Nigeria: Minister's New Deal for Ending Militancy Nigeria: Govt Asks Jonathan to Stop Apportioning Blame Over Chibok Girls Nigeria: Some Former Governors Facing Trial Nigeria: Govt Lists $1 Billion Eurobond On FMDQ Platform Nigeria: ‎Police Arraign Woman for Allegedly Stabbing Lover to Death Nigeria: Nnamdi Kanu and His Emissaries of 'New Igbo Essence' Nigeria: N'East Crisis Is World's Largest, Most Neglected Region, Says UN Security Council Nigeria: IPOB - S'East Govs Not Doing Enough to Secure Kanu's Release Nigeria: Court Jails Former Adamawa Gov, Nggilari, 5 Years for Corruption Nigeria: Govt to Review Military Rules of Engagement Nigeria: Dabiri-Erewa Advises Nigerians to Shelve Non-Essential Travel to U.S. Nigeria: Presidency Asks Nigerians to Postpone U.S. Trips Nigeria: Kano Musician Zazzabi Released On Bail Nigeria: Former Adamawa Governor, Ngilari, Jailed Five Years for Corruption Nigeria: Ngilari Cannot Escape Prison - Lawyer Most Popular Nigeria across allAfrica.com Nigeria 1 Nigeria: Buhari Calls Obasanjo, Bello From London 2 Nigeria: Speak to Me to Convince Nigerians You Are Healthy, Fayose Tells Buhari 3 Nigeria: As Naira Gains, Neighbouring Countries Ease Rush for Nigerian Goods 4 Nigeria: Court Dissolves Actor Emeka Ike's Marriage 5 Nigeria: Despite Losing Billions to MMM, Nigerians Flock to New Ponzi Scheme 6 Nigeria: Consent, Kissing and Groping in Nigeria's Reality TV Show 7 Nigeria: Buhari Calls Obasanjo, Kogi Governor 8 Nigeria: Outrage in Kano As Bride Gives Birth to Baby Boy a Day After Marriage 9 Nigeria: How Amaechi and Buhari Induced Nigeria's Recession 10 Nigeria: Foreign Airlines Reject Kaduna Airport As Abuja Airport Closes across allAfrica.com 1 Nigeria: Buhari Calls Obasanjo, Bello From London 2 Nigeria: Speak to Me to Convince Nigerians You Are Healthy, Fayose Tells Buhari 3 Nigeria: As Naira Gains, Neighbouring Countries Ease Rush for Nigerian Goods 4 Nigeria: Court Dissolves Actor Emeka Ike's Marriage 5 Nigeria: Despite Losing Billions to MMM, Nigerians Flock to New Ponzi Scheme 6 Nigeria: Consent, Kissing and Groping in Nigeria's Reality TV Show 7 Nigeria: Buhari Calls Obasanjo, Kogi Governor 8 Nigeria: Outrage in Kano As Bride Gives Birth to Baby Boy a Day After Marriage 9 Kenya: No Salary for University of Nairobi Striking Lecturers 10 Nigeria: How Amaechi and Buhari Induced Nigeria's Recession Don't Miss Hello? Who is Nigeria's President Buhari Calling Now? Court Dissolves Nollywood Actor Emeka Ike's Marriage Gambian HIV Patients Tell of Jammeh's 'Herbal Treatment' - VIDEO Liberia Mourns Death of Popular Musician Former Zambian First Lady Dies U.S., Canada and Africa Kenya: U.S. Envoy Clarifies Arms Deal(Nation) Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants(VOA) South Africa: Blitzboks Face U.S. in 'Massive' Semi-Final(News24Wire) Somalia: U.S. Military Sets Sights On Al-Shabab in Somalia(Al Jazeera) Africa: Africa's First Lady(Democracy Works) Africa: President Trump Calls for Unity, Hope and Massive Economic, Infrastructural and Military Transformation(Observer) East Africa: Kenya-U.S. Direct Flights Herald Trade, Tourism Boom for East Africa(East African) Zimbabwe: Zim Should Take a Leaf From America On Sellouts(The Herald) Africa: We Have a 'Fake News' Problem, but Not the One You're Thinking of(Citizen) Kenya: U.S. - Kenya's Mobile Money System Vulnerable to Illegal Transactions(East African) Business Nigeria: Govt Officially Announce Closure of Abuja Airport, Assures Security(Leadership) Zimbabwe: Govt Agrees to Pay 2016 Civil Servants Bonuses(New Zimbabwe) Kenya: Report On Doctors' Strike to Be Presented in Court(Nation) Kenya: Energy Agenda to Sway Voters in August Polls(Nation) South Africa: Twitterati Hit Back At Mahlobo With #HandsOffSocialMedia(News24Wire) Namibia: Top Court Reserves Judgement in Airport Appeal(Namibian) Nigeria: Country Faces No Threat of Famine - Agriculture Minister Ogbeh(Premium Times) Tanzania: Dar to Host Islamic Finance Summit(Daily News) Zambia: Govt Completes Solar Power Deal(Times of Zambia) South Africa: Social Media Could Be Regulated - Security Minister(News24Wire) External Relations Somalia: U.S. Military Sets Sights On Al-Shabab in Somalia(Al Jazeera) Namibia: Top Court Reserves Judgement in Airport Appeal(Namibian) South Africa: Local Poultry Industry 'Being Destroyed' by European Imports?(Daily Maverick) Africa: Preparing for New Travel Ban, Lawyers Step Up to Help Immigrants(VOA) Nigeria: AU Chair Phones Buhari, Prays for Quick Recovery(Daily Trust) Rwanda: Rwandan Products Feature At Singapore International Expo(New Times) South Africa: Time to Tell SA, Russia Story - Minister Muthambi(SAnews.gov.za) South Africa: Elgar, Wagner to Renew 'Heated' Schoolboy Rivalry(News24Wire) South Africa: Rohan Set to Miss Argentina Trip(News24Wire) South Africa: President Jacob Zuma Arrives in Indonesia for Indian Ocean Rim Association Summit and State Visit(SA Govt) Asia, Australia, and Africa Gambia: Gambia Recognises 'One-China Policy'(The Point) Namibia: Top Court Reserves Judgement in Airport Appeal(Namibian) Rwanda: Rwandan Products Feature At Singapore International Expo(New Times) South Africa: Elgar, Wagner to Renew 'Heated' Schoolboy Rivalry(News24Wire) South Africa: President Jacob Zuma Arrives in Indonesia for Indian Ocean Rim Association Summit and State Visit(SA Govt) South Africa: President Jacob Zuma - Indian Ocean Rim Association Business Summit(SA Govt) South Africa: President Zuma in Indonesia for State Visit, Iora Summit(SAnews.gov.za) South Africa: Proteas Turn Attention to NZ Tests(News24Wire) Namibia: Finance Abandons Chinese Airport Loan(Namibian) Somalia: South Korea Joins EU's Anti-Piracy Operation Off Somalia Coast(Shabelle) Energy Nigeria: Govt to Build Gas Industrial Park Valued At About $20bn in Niger Delta - Osinbajo(Vanguard) Kenya: Energy Agenda to Sway Voters in August Polls(Nation) Zambia: Govt Completes Solar Power Deal(Times of Zambia) Gambia: Singer Akon Funds Liighting Project At Sarreh Pateh(Foroyaa) Uganda: Government Takes Over Power Distribution in 7 Districts(Monitor) Nigeria: NLNG Pays Govt Lowest Dividend in 10 Years(Daily Trust) Tanzania: Cut Power to Zanzibar, Magufuli Says(Citizen) South Africa: Energy On Petroleum Products Act Workshop(SA Govt) Angola: Cuanza Norte - Governor Announces New Energy Projects for Province(ANGOP) Nigeria: Three Birds, One Shot - Turning Corrupt Money Into Electricity(Daily Trust) Children Nigeria: Govt Asks Jonathan to Stop Apportioning Blame Over Chibok Girls(This Day) South Africa: Boy Trapped in Mine Shaft for 10 Days as Rescue Plans Falter(News24Wire) Burundi: Children's Broadcasting Day - "More Space Is Needed", Say Children's Rights Defenders(Iwacu) South Africa: Good Shepherd Saves Abandoned Newborn Baby(News24Wire) South Africa: School Children Injured in Durban Taxi Crash(News24Wire) Nigeria: Chibokgirls - Govt Warns Ex-President Jonathan to Stop Blaming, Accusing Others(Daily Trust) South Africa: Two Children Die in Cape Town House Fire(News24Wire) Nigeria: 'Why I Dumped My Baby in a Toilet'(Daily Trust) Tanzania: Survey Attributes Child Marriage to Poverty(Daily News) South Africa: Boy Killed After Mistaken for Monkey - Police(News24Wire) AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 700 news and information items daily from over 150 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Lagos, Monrovia, Nairobi and Washington DC. © 2017 AllAfrica Privacy Contact Subscribe to AllAfrica via RSS For Advertisers AllAfrica - All the Time
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ NICE Expands Positive Recommendation for Erbitux as First-line Treatment for RAS Wild-type mCRC NICE Expands Positive Recommendation for Erbitux as First-line Treatment for RAS Wild-type mCRC donderdag 2 maart 2017 08:30 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire DARMSTADT, Germany, March 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Not intended for UK- or US-based media   - More patients now able to receive a standard-of-care treatment with Erbitux plus FOLFIRI or FOLFOX  - NICE's recommendation is a significant step forward in Merck's aspiration to ensure cancer patients have optimal access to effective treatments worldwide  Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced today that the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has issued a positive Final Appraisal Determination (FAD) recommending the routine National Health Service (NHS) use of Erbitux (R) (cetuximab) in combination with either FOLFIRI or FOLFOX as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Erbitux has long been established and reimbursed as a first-line standard-of-care treatment option in most European countries and many other countries worldwide. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) "The NICE decision is great news for patients and their families in England, as it now means they will have access to this effective first-line treatment," said Maya Martinez-Davis, Global Head of Oncology Franchise for Merck's biopharma business. "Our efforts in working with NICE to reach this important milestone are part of our relentless commitment to bringing tailored, effective therapies to patients worldwide." This decision expands the previous NICE recommendation,[1] which endorsed the use of Erbitux in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI solely for patients whose cancer had spread only to the liver (liver-limited disease). It is based on robust data from Phase III clinical studies having demonstrated that Erbitux in combination with either FOLFIRI[2] ,[3],[4] or FOLFOX,[2],[5],[6] as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC, confers significant benefit in patient outcomes. "Patients with metastatic colorectal cancer in the UK have very limited access to effective first-line treatments," said Jola Gore-Booth, Founder/CEO of the colorectal cancer patient advocacy group, EuropaColon. "We are therefore delighted with NICE's decision, as it means there is now more choice for patients in England regarding treatment options that they can benefit from." Both the European Society for Medical Oncology and the US National Comprehensive Cancer Network clinical guidelines also recommend first-line treatment with Erbitux, in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI, for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[7],[8] Erbitux has obtained marketing authorization in over 90 countries worldwide. To date, more than 480,000 patients with mCRC have been treated with Erbitux. For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About the NICE process  By publishing a Final Appraisal Determination (FAD), the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has made final recommendations on how Erbitux with FOLFOX/FOLFIRI should be used in the NHS. If there are no successful appeals, the final recommendations will be issued as NICE guidance. About mCRC  Approximately half of patients with mCRC have RAS wild-type tumors and half have RAS mutant tumors.[9] Results from studies assessing RAS mutation status in patients with mCRC have shown that anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody therapies, such as Erbitux(R) (cetuximab), can improve outcomes in patients with RAS wild-type mCRC. [2]-[6] Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide, with an estimated incidence of more than 1.36 million new cases annually.[10] An estimated 694,000 deaths from CRC occur worldwide every year, accounting for 8.5% of all cancer deaths and making it the fourth most common cause of death from cancer.[10] Almost 55% of CRC cases are diagnosed in developed regions of the world, and incidence and mortality rates are substantially higher in men than in women.[10] About Erbitux  Erbitux(R) is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash that seems to be correlated with a good response to therapy. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck  Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. References 1) National Institute for Health and Care Excellence. Cetuximab for the first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer: TA176. Available from: https://www.nice.org.uk/guidance/TA176/chapter/1-Guidance. Accessed February 2017. 2) Lenz H et al. Ann Oncol 2014;25(Suppl 5):v1-41. 3) Van Cutsem E et al. J Clin Oncol 2015;33(7):692-700. 4) Stintzing S et al. Oral presentation at the 2014 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress, September 26-30, 2014. Abstract No:LBA11. 5) Bokemeyer C et al. J Clin Oncol 2014;32:(Suppl 4): abstr 3505. 6) Qin S, et al. Ann Oncol 2016;27(suppl 4):0-025. 7) Van Cutsem E et al. Ann Oncol 2014;25(Suppl 3):iii 1-9. 8) National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN). Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines). Colon Cancer. Version 2.2016. Available from: http://www.nccn.org/patients. Accessed February 2017. 9) Vaughn CP et al. Genes Chromosomes Cancer 2011;50(5):307-12. 10) Ferlay J, Soerjomataram I, Ervik M, Dikshit R, Eser S, Mathers C, Rebelo M, Parkin DM, Forman D, Bray F. GLOBOCAN 2012 v1.0, Cancer Incidence and Mortality Worldwide: IARC CancerBase No. 11 [Internet]. Lyon, France: International Agency for Research on Cancer. 2013. Available from: http://globocan.iarc.fr. Accessed February 2017. Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO Merck KGaA CONTACT: Your Contact: Gangolf Schrimpf, +49-6151-72-9591 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie ESISC: How the Caterpillar of the New Syrian Constitution Could Become a Butterfly dinsdag 7 maart 2017 10:22 TradingScreen Expands European Operations dinsdag 7 maart 2017 10:13 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent dinsdag 7 maart 2017 10:02 RadiAction, de ontwikkelaar van de technologie voor het drastisch verminderen van stralingsblootstelling in interventiekamers, heeft $ 5,7 miljoen ingezameld. dinsdag 7 maart 2017 09:32 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Contact Verrijn Stuartlaan 7 2288 EK Rijswijk 070 - 41 41 234 Follow us Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact Algemene voorwaarden APS Direct Login ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire 070 - 41 41 234
Alle Alle Bilder Videos Audios Grafiken PDF Studien   Nur Channel Wirtschaft durchsuchen Aussendersuche Personensuche Terminsuche Topthemen Hilfe     wirtschaft Alle Politik Wirtschaft Finanzen Chronik Kultur Medien Karriere / Submenü Meistgelesen Meistgelesen Innenpolitik Außenpolitik EU Bildung Familie Gesellschaft Kommunales Recht Sozialpartner Meistgelesen Agrar Arbeitsmarkt Bau Finanzen und Dienstleistungen Energiemarkt Handel IT Start-up Tourismus Unternehmen Meistgelesen Insiderinformationen Directors Dealings Corporate News Finanzberichte Gesamtstimmrechtsmitteilungen Stimmrechtsmitteilungen Sonstige Kapitalmarktinformationen Hauptversammlung Meistgelesen Gesundheit Essen und Trinken Lifestyle Reisen Soziales Sport Tiere Umwelt Verkehr Veranstaltungen Wissenschaft Polizeimeldungen Meistgelesen Architektur Ausstellungen Fernsehen Film Kunst Literatur Museen Musik Theater Veranstaltungen Meistgelesen Pressestimmen Fernsehen Online Radio Zeitungen Meistgelesen Personalia Bildung Unternehmen OTE0001, 2. März 2017, 08:31 drucken mailen als pdf als Text NICE Expands Positive Recommendation for Erbitux as First-line Treatment for RAS Wild-type mCRC Darmstadt, Germany (ots/PRNewswire) - Not intended for UK- or US-based media More patients now able to receive a standard-of-care treatment with Erbitux plus FOLFIRI or FOLFOX NICE's recommendation is a significant step forward in Merck's aspiration to ensure cancer patients have optimal access to effective treatments worldwide Merck, a leading science and technology company, announced today that the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has issued a positive Final Appraisal Determination (FAD) recommending the routine National Health Service (NHS) use of Erbitux® (cetuximab) in combination with either FOLFIRI or FOLFOX as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer (mCRC). Erbitux has long been established and reimbursed as a first-line standard-of-care treatment option in most European countries and many other countries worldwide. (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151207/293543LOGO ) "The NICE decision is great news for patients and their families in England, as it now means they will have access to this effective first-line treatment," said Maya Martinez-Davis, Global Head of Oncology Franchise for Merck's biopharma business. "Our efforts in working with NICE to reach this important milestone are part of our relentless commitment to bringing tailored, effective therapies to patients worldwide." This decision expands the previous NICE recommendation,[1] which endorsed the use of Erbitux in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI solely for patients whose cancer had spread only to the liver (liver-limited disease). It is based on robust data from Phase III clinical studies having demonstrated that Erbitux in combination with either FOLFIRI[2],[3],[4] or FOLFOX,[2],[5],[6] as a first-line treatment for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC, confers significant benefit in patient outcomes. "Patients with metastatic colorectal cancer in the UK have very limited access to effective first-line treatments," said Jola Gore-Booth, Founder/CEO of the colorectal cancer patient advocacy group, EuropaColon. "We are therefore delighted with NICE's decision, as it means there is now more choice for patients in England regarding treatment options that they can benefit from." Both the European Society for Medical Oncology and the US National Comprehensive Cancer Network clinical guidelines also recommend first-line treatment with Erbitux, in combination with either FOLFOX or FOLFIRI, for patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[7],[8] Erbitux has obtained marketing authorization in over 90 countries worldwide. To date, more than 480,000 patients with mCRC have been treated with Erbitux. For further information and press materials please visit http://www.merckgroup.com/media-center-oncology. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About the NICE process By publishing a Final Appraisal Determination (FAD), the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has made final recommendations on how Erbitux with FOLFOX/FOLFIRI should be used in the NHS. If there are no successful appeals, the final recommendations will be issued as NICE guidance. About mCRC Approximately half of patients with mCRC have RAS wild-type tumors and half have RAS mutant tumors.[9] Results from studies assessing RAS mutation status in patients with mCRC have shown that anti-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) monoclonal antibody therapies, such as Erbitux® (cetuximab), can improve outcomes in patients with RAS wild-type mCRC.[2]-[6] Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer worldwide, with an estimated incidence of more than 1.36 million new cases annually.[10] An estimated 694,000 deaths from CRC occur worldwide every year, accounting for 8.5% of all cancer deaths and making it the fourth most common cause of death from cancer.[10] Almost 55% of CRC cases are diagnosed in developed regions of the world, and incidence and mortality rates are substantially higher in men than in women.[10] About Erbitux Erbitux® is a highly active IgG1 monoclonal antibody targeting the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). As a monoclonal antibody, the mode of action of Erbitux is distinct from standard non-selective chemotherapy treatments in that it specifically targets and binds to the EGFR. This binding inhibits the activation of the receptor and the subsequent signal-transduction pathway, which results in reducing both the invasion of normal tissues by tumor cells and the spread of tumors to new sites. It is also believed to inhibit the ability of tumor cells to repair the damage caused by chemotherapy and radiotherapy and to inhibit the formation of new blood vessels inside tumors, which appears to lead to an overall suppression of tumor growth. The most commonly reported side effect with Erbitux is an acne-like skin rash that seems to be correlated with a good response to therapy. In approximately 5% of patients, hypersensitivity reactions may occur during treatment with Erbitux; about half of these reactions are severe. Erbitux has already obtained market authorization in over 90 countries world-wide for the treatment of colorectal cancer and for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (SCCHN). Merck licensed the right to market Erbitux outside the US and Canada from ImClone LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Eli Lilly and Company, in 1998. Merck has an ongoing commitment to the advancement of oncology treatment and is currently investigating novel therapies in highly targeted areas. All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to http://www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. References 1. National Institute for Health and Care Excellence. Cetuximab for the first-line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer: TA176. Available from: https://www.nice.org.uk/guidance/TA176/chapter/1-Guidance. Accessed February 2017. 2. Lenz H et al. Ann Oncol 2014;25(Suppl 5):v1-41. 3. Van Cutsem E et al. J Clin Oncol 2015;33(7):692-700. 4. Stintzing S et al. Oral presentation at the 2014 European Society for Medical Oncology Congress, September 26-30, 2014. Abstract No:LBA11. 5. Bokemeyer C et al. J Clin Oncol 2014;32:(Suppl 4): abstr 3505. 6. Qin S, et al. Ann Oncol 2016;27(suppl 4):0-025. 7. Van Cutsem E et al. Ann Oncol 2014;25(Suppl 3):iii 1-9. 8. National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN). Clinical Practice Guidelines in Oncology (NCCN Guidelines). Colon Cancer. Version 2.2016. Available from: http://www.nccn.org/patients. Accessed February 2017. 9. Vaughn CP et al. Genes Chromosomes Cancer 2011;50(5):307?12. 10. Ferlay J, Soerjomataram I, Ervik M, Dikshit R, Eser S, Mathers C, Rebelo M, Parkin DM, Forman D, Bray F. GLOBOCAN 2012 v1.0, Cancer Incidence and Mortality Worldwide: IARC CancerBase No. 11 [Internet]. Lyon, France: International Agency for Research on Cancer. 2013. Available from: http://globocan.iarc.fr. Accessed February 2017. Digital press kit: http://www.ots.at/pressemappe/PR6873/aom Rückfragen & Kontakt: Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 ORIGINAL APA-OTS TEXT - THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS SUBJECT TO THE EXCLUSIVE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ISSUER | PRN0003 AVISO: Dienstag 7. März 0... Moment of Silence: Videop... Merck KGaA Zum Pressroom Rückfragen & Kontakt Gangolf Schrimpf +49-6151-72-9591 Mehr zu dieser Aussendung Stichworte: International, Pharma, Gesundheit, Medizin Channel: Wirtschaft Auch interessant: Inhalt wird geladen ... Mehr Über apa-ots APA-OTS ist Österreichs stärkster Verbreiter von multimedialen Presseinformationen in Text, Bild, Video und Audio im In- und Ausland. Produkte & Preise OTS-Mailabo OTS-Twitterlist Aktuelle Bilder: Wirtschaft weitere Bilder Aktuelle Videos weitere Videos Meistgelesen auf ots.at (24h) - Channel Wirtschaft Produktrückruf: Salzburg Patisserie ruft vorsorglich die Esterházy Torte 500g mit dem MHD 01.12.2017 zurück Salzburg Patisserie GmbH Podiumsdiskussion 18.05.2017: Der niederösterreichische Wohnbau Bohmann Druck und Verlag GesmbH & Co KG Merkel und Obama besuchen Messestand von ifm ifm electronic gmbh weitere Aussendungen Aktuelle Termine Dienstag, 7. März 2017, 10:00 Pressegespräch mit den Bezirksvorsteherinnen der Bezirke Leopoldstadt, Josefstadt, Alsergrund, Meidling, Hietzing und Währing Bezirksvorstehung Josefstadt Dienstag, 7. März 2017, 13:00 KMU digital stärken, Wachstum und Arbeitsplätze sichern Wirtschaftskammer Österreich Dienstag, 7. März 2017, 17:00 Präsentation des Ergebnisses des Realisierungswettbewerbs für den Bildungscampus Aron Menczer und das „Areal Eurogate II“ PID Presse- und Informationsdienst der Stadt Wien weitere Termine APA-Campus Wirtschaftslehrgang APA-OTS Laimgrubengasse 10 1060 Wien, Österreich Karte & Route +43 1 36060-5310 +43 1 36060-5399 (Fax) ots@apa.at Über APA-OTS Social Media & Feeds APA-OTS auf Facebook APA-OTS auf Twitter APA-OTS auf Instagram APA-OTS auf Xing APA-OTS auf LinkedIn APA-OTS auf Google+ Unsere Pins auf Pinterest Alle Feeds / Newsletter Portale & Apps Portale APA-OTS-VIDEO, APA-Fotoservice, Tourismuspresse, Tourismusvideo, IT-Press, Euroadhoc Blogs OTS-Blog, Tourismuspresse-Blog Partner Presseportal.de, Presseportal.ch OTS-Apps (gratis) iOS, Android Systemzugänge OTS-Manager OTS-Mailabo OTS-Journalistendaten OTS-Newsletterverwaltung   © 1997 - 2017 APA-OTS Originaltext-Service GmbH und der jeweilige Aussender. Alle Rechte vorbehalten. Disclaimer Netiquette Impressum AGB zum Seitenanfang
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Corporate News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share FDA Approves Odactra, JUNO Abandons Rocket, VRML Abuzz, No Tremors For NDRM 3/2/2017 5:13 AM ET Celgene Corp. (CELG) and Agios Pharmaceuticals' (AGIO) New Drug Application for Enasidenib has been granted Priority Review by the FDA - with a decision date set for August 30, 2017. The companies are seeking approval of Enasidenib for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia with an isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 (IDH2) mutation. AGIO closed Wednesday's trading at $51.74, up 6.81%. A study from Exact Sciences Corp. (EXAS) and Mayo Clinic released by the American Association of Cancer Research shows promise for the development of a new blood-based lung cancer test. The study involving 398 patients (311 controls and 87 cancers) demonstrated that biomarkers in plasma, in this case, four novel methylated DNA markers, achieved a sensitivity of 91-96 percent at a specificity of 90-94 percent. EXAS closed Wednesday's trading at $22.15, up 2.93%. In after-hours, the stock was up 4.97% to $23.25. Juno Therapeutics Inc. (JUNO) has decided to pull the plug on its phase II trial of JCAR015 in adult patients with r/r acute lymphoblastic leukemia, referred to as the ROCKET trial. Last November, the trial was put on hold following two patient deaths. Juno conducted an investigation into the toxicity. Considering the fact that there are other product candidates in its pipeline, which are likely to provide improved efficacy and tolerability, Juno, in collaboration with partner Celgene, has made a strategic decision to cease development of JCAR015. JUNO closed Wednesday's trading at $25.31, up 5.28%. In after-hours, the stock was down 7.94% to $23.30. The FDA has approved Odactra, the first allergen extract, for house dust mite allergies. Odactra, which is to be administered under the tongue, is indicated for people 18 through 65 years of age. Odactra is manufactured for Merck, Sharp & Dohme Corp., (a subsidiary of Merck and Co., Inc., Whitehouse Station, N.J.) by Catalent Pharma Solutions Limited, United Kingdom. Shares of NeuroDerm Ltd. (NDRM) rose more than 26% on Wednesday, following positive results from its phase II trial of ND0612H for advanced Parkinson's disease. The trial, dubbed Trial 006, demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful reduction in OFF-time and increase in proportion of patients "ON" by 8:00 am (primary and key secondary endpoints). The study also showed statistically significant reduction in troublesome dyskinesia and a complete reduction of OFF-time to zero hours in 66% of responders. NDRM closed Wednesday's trading at $29.30, up 26.57%. In after-hours, the stock was up another 1.52% to $29.74. Puma Biotechnology Inc. (PBYI) has a couple of catalyst to watch out for in the coming months. The anticipated key milestones are : -- Additional data from its Phase II CONTROL trial of Neratinib as an extended adjuvant treatment in HER2-positive early stage breast cancer using antidiarrheal prophylaxis with loperamide and other agents are expected in Q2, 2017. -- Interim Phase I/II data from NSABP FB-10 trial of Neratinib plus Kadcyla in HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer expected in Q2, 2017. -- Data from Phase II SUMMIT basket trial of Neratinib in patients with HER2 non-amplified solid tumors that have a HER2 mutation anticipated in Q2, 2017. -- Data from phase III trial in third-line HER2-positive MBC patients in the first half of 2017. -- Data from TBCRC-022 Phase II trial of Neratinib plus capecitabine in HER2-positive MBC patients with brain metastases expected in Q2, 2017. -- Data from phase II SUMMIT basket trial of Neratinib in HER2-negative breast cancer patients with HER2 mutations in Q2, 2017 -- Final 5-year disease free survival (DFS) data from ExteNET Phase III trial of Neratinib as an extended adjuvant treatment in HER2-positive early stage breast cancer slated for release during the second half of 2017. -- Regulatory decisions in the United States and European Union on Neratinib for the extended adjuvant treatment of patients with HER2-positive early stage breast cancer in the third quarter of 2017. PBYI closed Wednesday's trading at $38.05, up 3.68%. Sangamo Therapeutics Inc.'s (SGMO) SB-913, a genome editing product candidate for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis Type II (MPS II), has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA. Sangamo is conducting a Phase 1/2 clinical trial evaluating SB-913 as an in vivo genome editing treatment for MPS II. Sangamo is also conducting Phase 1/2 studies this year evaluating in vivo genome editing treatments SB-318 for MPS I, another rare lysosomal storage disorder, and SB-FIX for hemophilia B, a rare blood disease. Data from the above studies and from a clinical trial for a fourth lead program, SB-525, a gene therapy approach for hemophilia A, are expected in late 2017 or early 2018. SGMO closed Wednesday's trading at $4.70, up 3.30%. ASPiRA LABs, a Vermillion company (VRML), has signed a contracted in-network agreement with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan for ovarian cancer risk assessment test OVA1. ASPiRA's OVA1 test is U.S. FDA cleared. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan serves over six million beneficiaries throughout Michigan and surrounding states. VRML closed Wednesday's trading at $2.35, up 1.73%. In after-hours, the stock was up 17.02% to $2.75. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Jobs Focus Sharpens as March FOMC Decision Looms -- Economic Preview for Week of March 6 10 Largest U.S. Banks, Ranked America's Most Dangerous Jobs, Ranked Previous Story Next Story Corporate News NOVN Moves Ahead, PTCT Finally Achieves It, TGTX Gets GENUINE Reaction Dunkin' Donuts, Baskin Robbins To Remove Artificial Colors Gainers & Losers Of Mar.6: TGTX, CNCE, DXTR, KURA, ARGS... Thor Industries Inc Announces 45% Advance In Q2 Earnings Korn/Ferry International Inc Q3 Profit Rises 5% Amazon Looking Ahead To Moon Deliveries Facebook To Test Dislike Button PSA Group To Buy GM's European Unit Opel In EUR 2.2 Bln Deal PSA Group To Buy GM's European Unit For EUR 2.2 Bln Who Will Win Ampyra Patent Fight - Acorda Or Kyle Bass? What Awaits These 10 Biotech Stocks In March? Jobs Focus Sharpens As March FOMC Decision Looms -- Economic Data Preview SolarCity Slashed 3,000 Jobs Last Year Keystone Pipeline Reportedly Exempt From 'Buy American' Policy Subway: Hey, Our Chicken Is Indeed Chicken <<Previous        60 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS NeuroDerm Ltd. (NDRM) Soared To A New High On Phase 2 Study Results Trade NDRM now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Dunkin' Donuts, Baskin Robbins To Remove Artificial Colors Amazon Looking Ahead To Moon Deliveries Facebook To Test Dislike Button PSA Group To Buy GM's European Unit Opel In EUR 2.2 Bln Deal Who Will Win Ampyra Patent Fight - Acorda Or Kyle Bass? Jobs Focus Sharpens As March FOMC Decision Looms -- Economic Data Preview Subway: Hey, Our Chicken Is Indeed Chicken Nintendo Purposely Makes Switch Cartridges Taste Bad San Francisco Sues Hertz Over Bridge Tolls Wendy's Quietly Drops Spicy Chicken Nuggets Comeback Kids: The 10 Largest U.S. Banks, Ranked IPO Watch: Will Investors Flock To Canada Goose? What Awaits These 10 Biotech Stocks In March? FDA Approves Odactra, JUNO Abandons Rocket, VRML Abuzz, No Tremors For NDRM Company Spotlight: Aurinia Pharma Who Will Win Ampyra Patent Fight - Acorda Or Kyle Bass? WPP 2016 Profit Up, Proposes Higher Dividend; Sees Slower Growth In 2017 Informa To Acquire Yachting Promotions For GBP 106 Mln - Quick Facts Wendy's Quietly Drops Spicy Chicken Nuggets San Francisco Sues Hertz Over Bridge Tolls IPO Watch: Will Investors Flock To Canada Goose? Lilly: Taltz Shows Superior Efficacy Compared To Stelara In Plaque Psoriasis Jobs Focus Sharpens As March FOMC Decision Looms -- Economic Data Preview Henkel Offers $1.05 Bln For Darex Packaging Business Of GCP Applied Technologies Informa To Acquire Yachting Promotions For GBP 106 Mln - Quick Facts Company Spotlight: Aurinia Pharma What Awaits These 10 Biotech Stocks In March? Amazon Server Issue Affects Large Part Of Internet Henkel Offers $1.05 Bln For Darex Packaging Business Of GCP Applied Technologies Adecco Q4 Profit Climbs; Jan- Feb Trading Positive; Plans EUR 300 Mln Buyback LafargeHolcim Turns To Profit In Q4, But Sales Decline - Quick Facts Evonik FY16 Profit Decreases - Quick Facts AB InBev Q4 Normalized Profit Drops LafargeHolcim Adopts Rigorous Risk Assessment Process After Syria Review Krones FY16 Preliminary Profit Up 8.2%; Sees Higher FY17 Revenues And Earnings Schroders FY16 Profit Rises, Lifts Dividend; Says New Year Started Well Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News HP looks to tap growing millennials in India for gaming PCs Business Standard Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for US market, receive milestone payments Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  March 2, 2017 Last Updated at 14:47 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6T0Y Merck & Co's contraceptive product ALSO READ Glenmark partners Evestra to market contraceptive product in US Drug Price Control Order continues to drag growth of pharma industry Merck invests Euro 250 mn to expand pharma business' production in China Glenmark: Street awaiting fresh triggers No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's contraceptive product. "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Development on the vaginal ring product is currently under way and the two companies expect to file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) in fiscal 2019, it added. As per the agreement, Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for the US market and will receive certain milestone payments during various stages of its development, including royalties on net sales, Glenmark said. "The partnership with Evestra... Expands our portfolio into a leading non-daily contraceptive option prescribed for millions of women in the US," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals North America and Global API President Robert Matsuk said. Glenmark has secured exclusive marketing and distribution rights for the product, including an option to commercialise two additional Evestra vaginal ring products, for the US market. Evestra Inc President and CEO Ze'ev Shaked said: "This is an important US-based strategic partnership for Evestra." By aligning "our efforts, we expect to make great strides in improving women's healthcare and access to options that are significantly more accessible due to their lower costs", he added. Merck's IMS Health NuvaRing registered sales of USD 768 million in 2016 in the US market, Glenmark said. NuvaRing is an estrogen and progestin combination hormonal contraceptive indicated for use by women to prevent pregnancy, it added. The stock of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was today trading at Rs 920.25 in the afternoon on BSE, down 0.99 per cent from its previous close. Read More On National News | Glenmark Pharma | Merck | Usa | Evestra | Medicine | Drug | Contraceptive Pill | Contraception | Glenmark | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for US market, receive milestone payments Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's contraceptive product. "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Development on the vaginal ring product is currently under way and the two companies expect to file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) in fiscal 2019, it added. As per the agreement, Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for the US market and will receive certain milestone payments during various stages of its development, including royalties on net sales, Glenmark said. "The partnership with Evestra... Expands our portfolio into a leading non-daily contraceptive option prescribed for .. Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's contraceptive product. "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Development on the vaginal ring product is currently under way and the two companies expect to file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) in fiscal 2019, it added. As per the agreement, Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for the US market and will receive certain milestone payments during various stages of its development, including royalties on net sales, Glenmark said. "The partnership with Evestra... Expands our portfolio into a leading non-daily contraceptive option prescribed for millions of women in the US," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals North America and Global API President Robert Matsuk said. Glenmark has secured exclusive marketing and distribution rights for the product, including an option to commercialise two additional Evestra vaginal ring products, for the US market. Evestra Inc President and CEO Ze'ev Shaked said: "This is an important US-based strategic partnership for Evestra." By aligning "our efforts, we expect to make great strides in improving women's healthcare and access to options that are significantly more accessible due to their lower costs", he added. Merck's IMS Health NuvaRing registered sales of USD 768 million in 2016 in the US market, Glenmark said. NuvaRing is an estrogen and progestin combination hormonal contraceptive indicated for use by women to prevent pregnancy, it added. The stock of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was today trading at Rs 920.25 in the afternoon on BSE, down 0.99 per cent from its previous close. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for US market, receive milestone payments Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's contraceptive product. "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Development on the vaginal ring product is currently under way and the two companies expect to file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) in fiscal 2019, it added. As per the agreement, Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for the US market and will receive certain milestone payments during various stages of its development, including royalties on net sales, Glenmark said. "The partnership with Evestra... Expands our portfolio into a leading non-daily contraceptive option prescribed for millions of women in the US," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals North America and Global API President Robert Matsuk said. Glenmark has secured exclusive marketing and distribution rights for the product, including an option to commercialise two additional Evestra vaginal ring products, for the US market. Evestra Inc President and CEO Ze'ev Shaked said: "This is an important US-based strategic partnership for Evestra." By aligning "our efforts, we expect to make great strides in improving women's healthcare and access to options that are significantly more accessible due to their lower costs", he added. Merck's IMS Health NuvaRing registered sales of USD 768 million in 2016 in the US market, Glenmark said. NuvaRing is an estrogen and progestin combination hormonal contraceptive indicated for use by women to prevent pregnancy, it added. The stock of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was today trading at Rs 920.25 in the afternoon on BSE, down 0.99 per cent from its previous close. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Healthcare Global Market Key Developments, Outlook, 2016 Analysis & Forecast to 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Healthcare Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 03, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Animals Covered: -Farm animals -Cattle -Swine -Fish -Sheep -Poultry -Companion animals -Dogs -Cats -Horses Products Covered: -Vaccines -Feed Additives -Nutritional Feed Additives -Medicinal Feed Additives -Pharmaceuticals -Systemic Agents -Parasiticides - Antibiotics -Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: -Immunodiagnostics -Molecular diagnostics -Diagnostic imaging -Clinical chemistry -Other diagnostics Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.2 MERIAL Limited 10.3 Zoetis Inc 10.4 Novartis Animal Health Inc 10.5 Bayer HealthCare 10.6 Ceva Santé Animale 10.7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 10.8 Virbac SA 10.9 Elanco Products Company 10.10 Vétoquinol SA 10.11 Sanofi-Aventis 10.12 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 10.13 Heska Corporation 10.14 PetAg Incorporated 10.15 Procter & Gamble Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     A Free Live Webinar to Explore Alarming Issues Facing the Healthcare Industry   View as PDF  Print View    Approval and Access: overcoming the final hurdle of drub development a free to attend webinar on Friday 10 March at 11:00 GMT. Follow the debate live on Twitter #PPwebinar. Hosted by DIA and Pharmaphorum and moderated by Andrew McConaghie of Pharmaphorum.com. West Byfleet, United Kingdom - March 3, 2017 /PressCable/ -- Individuals who will attend free webinar will have the opportunity to learn from the biggest and brightest stars in the industry ...from how science and innovation can make impacts healthcare industry to improving it using technology effectively and competitively The medical field is one area that has seen remarkable growth and innovation in the European market as there have been great leaps in learning in different aspect of the health industry, which has resulted in great inventions. In fact, the European healthcare has been a flag-bearer in developing new drugs and medical care to create the world's healthiest and longest-living society, which makes it an area where the possibilities of what can be accomplished are endless. However, many challenges are facing the industry in the emerging European market... countries are now looking at new ways of reforming the way healthcare is provided and run. With a burning desire to dispel this disheartening concerns, and to educate and inspire professionals in the health industry, Pharmaphorum, in partnership with DIA, will be hosting a free expert panel webinar debating the best way forward for life sciences companies, payers, and providers in this emerging European market access paradigm. Renowned as a premier digital publisher of thought leadership relating to the pharmaceutical industry, Pharmaphorum is passionate about transforming minds and helping the healthcare industry in Europe grow in a fascinating way. The event which is scheduled to hold on Friday, March 10, 2017, at 11 am GMT (12 pm CET) will be divided strategically into unique sessions, and will be anchored by four biggest and brightest stars in the health industry. They include: -- Professor Luca Pani, a faculty member of the University of Miami, is a medical doctor, specializing in psychiatry, pharmacology and molecular biology. Besides being an author of over one hundred and fifty scientific publications, he has served as Director General of the Italian Medicines Agency (AIFA) from 2011 to 2016. Currently, he is a Fellow of the National Research Council of Italy and also associated with the Faculty and the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioural Sciences of the University of Miami School of Medicine. -- Angelika Joos, an executive director of Global Regulatory Policy, MSD (Europe) Inc. is responsible for Regulatory Policy issues within Merck Sharp & Dohme's Global Regulatory Affairs department since 2001 and heads their European Union office in Brussels. Besides overseeing activities in Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific and actively identifying opportunities that align with Merck Sharp & Dohme's business priorities, Joos monitors and implements regulatory policies & procedures and advises her company on regulatory strategies. -- Andrew McConaghie, Pharmaphorum's managing editor, writes on a range of topics covering pharmaceutical and biotech R&D, marketing and market access, and issues affecting patients and global healthcare systems, especially the UK's NHS. -- Ana Palma, a leader at Global HTA and Patient Access at Sobi in Belgium is a guru with many years of vast experience in the European market. With the speakers' vast experiences in the health industry, they are keen on sharing solutions about the alarming issues identified in different facets of the medical field and how their solutions. Some of the topics to be discussed include the importance of science and innovation for system change, the value of early engagement to define requirements for global development, Integrating HTA and regulatory strategy, regional variation and implication, and much more. Interested individuals are advised to reserve a seat on Brighttalk channel at pharmaphorum sign up page. To make the event more interesting, relevant topics that will be explored at the upcoming DIA Euromeeting in Glasgow in March will be reviewed. The pharmaphorum team concluded "In this tough environment, it is vital that the requirements for continuing medical innovation and market access are addressed early in the drug development process. Parallel scientific advice from HTA bodies and regulators is increasing to deliver tangible and successful strategies, but is the process smooth enough to overcome the challenges from both sides?" For more information about the event, speakers, and to reserve a seat, visit pharmaphorum sign up page. Contact: Mark Plummer mark@pharmaphorum.com # # # Contact Info: Name: Mark Plummer Email: mark@pharmaphorum.com Organization: pharmaphorum media limited Address: Rosemount House, Rosemount Avenue, West Byfleet, England KT14, United Kingdom For more information, please visit http://pharmaphorum.com/ Source: PressCable Release ID: 175007 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Boom Irrigation Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Tue 7th Mar 17) High Voltage Cables and Accessories Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) DataJeo Business Adverting ROI Customer Profile Targeting Software Released (Tue 7th Mar 17) Cardiac Pacemaker Market is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.9% by 2022: Vendors- Medtronic, SORIN, Osypka Medical (Tue 7th Mar 17) Connected Medical Devices Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Smart Roads Market: Industry Analysis, Demand, Trend, Growth and Global Forecast to 2027 (Tue 7th Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis : Forecast 2024 Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis : Forecast 2024 Posted on March 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/03/2017 — Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market: Overview The World Health Organization reveals that global obesity has more than doubled since 1980, with over 1.9 billion adults overweight in 2014, of which, more than 600 million were obese. Percentage-wise, an estimated 39% of adults were overweight and 13% were obese in 2014. An additional 42 million children below the age of five were found to be overweight or obese in 2013. Based on two surveys conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an astounding 68.8% of the U.S. adult population is considered to be overweight or obese. It is no surprise, then, that today, most of the world's population lives in countries where obesity and overweight are claiming more lives than underweight and malnutrition. This alarming rise in the prevalence of obesity, particularly in the developed region of North America, has been single-handedly propelling the anti-obesity drugs market. Anti-obesity drugs – both prescription and OTC – are of two main types: Centrally-acting drugs and peripherally-acting drugs. These contain a host of pharmacological agents that control or reduce weight by altering either the absorption of calories or regulating appetite. This comprehensive research publication offers clients an exhaustive database of accurate, authentic, objective, and the most recent information on the global anti-obesity drugs market. The overall market is segmented based on several key criteria and each segment is thoroughly evaluated to identify the leading and weakest categories. Statistical data and inputs from industry experts support the qualitative data offered in the report and help clients devise actionable and profitable decisions for the future. Browse full report on Anti-Obesity Drugs Market – http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/anti-obesity-drugs-market.html Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market: Competitive Landscape Snapshot The leading companies operating in the global anti-obesity drugs market include Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Arena Pharmaceuticals Inc., Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Limited, Zydus Cadila, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Merck & Co. Inc., Eisai Co. Ltd., Novo Nordisk A/S, Orexigen Therapeutics Inc., Zafgen, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Norgine B.V., Pfizer Inc., and F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG. Owing to the increasing prevalence of obesity in several parts of the world, the degree of competition among players in the anti-obesity drugs market has been on the rise. Companies have been heavily investing in the development of agents with increased weight-loss efficacy and a high safety threshold. This gives players a greater chance of approval from regulatory bodies such as the US FDA. Companies around the globe are also focused on the development as well as successful commercialization of anti-obesity drugs that are both clinically effective and safe in the long run and also have the potential to generate massive sales and reach blockbuster status. The current portfolio of prescription weight-loss drugs and emerging anti-obesity drugs in pre-clinical or clinical trials acts as a significant force driving the global anti-obesity drugs market. Global Anti-Obesity Drugs Market: Key Trends and Regional Outlook The global market for anti-obesity drugs has been expanding at a significant pace in recent years. With the obvious driving factor being the surge in obesity levels around the globe, this market is also propelled by the strong pipeline of anti-obesity drugs. Advanced medical research by drug-manufacturing companies, medical universities and institutes, and government agencies has also substantially contributed toward the growth of the anti-obesity drugs market. The anti-obesity drugs market in North America has been flourishing over the years owing to the high level of awareness among the population about obesity and the various risks arising from the medical condition, increased healthcare expenditure, the presence of favorable reimbursement policies, extensive research and development activities in the field, and the increased involvement of government as well as non-government organizations in generating awareness and funding research. The Asia Pacific market for anti-obesity drugs is anticipated to gain momentum in the coming years thanks to the rise in obese population, resulting from increased spending on processed and packaged foods and the growing consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages. Improving healthcare infrastructure and mounting healthcare expenditure is also expected to drive the market for anti-obesity drugs in APAC. Request for brochure of this report – http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=12461 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/anti-obesity-drugs-market-research-report-by-regional-analysis-forecast-2024-774516.htm Media Relations Contact Rohit Bhisey Head Transparency Market Research Telephone: 518-618-1030 Email: Click to Email Rohit Bhisey Web: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ Latest News Europe Residential Security Market USD 1,867.5 Million Value Will Climb Throughout the Year 2020 Industrial Tapes Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Data Prep Market – Complete Study of Current Trends and Growth Drivers for 2025 Global Condiment Sauces Market: Growth in Distribution Channels to Open Opportunities for Market Players, Finds TMR Systemic Antiviral Pharmaceuticals Market Research Report by Regional Analysis: Forecast 2023 Global Soundbar Market to Grow at a CAGR of 16.18% During the Period 2017 – 2021; Finds New Report Crowd Analytics Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2025 Anti-Obesity Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis : Forecast 2024 Lawsuit for Investors in Cynosure, Inc. (NASDAQ:CYNO) Against the Takeover Filed Anti-Cancer Drugs Market Research Report by Regional Analysis: Forecast 2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Personnel Announcements ALK Appoints SVP of R&D for North America and International Markets Download image HØRSHOLM, Denmark, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- ALK (ALKB:DC / OMX: ALK B / AKABY / AKBLF) today announced the appointment of Hendrik Nolte, M.D., Med.Sc.D, as Senior Vice President of Research and Development for North America and International Markets, based in the USA.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160420/357628LOGO ) Hendrik Nolte will be responsible for ALK's R&D strategy in North America and International markets including China, and will work in collaboration with ALK's partners for Russia, Japan, South-East Asia, Australia and New Zealand. Henrik Jacobi, ALK's Executive Vice President of Research and Development, said: "Hendrik's reputation in the allergy immunotherapy field is unsurpassed and we welcome him to ALK as a key figure in the scale-up of our North American operations and an important contributor to our work to globalise the SLIT-tablet portfolio." In his previous role as Head of Respiratory at Merck Sharp & Dome, Hendrik Nolte led the development and registration efforts for ALK's grass and ragweed SLIT-tablets - GRASTEK® and RAGWITEK® - as well as for the house dust mite SLIT-tablet. Hendrik Nolte commented: "I am honoured to have the opportunity to return to ALK. Throughout my career, as both a physician and a scientist, I have been impressed by ALK's commitment to cure allergies. Allergy research and respiratory medicine has been my life's work and I am continually motivated by both the unmet medical need of patients, particularly those with respiratory allergies, and by the growing scientific evidence in favour of treatment with allergy immunotherapy." Hendrik Nolte has held roles in clinical research at Roche, Hycor Biomedical and ALK. Before assuming leadership roles at Merck in 2005, Hendrik Nolte was an associate professor at the Department of Internal Medicine at the University of Copenhagen, where he also served as a lung specialist and head of the respiratory ward at Bispebjerg University Hospital. Hendrik Nolte received his medical degree (M.D) from University of Copenhagen in 1985 and received his doctoral degree (Dr. Med) in 1992. ALK-Abelló A/S  About ALK  ALK is a research-driven global pharmaceutical company focusing on allergy prevention, diagnosis and treatment. ALK is a world leader in allergy immunotherapy - a treatment of the underlying cause of allergy. The company has approximately 2,300 employees, with subsidiaries, production facilities and distributors worldwide. ALK has entered into partnership agreements with Torii, Abbott, and Seqirus to commercialise sublingual allergy immunotherapy tablets in Japan, Russia, and South-East Asia, and Australia and New Zealand, respectively. The company is headquartered in Hørsholm, Denmark, and listed on NASDAQ Copenhagen. Find more information at http://www.alk.net.  SOURCE ALK More by this Source ALK Announces FDA Approval for its House Dust Mite Sublingual Allergy Immunotherapy Tablet (ACARIZAX® in Europe) 01 Mar, 2017, 23:36 GMT ALK’s ACARIZAX® Data Results in Significant Change to the GINA Asthma Management Strategy: Sublingual Allergy Immunotherapy (SLIT) Recommended as a Treatment Option in Patients With House Dust Mite Allergic Asthma 27 Feb, 2017, 13:46 GMT View all news by ALK Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News New Research: Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Expected To Consume the Largest Market Share, By 2020 Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry for 2016-2020. Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10292938 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market: Abbott Molecular Becton Dickinson & Company Hologic Qiagen Quest Diagnostics Roche Molecular Diagnostics Other Prominent Vendors of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Are: Arbor Vita Autogenomics bioMérieux BioVantra Cancer Genetics Cepheid Cervia Diagnostics Cytoimmun DAAN Gene Delphi Bioscience DiaCarta Fujirebio Genera Biosystems Greiner Bio-One Guided Therapeutics GynaeHealth IncellDx Micromedic Technologies Norchip OncoHealth OralDNA Labs Seegene Research Expert’s commented on the report: “One trend in market is expansion into emerging markets. The global vendors are inclined upon penetrating the niche market of developing countries to maximize their revenue. In India, QIAGEN has careHPV test for serving women in low-resource areas, whereas digene HC2 HPV test serves women in areas having modern healthcare infrastructure. In 2009, the company entered into a partnership with Chittaranjan National Cancer Institute, in Kolkata, to establish a large-scale cervical cancer screening program. QIAGEN’s QIAGENcares, partners with PATH and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to improve the cervical cancer state worldwide. Not only that, QIAGEN collaborated with HPV vaccine developer Merck, to provide nearly five million free HPV vaccine doses and expanded the already existing HPV test donation program by 500,000 for screening a total of 1.5 million women in the emerging countries.” Ask Sample PDF of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10292938   According to the report, one driver in the market is reimbursement policies. Most of the developed countries have specific agencies that have reimbursement policies to motivate and support women to undergo diagnostic tests. Agencies such as Wittenberg Weiner Consulting (WWC) and Wisconsin Well Women Program (WWWP) in the US reimburse an office visit for a pelvic exam, Pap smear test, HPV test, colposcopy, or other invasive diagnostic procedures, case management, and administrative fees. Similarly, diagnostic clinics have also started including cervical cancer diagnostics tests in their reimbursement policies. For Instance, Roche’s cobas HPV Test is covered by Selah Genomics in its own certified laboratory. These favorable reimbursements coupled with the government initiatives will drive the cervical cancer diagnostic testing market during the forecast period. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10292938 Further, the report states that one challenge in the market is rising awareness toward cervical cancer over-screening. The medical authorities worldwide suggest that HPV test should replace current Pap smear test as the primary cervical cancer screening. Till now, most of the governments in the developed countries recommended women, to undergo Pap smear test once in every two years. With the adoption of the HPV testing, which suggests women undergo the test once in every five years, not only the over-screening will be reduced, but also the governments can save on overall healthcare budgets. Based on Roche’s Athena clinical trial, the FDA acknowledged their cobas HPV test and recommended HPV testing as a replacement to Pap smear test. Key questions answered in Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market report: What will the Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market? What are the challenges to Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market growth? Who are the key vendors in Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   No of Pages: 111 Price of Report: $ 3500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10292938 About Market Reports World: Market Reports World is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Market Reports World +1 408 520 9750 Email – sales@marketreportsworld.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBest Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry Report, Best Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report, Business, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry forecast, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry growth, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry Report, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry shares, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry size, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market analysis, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market growth, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market shares, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market size, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market trends, Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Report, Companies, Google News, Healthcare, Industry, Latest Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Industry Report, Latest Cervical Cancer Diagnostic Testing Market Report, Markets, Research, satPRnews, Space, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious K92 Mining Files Updated Independent Technical Report, Mineral Resource Estimate Update & Preliminary Economic Assessment of Irumafimpa & Kora Gold Deposits, Kainantu Project, Papua New Guinea Next PostNext Maha Energy AB: Announces Year End Reserve Update Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health Latest News: Evode Imena case: High Court postpones hearing of bail appeal OK Trust: key link to building sustainable systems – Kagame By: Eugene Kwibuka Published: February 19, 2017 News Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments President Kagame, Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Erna Solberg, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Norway speak on a panel discussion at the "Health Security: Small bugs, Big Bombs" conference in Munich, Germany yesterday. (Village Urugwiro) More in News Experts seek ways to reduce food wastage in Africa Kirehe fishermen apprehend drug dealers Leadership Retreat: Private Sector advocates for Agricultural Bank Efficient use of resources and trust between government institutions and citizens should be nurtured in order to build sustainable health systems, President Paul Kagame has said. The Head of State made the call yesterday while speaking on a panel about health security at the ongoing 53rd edition of Munich Security Conference in Germany, which brought together about 500 global leaders to discuss international security. Kagame said that partnership and the efficient use of resources to solve health problems are needed if countries are to build great health security systems. “Resources are very critical but it is not about throwing money at a problem. It is about understanding how to deploy resources and whether they are going to be used effectively to give us the results we want so we don’t keep repeating the same mistakes.” “If we don’t build systems that will last and keep helping in dealing with likely future problems then we are not doing much. We throw a lot of money at putting out fires but we are not putting systems that will outlast any particular problem. Sometimes the efforts circumvent systems in place instead of strengthening them so that they serve future purposes. This is an area where there is a weakness. We need to work on fixing this,” Kagame added. The president appeared on the health panel discussion alongside Bill Gates, Co-Chair of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Erna Solberg, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Norway and Peter Salama, Executive Director of Health Emergencies Programme at World Health Organisation. Stefan Oschmann, the Chief Executive Officer of Merck, a Germany-based technology company working in the areas of healthcare and life science, was also on the panel which was moderated by David Miliband, former Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in the United Kingdom and current President and Chief Executive Officer of International Rescue Committee. Kagame pointed to trust as a key factor in building and sustaining progress. “Absence of security originates from the state of mind of people. Once people in society have their full place, they will always make good contribution. Trust is important as a link between institutions, leaders and citizens,” he said as he shared Rwanda’s story of citizen participation in the gains achieved in health. Rwanda has made great strides in uplifting its healthcare services through initiatives such as the universal community-based health insurance scheme known as Mutuelle de Santé, fighting malaria, and significantly improving maternal health and child healthcare. It also uses thousands of volunteer health workers who are crucial for early reporting of diseases and providing basic medical first aid to patients at the grassroots level in their communities. The approach has led to drastic a 75% decline maternal mortality and over 80% decline child mortality in the last fifteen years. The country was lauded by several experts speaking at the Munich Security Conference for being exemplary in building strong health systems by leveraging partnerships with other stakeholders and using its own citizens to solve health problems. “Rwanda is an incredibly great example,” Gates said while emphasising the need to efficiently use any available resources to address health challenges. The Executive Director of Health Emergencies Programme at World Health Organisation said that countries need to build strong control systems and constantly document and report about any threats of diseases before they become major outbreaks. “Surveillance, timely reports, and Research and Development are needed in order to stay on the top of diseases,” Salama said. For more than fifty years, the Munich Security Conference (MSC) has become a major global forum for prominent world leaders to discuss security policy. It brings together decision-makers from around the world including; Heads of State, Ministers, representatives of international organisations, as well as media and academic personalities to engage in an intensive debate on current and future security challenges. editorial@newtimes.co.rw Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular The case for African contemporary dance in Rwanda Vaga Vybz: From a 'Vagabond' to dancehall maestro Kigali’s new Mayor has his work cut out ‘I am Kigali’ festival getting bigger, better MC Ange on her career journey and raising a family Knowless on her music career and raising a family Trust: key link to building sustainable systems – Kagame Leadership Retreat: Private Sector advocates for Agricultural Bank Letters Reading culture: the buck stops with the parents John Doe Careful what you call ‘our culture’ Mwene Kalinda Govt should restrict the size of land for personal homes Jean Leon Iragena & Semugeshi The UN theatrics shouldn't surprise anyone Ali Rukariza » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News Leonard Bell, M.D., Alexion’s Founder, Announces Plans to Retire as Chairman and Board Member NEW HAVEN, Conn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Leonard Bell, M.D., Founder of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN), has informed the Board of Directors that he will not stand for reelection as a Board member and will retire as Chairman of the Board and as a Director at the end of his term, effective as of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for May 10, 2017. In accepting Dr. Bell’s decision, the Board announced that it expects to appoint David Brennan, Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer and fellow Board member, to succeed Dr. Bell as Chairman. R. Douglas Norby, Alexion’s Lead Independent Director, said, “On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we want to extend our deep appreciation to Lenny for his extraordinary vision and leadership over the past 25 years. Lenny is a giant in the field of biotechnology and one of the industry’s true pioneers who helped usher in the era of modern medicine. His unwavering commitment and perseverance to medical research, his advocacy for serving patients and their families through breakthrough medical innovation, and his stewardship of the Company have all contributed to making Alexion the global biopharmaceutical leader it is today. As Lenny retires, we are very pleased that the Board plans on appointing David Brennan as our new Chairman following the Annual Meeting. David’s deep knowledge of Alexion, including the insights he is now gaining as our Interim CEO, make him ideally suited to serve as our next Chairman, and we look forward to his important ongoing contributions to the Company.” Dr. Bell said, “I am incredibly proud of all that we have achieved over the past 25 years since Alexion was founded, and I have great confidence in the future of the Company. Since my retirement as CEO in 2015, it has been highly gratifying to continue to work closely with the Board and management as Chairman. I am very much looking forward to spending increasing time with my family, and also exploring new and different opportunities. I am extremely grateful to and would like to thank all the employees of Alexion and, most importantly, encourage them to continue their important mission of discovering and developing new breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients who suffer from rare and devastating disorders.” Interim CEO David Brennan said, “Since joining the Alexion Board of Directors in 2014 and being named Interim CEO late last year, I have gotten to know and deeply respect Lenny for the exceptional foresight and determination he so passionately brings to Alexion. He will be missed, and it will be my distinct honor to succeed him as Chairman. Since becoming Interim CEO, I am even more impressed with Alexion, the caliber of our employees, and their commitment to serving patients with our transformative therapies. Our team is focused on our mission, and we are working hard to drive significant, long-term growth that benefits all of our stakeholders. The Board and I look forward to partnering with Alexion’s new CEO, once he or she is announced, to continue the Company’s progress and to execute on our strategy as a leader and innovator in the global biopharmaceutical industry.” About Leonard Bell, M.D. Dr. Bell was the principal founder of Alexion in 1992 and served as the Chief Executive Officer from the Company’s inception until he retired as CEO on March 31, 2015. Under his leadership Alexion grew to become a global biopharmaceutical company with employees serving patients with severe and life-threatening disorders in 50 countries through fully integrated research, discovery, development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Prior to founding Alexion, Dr. Bell was an attending physician at Yale-New Haven Hospital and Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine, where he also received his M.D. degree. Dr. Bell was a recipient of the numerous awards and honors as an academic scientist prior to founding Alexion. Dr. Bell received his A.B. from Brown University and M.D. from Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Bell is currently an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine. About David R. Brennan Mr. Brennan has been serving as Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer since December 2016, while the Company conducts a search for a permanent CEO. Once that new CEO is identified, Mr. Brennan will continue as Alexion’s Chairman. Mr. Brennan has been a Director of Alexion since July 2014 and has served on the Strategy and Risk Committee, the Quality Compliance Committee, and the Science and Innovation Committee. From 2006 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of AstraZeneca PLC, one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Brennan worked for AstraZeneca in increasing roles of responsibility, including as Executive Vice President of North America from 2001 to 2006 and as Senior Vice President of Commercialization and Portfolio Management from 1999 to 2001. Prior to the merger of Astra AB and Zeneca Plc, he served as Senior Vice President of Business Planning and Development of Astra Pharmaceuticals LP, the American subsidiary of Astra AB. Mr. Brennan began his career in 1975 at Merck and Co. Inc., where he rose from Sales Representative in the U.S. Division to General Manager of Chibret International, a French subsidiary of Merck. He received a BA in business administration from Gettysburg College, where he is a member of the Board of Trustees. About Alexion Alexion is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and delivering life-transforming therapies for patients with devastating and rare disorders. Alexion is the global leader in complement inhibition and has developed and commercializes the first and only approved complement inhibitor to treat patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), two life-threatening ultra-rare disorders. In addition, Alexion’s metabolic franchise includes two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare disorders, hypophosphatasia (HPP) and lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). Alexion is advancing its rare disease pipeline with highly innovative product candidates in multiple therapeutic areas. This press release and further information about Alexion can be found at: www.alexion.com. [ALXN-G] Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements often include words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “will,” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to factors that may cause Alexion’s results and plans to differ from those expected, including for example, risks related to potential disruptions to our business as a result of the leadership changes, the risk that hiring a new CEO may take longer than anticipated, and a variety of other risks set forth from time to time in Alexion’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the risks discussed in Alexion’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Alexion does not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except when a duty arises under law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, division, general, honor, hospital, Industry, officer, Science, section, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SpartanNash Board of Directors Approves CEO Succession Plan Next PostNext BHG and AccorHotels announce a partnership to manage 26 hotels in Brazil Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Leonard Bell, M.D., Alexion’s Founder, Announces Plans to Retire as Chairman and Board Member By Published: Mar 2, 2017 4:05 p.m. ET Share Board Expects to Appoint Interim CEO, David Brennan, to Succeed Dr. Bell as Chairman NEW HAVEN, Conn., Mar 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Leonard Bell, M.D., Founder of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. ALXN, -1.23% has informed the Board of Directors that he will not stand for reelection as a Board member and will retire as Chairman of the Board and as a Director at the end of his term, effective as of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for May 10, 2017. In accepting Dr. Bell’s decision, the Board announced that it expects to appoint David Brennan, Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer and fellow Board member, to succeed Dr. Bell as Chairman. R. Douglas Norby, Alexion’s Lead Independent Director, said, “On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we want to extend our deep appreciation to Lenny for his extraordinary vision and leadership over the past 25 years. Lenny is a giant in the field of biotechnology and one of the industry’s true pioneers who helped usher in the era of modern medicine. His unwavering commitment and perseverance to medical research, his advocacy for serving patients and their families through breakthrough medical innovation, and his stewardship of the Company have all contributed to making Alexion the global biopharmaceutical leader it is today. As Lenny retires, we are very pleased that the Board plans on appointing David Brennan as our new Chairman following the Annual Meeting. David’s deep knowledge of Alexion, including the insights he is now gaining as our Interim CEO, make him ideally suited to serve as our next Chairman, and we look forward to his important ongoing contributions to the Company.” Dr. Bell said, “I am incredibly proud of all that we have achieved over the past 25 years since Alexion was founded, and I have great confidence in the future of the Company. Since my retirement as CEO in 2015, it has been highly gratifying to continue to work closely with the Board and management as Chairman. I am very much looking forward to spending increasing time with my family, and also exploring new and different opportunities. I am extremely grateful to and would like to thank all the employees of Alexion and, most importantly, encourage them to continue their important mission of discovering and developing new breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients who suffer from rare and devastating disorders.” Interim CEO David Brennan said, “Since joining the Alexion Board of Directors in 2014 and being named Interim CEO late last year, I have gotten to know and deeply respect Lenny for the exceptional foresight and determination he so passionately brings to Alexion. He will be missed, and it will be my distinct honor to succeed him as Chairman. Since becoming Interim CEO, I am even more impressed with Alexion, the caliber of our employees, and their commitment to serving patients with our transformative therapies. Our team is focused on our mission, and we are working hard to drive significant, long-term growth that benefits all of our stakeholders. The Board and I look forward to partnering with Alexion’s new CEO, once he or she is announced, to continue the Company’s progress and to execute on our strategy as a leader and innovator in the global biopharmaceutical industry.” About Leonard Bell, M.D. Dr. Bell was the principal founder of Alexion in 1992 and served as the Chief Executive Officer from the Company’s inception until he retired as CEO on March 31, 2015. Under his leadership Alexion grew to become a global biopharmaceutical company with employees serving patients with severe and life-threatening disorders in 50 countries through fully integrated research, discovery, development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Prior to founding Alexion, Dr. Bell was an attending physician at Yale-New Haven Hospital and Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine, where he also received his M.D. degree. Dr. Bell was a recipient of the numerous awards and honors as an academic scientist prior to founding Alexion. Dr. Bell received his A.B. from Brown University and M.D. from Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Bell is currently an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine. About David R. Brennan Mr. Brennan has been serving as Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer since December 2016, while the Company conducts a search for a permanent CEO. Once that new CEO is identified, Mr. Brennan will continue as Alexion’s Chairman. Mr. Brennan has been a Director of Alexion since July 2014 and has served on the Strategy and Risk Committee, the Quality Compliance Committee, and the Science and Innovation Committee. From 2006 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of AstraZeneca PLC, one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Brennan worked for AstraZeneca in increasing roles of responsibility, including as Executive Vice President of North America from 2001 to 2006 and as Senior Vice President of Commercialization and Portfolio Management from 1999 to 2001. Prior to the merger of Astra AB and Zeneca Plc, he served as Senior Vice President of Business Planning and Development of Astra Pharmaceuticals LP, the American subsidiary of Astra AB. Mr. Brennan began his career in 1975 at Merck and Co. Inc., where he rose from Sales Representative in the U.S. Division to General Manager of Chibret International, a French subsidiary of Merck. He received a BA in business administration from Gettysburg College, where he is a member of the Board of Trustees. About Alexion Alexion is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and delivering life-transforming therapies for patients with devastating and rare disorders. Alexion is the global leader in complement inhibition and has developed and commercializes the first and only approved complement inhibitor to treat patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), two life-threatening ultra-rare disorders. In addition, Alexion’s metabolic franchise includes two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare disorders, hypophosphatasia (HPP) and lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). Alexion is advancing its rare disease pipeline with highly innovative product candidates in multiple therapeutic areas. This press release and further information about Alexion can be found at: www.alexion.com. [ALXN-G] Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements often include words such as "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "will," or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to factors that may cause Alexion's results and plans to differ from those expected, including for example, risks related to potential disruptions to our business as a result of the leadership changes, the risk that hiring a new CEO may take longer than anticipated, and a variety of other risks set forth from time to time in Alexion's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the risks discussed in Alexion's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Alexion does not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except when a duty arises under law. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170302006271/en/ SOURCE: Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. Alexion: Media Stephanie Fagan, 475-230-3777 Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications or Kim Diamond, 475-230-3775 Executive Director, Corporate Communications or Investors Elena Ridloff, CFA, 475-230-3601 Vice President, Investor Relations Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References ALXN -1.66 -1.23% Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: ALXN $133.33 -1.66 (-1.23%) Volume 1.2M Open $134.86 High $135.86 Low $133.07 P/E Ratio 76.19 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 30.3B
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Technology Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: 2017 Forty Under 40 class Forefront The Interview Issue Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Technology Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2017 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events Technology Aerospace & Defense Life Sciences Manufacturing & Logistics Fast 25 CTO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Commercial Real Estate & Construction Health Care & Benefits Economic Forecast Women of Influence Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Engage Indiana CFO of the Year Register for event 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2017 Honorees Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Drug companies willing to spend big in pursuit of Alzheimer's cure Drug companies willing to spend big in pursuit of Alzheimer's cure March 2, 2017 Bloomberg News KEYWORDS Health Care / Eli Lilly and Co. / Diseases / Alzheimer's disease / Health Care Businesses / Health Care & Life Sciences / Health Care & Insurance Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Alzheimer’s prevention seen promising as drug cures fail Alzheimer’s targeted in $45M government study grant Merck stops Alzheimer's study after 'no chance' of benefit Lilly foe still testing Alzheimer's theory where others failed Alzheimer’s tests present dilemma of knowing the future Related Products 19 Stars of Indiana (Women) 19 Stars of Indiana (Men) Food for Thought: an Indiana Harvest Related Events CFO of the Year Women of Influence Conexus - The State of Manufacturing & Logistics Alzheimer’s disease is rewriting the rules of drug discovery, with a handful of companies abandoning caution to keep pursuing an elusive hypothesis because the potential payoff is so great. Even the merely forgetful, whose lives have yet to be derailed by the disease, have become candidates for clinical tests. Scanning the brain for telltale signs of Alzheimer’s earlier—and ratcheting up drug dosage—may help turn failures into breakthroughs, said Andrea Pfeifer, CEO of AC Immune SA. The Swiss company’s partner on its experimental drug, pharmaceutical giant Roche Holding AG, said this week it will embark on a second advanced test, undeterred by a failed intermediate trial. Pfeifer’s optimism is a case study of the industry’s unusually high risk tolerance on Alzheimer’s, where more than 100 experimental drugs have already failed—with two recent setbacks from  Merck & Co. and Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly and Co. Like Roche and its partner, Biogen Inc. is chipping away at the same target that has eluded rivals. Merck and Lilly have opted to keep testing their medicines in patients showing only hints of the degenerative disease. Each advanced trial can cost hundreds of millions of dollars, according to Lilly. “It’s always a question—are you throwing good money after bad?” said Birgit Kulhoff, a fund manager for Rahn & Bodmer Co. in Zurich. “If you were to be successful, it would be an extremely big market.” Drugs that halt the progress of Alzheimer’s disease could be a market worth as much as $30 billion in the U.S. alone, Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. analysts estimate. Cancer is the only other disease for which companies are this willing to look deep into a failed study for a positive trend to chase, Kulhoff said, and Alzheimer’s tests are probably more expensive because researchers follow patients for longer and monitor them closely. The drugmakers wouldn’t disclose how much they have spent on clinical tests. A final-stage trial in Alzheimer’s disease can cost north of $200 million, according to Eric Schmidt, an analyst with Cowen & Co. Such a study in a cancer like melanoma would tend to be much smaller and could cost about $50 million to $100 million, he said. Just arranging and administering the brain scans needed to make sure people have signs of the disease cost about $15,000 to $20,000 per person in a small test, according to AC Immune. Roche made its cost-benefit calculation two and a half years ago. Crenezumab, the medicine it’s working on with AC Immune, had failed to help patients think more clearly or retrieve memories in a mid-stage trial, a hurdle potential drugs usually must clear before they go into the last, largest and most expensive stage of clinical studies. One target Instead of abandoning the compound, Roche looked at a trend toward benefit in the least sick patients and spent the next two years figuring out how high it could safely ratchet up the dose. Then last year, it started another 750-patient study, with results expected in 2021. Now it’s embarking on a separate trial, also with 750 patients with a very mild form of the disease. It’s unclear how that test will differ from the first one. It’s also trying a higher dose for another Alzheimer’s compound, gantenerumab, after a late-stage trial failure. Both Roche drugs are aimed at protein pieces called beta amyloid that clump together in the brain and are thought to play a role in triggering the disease. Trouble is, so did the Lilly medicine that failed a test in patients last year. Last month’s unsuccessful  trial from Merck also centered on beta amyloid as a target, although the type of medicine was thought to prevent the substance from forming. Those failures have cast doubt on the whole approach. Two strikes “Clearly those are two strikes against that theory,” Brent Saunders, the chief executive of U.S. specialty-drug maker Allergan Plc, said in New York last week. “My hope is that we’ll keep going, but we’ll see.” Allergan is thinking hard before starting patient trials on an experimental drug that belongs to the same family of drugs as Merck’s after seeing the two recent failures, according to Saunders. The company also sells medicines that temporarily ease symptoms of the disease—the sole form of treatment currently available. Alzheimer’s disease is on the rise across wealthy countries as their populations age. Globally, dementia unseated AIDS as one of the top 10 killers in the World Health Organization’s latest rankings. “We’re not going to have a reversible cure any time in the near future,” said Phyllis Ferrell, who leads Lilly’s Alzheimer’s program. Still, “I think in our lifetime we will have something that slows this disease.” Too optimistic? Darryle Schoepp, the head of neuroscience research at Merck, acknowledges that the industry may have been “a little too optimistic” about Alzheimer’s trials, but said all the years of painful outcomes have taught companies how best to test their theories. While Merck is also looking at what’s next beyond beta amyloid, Schoepp says the big unanswered question is whether stopping the buildup before dementia begins can make a dent in the disease—something it’s testing in another big final-stage trial. “The disappointing news is that once you have mild to moderate dementia, stopping the production of plaque will not help you,” Schoepp said. Similarly, for AC Immune CEO Pfeifer, all the failures are signposts on the path toward eventual success, as scientists get better at peering into the brain, identifying Alzheimer’s potential before patients become very sick and figuring out which antibodies attack amyloid beta at its most toxic stages. She compared the Alzheimer’s field to where the study of cancer stood when she was a young oncology researcher at the National Institutes of Health in the U.S. some 30 years ago. “We are now finally getting to the molecular level where I think the science in Alzheimer’s has to go,” Pfeifer said. “We were just not scientifically exact enough. That’s where I have big hopes.” Another drugmaker that’s faced questions (despite largely positive results) is still gung-ho about the beta amyloid route. Gilmore O’Neil, an executive in clinical development at Biogen, says many industry studies so far have looked at patients who were already so sick that they’d probably be beyond saving even if the hypothesis were true—or patients that may not have had Alzheimer’s disease at all. Brain swelling After promising initial findings, Biogen pushed its top compound, aducanumab, into final-stage studies immediately without running an intermediate study to confirm the early findings. Subsequent analysis wasn’t all positive: lower doses didn’t show a cognitive benefit and the drug was linked to a swelling of the brain. Lilly also hasn’t abandoned the quest. It has 10 projects being tested in humans, including a molecule, partnered with AstraZeneca Plc, in the same family as the Merck compound that failed most recently. Like other drugmakers, it’s seeking earlier patients—including in some cases people who merely have brain scans showing amyloid and aren’t showing signs of forgetfulness at all. “It’s like cancer,” said Ferrell. “You want to catch it at stage one, not at stage four.” Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Bloomberg News Department store chain Gordmans facing bankruptcy HHGregg could file bankruptcy as soon as next week Chinese firm working with Lilly gets positive results on cancer drug Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Development taking off in east-side corridor Storied racetrack revved for a restart under new owner Most Read Comments Most Emailed Portillo's confirms plans for Fishers restaurant Restaurant owners charged with underreporting $1.8M in sales Storied racetrack revved for a restart under new owner Salesforce unveils sign design for namesake tower HHGregg preparing to file for bankruptcy, sources say Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events Stay on top of Indy’s tech scene Find out what’s new and what’s next at IBJ’s Technology Power Breakfast on March 16. Hear from top tech entrepreneurs, investors and up-and-comers who are building the city’s technology economy, and network with many more of the movers and shakers in tech. For more information, visit www.ibj.com/events. Indiana's Aerospace & Defense sector is larger than you think. Learn more at our event April 21st. Tickets are available now! Engage with experts as they discuss promising science, tech & talent in central IN life sciences. Get your tickets today! Nominations Has your company seen rapid growth in the past 3 years? Nominate them today for IBJ's Fast 25! More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Drug Companies Block Shareholders' Voting on Price Transparency The Wall Street Journal. Peter Loftus 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 tips for saving money at Costco and big box stores Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats Click to expand Replay Video Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC's Ylan Mui reports on Ivanka Trump's push for child care tax credits. CNBC Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners The rise of navigation apps is causing problems for city planners due drivers being re-routed to residential areas. CNBC GM bets smaller is better Its sale of its European operations is the biggest step in GM's drive to become smaller but more profitable. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Opinion Journal: Drug Price Controls: Coming to a State Near You The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC1:34 Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners CNBC0:47 GM bets smaller is better Reuters1:28 Buying music vs. streaming: Which is better and why Wochit Tech0:38 Why Canada wants to move quickly on NAFTA talks Bloomberg4:15 Must-know credit card benefits The Wall Street Journal.0:39 Things that make your car insurance cost more MoneyTalksNews1:46 These toys are made in the US CNN Money1:16 India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Reuters1:37 Four tips for tax season The Wall Street Journal.0:43 The wackiest certifications you can get The Washington Post1:48 Virtual currency is now worth more than gold Wochit Business0:56 A typo at Amazon caused the internet to crash Veuer0:43 Secret Uber program reportedly let drivers avoid authorities for years Newsy1:14 No bonus for Mayer after millions of Yahoo hacks Reuters0:50 The Rust Belt gave Trump his victory. Now these voters want jobs. CNN Money9:41 UP NEXT Several major U.S. drug companies have squelched an investor campaign aimed at forcing companies to disclose more information about when and why they raise prices. Popular Searches Full House Resorts Inc FLL ▼ 2.24 -0.04 -1.75% SembCorp Marine Ltd SMBMY ▲ 10.21 +0.06 +0.54% CBL & Associates Properties Inc CBL ▼ 9.97 -0.26 -2.54% Ascena Retail Group Inc ASNA ▲ 4.50 +0.06 +1.35% In October, a group of institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, submitted shareholder proposals asking 11 U.S. drug companies, including Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., to issue reports listing average annual price increases for their top-selling drugs between 2010 and 2016, and to state the rationale for the increases. The investors asked the companies to include the proposals on proxy ballots that will be put to shareholder votes at annual meetings this spring. But 10 of the companies plan to omit the drug-price transparency proposals from their proxy ballots, generally on the grounds that they would interfere with “ordinary business,” according to company documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. An SEC rule allows a company to omit a shareholder proposal from a proxy ballot if the proposal deals with the company’s ordinary day-to-day business operations, rather than a “significant social-policy issue.” The SEC notified 10 companies that it won’t pursue any enforcement actions if the companies exclude the drug-price proposals, according to letters posted on the SEC’s website. The investor group withdrew the transparency proposal it had submitted to the 11th drug company, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., because the company said it hasn’t raised the prices of its drugs and shared information about its approach to drug pricing, according to a spokeswoman for the investor group. The investors, which own shares of the companies, are members of the New York-based Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Different members of the group sent the proposals to different drug companies. Merck sent a letter to the SEC in January saying it planned to omit a price-transparency proposal submitted by several Catholic religious orders. Merck called the proposal “a clear attempt to exert influence on the pricing decisions made by the Merck management team. Such an attempt is perhaps the perfect example of ‘micromanaging’ the business affairs of Merck,” the letter said. A Merck spokeswoman said the company recently released information about its price increases that allows people to understand its practices while protecting proprietary information negotiated with customers.© Associated Press Pfizer said in a letter to the SEC in January that it should be permitted to exclude a transparency proposal submitted by Trinity Health, a Catholic hospital group, and other religious shareholders. Pfizer said it has already addressed the underlying concerns of the proposal by disclosing on its website and in SEC filings its rationale for pricing decisions. A Pfizer spokeswoman declined to comment beyond the letter. “We’re really disappointed the companies did not allow their shareholders to express themselves on this issue,” said Donna Meyer, director of shareholder advocacy for Interfaith member Mercy Investment Services Inc. of St. Louis, which runs retirement funds for the Roman Catholic congregation Sisters of Mercy. Ms. Meyer said Interfaith investors plan to attend several of the drug companies’ annual meetings to ask boards of directors about drug pricing. She said price increases pose a risk to the companies’ long-term prosperity because they could hurt corporate reputations and trigger government action. She also said the U.S. health-care system can’t afford continuing drug price increases, and the lack of transparency is hurting the system. The drug industry has faced mounting criticism for high and rising drug costs. In response, some companies have put limits on their price increases this year, though the median increase was little changed from last year, at 8.9%. Some companies also have begun to release more information about pricing, including Merck and Johnson & Johnson . A J&J spokeswoman said the company’s transparency report “is a significant step forward in addressing stakeholders’ transparency concerns.” She said the SEC determined that the transparency shareholder proposal is “appropriately excluded” from the company’s proxy statement. Ms. Meyer said the Merck and J&J transparency reports don’t go far enough because they don’t provide details about individual product price increases, and only provide averages across the companies’ product lineups. “We didn’t feel it was what the public needs to either decide on the value of a drug or to try to keep drug prices within reason,” she said. The other companies that petitioned the SEC to exclude the price transparency proposals from proxy ballots are Amgen Inc., AbbVie Inc., Biogen Inc., Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., Eli Lilly & Co., Gilead Sciences Inc., and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. Write to Peter Loftus at peter.loftus@wsj.com Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Nissan Note Gains on Prius by Accelerating Like a Sports Car The Wall Street Journal. Australian Winemaker Abandons Plans for IPO The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Most-read: Howard Hughes Corp. submits redevelopment plan for former American Cyanamid site March 2, 2017 at 8:33 AM The Howard Hughes Corp. earlier this month submitted its ambitious master plan to redevelop the 653-acre former American Cyanamid site in West Windsor Township. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News Mumps Market Set to Witness an Uptick during 2016 – 2024 -Persistence Market Research The Mumps Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Mumps Market : Key Players The major players operating in the mumps market include GlaxoSmithKline plc. Serum Institute of India and Merck & Co. Mumps Market : Regional Overview Based on geography, the market has been segmented into the following regions: North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America is expected to lead the mumps market, owing to higher rates of vaccination coupled with the expensive cost of vaccination and treatment. Moreover, the recent 2016 outbreaks in the U.S. shall increase the demand for mumps preventive and treatment therapies in the immediate future. The mumps market in Asia is anticipated to register the third spot after Europe, which is expected to take second largest share in the market during the forecast period. Since 1993, Japan has ceased using the combination vaccine for mumps, measles and rubella (MMR) in routine immunizations, owing to severe side effects in some vaccine recipients, notably non-viral meningitis. However, in Japan, certain vaccines, such as those for mumps and hepatitis B, are not part of the national immunization programs. Thus, the legal scenario in Japan is likely to promote the indigenous production of a safer MMR vaccine, thus offering less opportunity to global players to invest in the market. In countries that have sound vaccination campaigns, mumps has become quite rare. This is, however, not the case in South Africa since the measles, mumps, rubella vaccine (MMR) is only available through the private sector. Thus, effectively priced vaccines could help lower the incidence of mumps in the Africa market. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGeography, Google News, Legal, major, Markets, Mumps Market, private, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nerdio’s IT-as-a-Service (ITaaS) Platform Now Delivers Enhanced Backup & Disaster Recovery Next PostNext Orthopedic Implants Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth 2016 – 2024 -Persistence Market Research Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News Eosinophilic Asthma Treatment Market Expected to Witness a Sustainable Growth Over 2016 – 2024 -Persistence Market Research The Eosinophilic Asthma Treatment Market  report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Global Eosinophilic Asthma Treatment Market: Key Players Currently, the global eosinophilic treatment market is highly competitive owing to the involvement of many established players. Some of the key players in the eosinophilic treatment market are. Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Roche, Pfizer, Sanofi, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca, Bayer and Gilead. Global Eosinophilic Asthma Treatment Market: Region-wise Outlook From the global perspective, North America accounts for the largest market share for eosinophilic asthma treatment market owing to the rising demand of asthma lowering drugs owing to the increasing incidences of allergens causing the eosinophilic asthma. High adoption rate of eosinophilic asthma treatment in North America probably will help the region to retain the position of the leading region in the forecast years.  However, other regions like Latin America, Asia Pacific, and Europe are expected to be probable markets in coming years. Across emerging markets, Latin America and Asia Pacific, the eosinophilic asthma treatment market is expected to have a strong growth in the forecast years. Due to the extensive awareness about the eosinophilic asthma treatment, these areas are most likely to be potential markets for eosinophilic asthma treatment. Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content@  http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/eosinophilic-asthma-treatment-market.asp   CategoriesUncategorized TagsEosinophilic Asthma Treatment Market, Google News, Markets, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artillery Fire Control System Market Poised to Expand at a Robust Pace Over 2016 – 2026 : Persistence Market Research Next PostNext USAID Intensifies Efforts to Boost Agricultural Opportunities Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Judge rejects motion for new Bridgegate trial, pushes sentencing date back two days Source: POLITICO New Jersey March 2, 2017 at 8:22 AM The Bridgategate defendants will learn their fate on the Ides of March. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Moody's calls Borgata tax settlement a "major step forward" Source: The Press of Atlantic City March 2, 2017 at 8:24 AM The $72 million tax settlement between Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa and the city’s state overseers is a “major step forward” in fixing the city’s finances, Moody’s Investors Service said Wednesday. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Accumulate J.B. Chemicals; target of Rs 386: CD Equisearch - REC to give Rs 39000 cr in loans to KPCL, BESCOM in next 5 years Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Mar 02, 2017, 02.47 PM | Source: PTI Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Post Your Comments Share Cancel | 1 Comments Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's contraceptive product. "Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc USA and Evestra Inc have completed a strategic development, licence and commercialisation agreement to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's NuvaRing product -- etonogestrel and ethinyl estradiol vaginal ring...," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals said in a statement. Development on the vaginal ring product is currently under way and the two companies expect to file an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) in fiscal 2019, it added. As per the agreement, Evestra will develop this product exclusively for Glenmark for the US market and will receive certain milestone payments during various stages of its development, including royalties on net sales, Glenmark said. "The partnership with Evestra... expands our portfolio into a leading non-daily contraceptive option prescribed for millions of women in the US," Glenmark Pharmaceuticals North America and Global API President Robert Matsuk said. Glenmark has secured exclusive marketing and distribution rights for the product, including an option to commercialise two additional Evestra vaginal ring products, for the US market. Evestra Inc President and CEO Ze'ev Shaked said: "This is an important US-based strategic partnership for Evestra." By aligning "our efforts, we expect to make great strides in improving women's healthcare and access to options that are significantly more accessible due to their lower costs", he added. Merck's IMS Health NuvaRing registered sales of USD 768 million in 2016 in the US market, Glenmark said. NuvaRing is an estrogen and progestin combination hormonal contraceptive indicated for use by women to prevent pregnancy, it added. The stock of Glenmark Pharmaceuticals was today trading at Rs 920.25 in the afternoon on BSE, down 0.99 percent from its previous close. Tags  Drug firm Glenmark Pharma Evestra Inc Merck & Co US market Robert Matsuk BSE Related Stories Glenmark Pharma and Evestra announce partnership agreement for generic NuvaRing Glenmark Pharma's Ankleshwar plant gets 4 FDA observations Glenmark Pharmaceuticals today said it has receive Hold Glenmark Pharmaceuticals; target of Rs 820: Edelweiss Edelweiss recommended hold rating on Glenmark Phar Buy Glenmark Pharma; target of Rs 1110: Religare Religare is bullish on Glenmark Pharma has recomme Set email alert for Glenmark : Set Alert Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Glenmark, Evestra enter pact for generic contraceptive product Wire News Platinum Member 722 Followers News Now Drug firm Glenmark Pharmaceuticals has joined hands with Evestra Inc to develop and market a generic version of Merck & Co's contraceptive product.... http://t.in.com/76J7 Reply  |  Rate  |  Click if offensive  |  Share  |  Repost See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Reliance Capital to sell its stake in Paytm to Alibaba: Sources Half of Bharat Fin's at-risk portfolio likely to go bad: Analyst Cabinet may approve new coal linkage policy next week: Sources You can soon pool your private car, if Uber has its way Nasscom may appoint special committee to discuss H-1B visa: Srcs New travel ban doesn't keep US safe: Indian-American lawmakers India announces new licensing policy to boost oil output Tata Motors debuts sports car with TAMO Racemo Finance Bill to be passed before March 31: Arun Jaitley See all Video of the day Don't chase mkt, wait for better price points: Birla Sun Life MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers E-Learning Franchise Opportunity India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News PureTech Appoints Bharatt Chowrira as President 2 March 2017 PureTech Health plc   PureTech Health Appoints Bharatt Chowrira, Ph.D., J.D., as President and Chief of Business and Strategy Biopharmaceutical veteran brings strong track record of value realisation with multiple billion dollar deals and collaborations PureTech Health plc (“PureTech” or the “Company”, LSE: PRTC), a cross-disciplinary biopharmaceutical company, today announced the appointment of Bharatt Chowrira, Ph.D., J.D., as the Company’s President and Chief of Business and Strategy. In this new role, Dr. Chowrira will work as a close partner to PureTech’s Chief Executive on strategy, corporate and business development, and value realisation across PureTech Health’s pipeline.   “We are thrilled to have Bharatt join PureTech Health and bring his diverse experience and deal-making track record to our team as we rapidly approach key value-driving milestones,” said Daphne Zohar, Chief Executive Officer of PureTech Health.   “PureTech Health has an all-star team and an exciting, advanced pipeline which I believe has tremendous value. I look forward to working closely with Daphne and other members of this exceptional team and prestigious board to realise some of this value and raise the profile of the company with a broader group of investors and analysts. This is an exciting time to join one of the most innovative companies in healthcare and biotech,” Dr. Chowrira commented.   Dr. Chowrira joins PureTech Health with more than two decades of experience in the biopharma industry, combining a unique blend of R&D, corporate development, operations, financing, public offering, M&A, legal, IP, and licensing expertise. Dr. Chowrira was most recently the President of Synlogic, a Cambridge, MA-based biopharmaceutical company focused on developing synthetic microbiome-based therapeutics, where he oversaw and managed corporate and business development, alliance management, financial, HR, IP, and legal operations. Prior to joining Synlogic, Dr. Chowrira was the Chief Operating Officer of Auspex Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Teva Pharmaceuticals in the spring of 2015 for $3.5 billion. Previously, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Addex Therapeutics, a biotechnology company publicly-traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Before that, he held various leadership and management positions at Nektar Therapeutics, Merck & Co., Sirna Therapeutics (acquired by Merck & Co. for $1.1 billion), and Ribozyme Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Chowrira also serves on the board of Critical Outcome Technologies, Inc. He has a J.D. from the University of Denver’s Sturm College of Law, a Ph.D. in Molecular Biology from the University of Vermont College of Medicine, an M.S. in Molecular Biology from Illinois State University, and a B.S. in Microbiology from the UAS, Bangalore, India.   About PureTech Health PureTech Health (PureTech Health plc, PRTC.L) is a cross-disciplinary biopharmaceutical company creating 21st century medicines that modulate the adaptive human systems. Our therapies target the immune, nervous, and gastro-intestinal systems by addressing the underlying pathophysiology of disease from a systems perspective rather than through a single receptor or pathway. We have multiple human proof-of-concept studies and pivotal or registration studies expected to read out in the next two years. PureTech Health’s rich and growing research and development pipeline has been developed in collaboration with some of the world’s leading scientific experts who, along with PureTech’s experienced team and board, analyse more than 650 scientific discoveries per year to identify and advance only the opportunities we believe hold the most promise for patients. This team and process place PureTech Health on the cutting edge of ground-breaking science and technological innovation and leads the Company between and beyond existing disciplines. For more information, visit www.puretechhealth.com or connect with us on Twitter.   Forward Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to the company’s future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the regulatory filings for PureTech Health plc. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, neither the company nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   For further information: PureTech Health FTI Consulting   Allison Mead +1 617 651 3156 amead@puretechhealth.com   Ben Atwell +44 (0) 20 3727 1000           CategoriesUncategorized Tagsadvance, Business, Companies, company, Environment, Health, Industry, Legal, officer, Science, star, Technology, Uncategorized, veteran, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Share Information Next PostNext P&ouml;yry awarded owner’s engineer services assignment for Nam Theun 1 hydro project in Laos Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Insulin Biosimilars Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, 2016 Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Insulin Biosimilars Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 02, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Insulin Biosimilars market is accounted for $xx million in 2015 and is expected to reach $xx million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of xx% from 2015 to 2022. Growing pervasiveness of type 1 diabetes and ongoing approvals by the government authorities are nurturing the market growth. Some drivers such as growing population exposures, technological developments and favorable medical repayment scenario in developed countries are poised to favour the market growth. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/insulin-biosimilars-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 However, patent protection rights of Insulin and strong vengeance from the key manufacturers are some of the restraints limiting the market. North America led the insulin biosimilars market due to rising demand for insulin in the region. Europe is anticipated to account for second largest share and Asia Pacific is expected to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. APAC players are competing on the basis of price and have pool of patients affected by diabetes, thus fueling the market growth. Some of the key players operating in the market include Eli Lilly & Co., Boehringer Ingelheim, Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Biocon, Mylan N.V., Merck & Co., Pfizer Inc., Sanofi S.A., Ypsomed AG, NOVO Nordisk A/S and Wockhardt Limited. Disease Indications Covered: - Type I Diabetes - Type II Diabetes Biosimilars Types Covered: - Long-Acting Biosimilars - Premixed Biosimilars - Rapid-Acting Biosimilars Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564963/sample Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 9.1 Eli Lilly & Co. 9.2 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 9.3 Biocon Limited 9.4 Mylan N.V. 9.5 Merck & Co. 9.6 Pfizer Inc. 9.7 Sanofi S.A. 9.8 Ypsomed AG 9.9 NOVO Nordisk A/S 9.10 Wockhardt Limited Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564963/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Sterile Filtration Global Market Research Methodology, Research Scope Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Sterile Filtration Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, March 02, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Sterile Filtration Market is accounted for $4.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 12.7% during the forecast period. Factors such as increasing prevalence of diabetes & kidney failure, enhanced R&D funding and growing demand for biopharmaceutical molecules are driving the market growth. However, strict government rules for validation of filtration process may hamper the market. The emerging markets will provide new growth opportunities for this market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/sterile-filtration-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Pharmaceutical & biotechnology segment dominated the global market with largest share in 2015. This is attributed to the more usage of sterile filtration techniques in manufacturing process involved in pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies. North America accounted for largest share in the global market owing to increased R&D spending. Some of the key players in Sterile Filtration market include Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd., 3M, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., Sterlitech Corporation, General Electric Company, Pall Corporation, Porvair Filtration Group and Parker Hannifin Corp. Applications Covered: - Fill-finish Process o Syrups o Large-volume Parenterals o Small-volume Parenterals - Virus Filtration - Bioprocesses o Bioburden Control o Cell Culture Growth Media o Vaccines o Recombinant Proteins o Pharma Drugs o Buffer Filtration o Other Bioprocesses - Pre-Filtration - Utilities Filtration o Water o Air and Gas - Other Applications Membrane Pore Sizes Covered: - 0.45 Microns - 0.22 Microns - 0.1 Micron Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564979/sample End Users Covered: - Food & Beverage Industry - Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies - Water Filtration Companies - Academic Institutes & Research Laboratories Products Covered: - Bottle-top Vacuum Filters - Filtration Accessories - Cartridge & Capsules - Membrane Filters o PVDF Membrane Filters o MCE Membrane Filters o PES Membrane Filters o Cellulose Acetate Membrane Filters o Nylon Membrane Filters o PTFE Membrane Filters - Filter Funnels & Holders - Syringe Filters - Other Products Regions Covered: - North America o US o Canada o Mexico - Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 11.1 Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd. 11.2 3M 11.3 Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. 11.4 Sigma-Aldrich Corporation 11.5 Merck & Co., Inc. 11.6 Sterlitech Corporation 11.7 General Electric Company 11.8 Pall Corporation 11.9 Porvair Filtration Group 11.10 Parker Hannifin Corp Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001564979/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   SMi Group Press Release Receive press releases from SMi Group: By Email RSS Feeds: Seer Pharma Explores Risk Management in Pharmaceutical Logistics Seer Pharma Director Bob Hayes joins the expert speaker line-up for the 11th annual Pharmaceutical Logistics conference on the 18th and 19th of May in London. London, United Kingdom, March 02, 2017 --(PR.com)-- SMi are delighted to announce that Bob Hayes, Director at Seer Pharma, will be co-chairing the conference with Exelsius CEO, Tony Wright. Bob will also be presenting a keynote on risk management where he explores regulatory requirements for risk-based approach to GDP compliance. His presentation will also look into FMEA is the preferred methodology for risk assessment and will highlight an FMEA model that works for most businesses. In the lead up to the event, he says, "My presentation will remind the audience that a risk-based approach is a requirement, not an option, then take them through a risk assessment methodology (FMEA) that has been used widely and is successful." A Q&A with Bob can be viewed at the Download Centre on http://www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prcom. He joins a speaker line-up comprised of other leading movers and shakers within the pharmaceutical supply chain industry including GSK, Sanofi Genzyme, AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly, Novo Nordisk, Johnson and Johnson, MSD, GS1, TAPA, IATA, GIRP, and more. The full roster of the speakers as well as their presentations can be found on http://www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prcom. The conference agenda will discuss significant themes within the evolving pharmaceutical logistics landscape including how to meet the demands of temperature regulation and warehousing, challenges within clinical trial logistics, strategies to maintain supply chain security, visibility and anti-counterfeiting, and regulatory considerations. For those who are interested in attending, there are currently Early Bird discounts available for online registrations. Pharmaceutical Logistics Conference 11th Annual Conference: 18th & 19th May Copthorne Tara Hotel, London, UK http://www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prcom Contact Information: For sponsorship and exhibition queries please contact Alia Malick at amalick@smi-online.co.uk. For delegate queries please contact Fateja Begum at fbegum@smi-online.co.uk. For media queries please contact Honey de Gracia at hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk. About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world’s most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi-online.co.uk Contact Information SMi Group Honey de Gracia +44 (0)20 7827 6102 Contact http://www.pharmaceutical-logistics.com/prcom Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from SMi Group Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release PureTech Health Appoints Bharatt Chowrira, Ph.D., J.D., as President and Chief of Business and Strategy By Published: Mar 2, 2017 2:00 a.m. ET Share Biopharmaceutical veteran brings strong track record of value realization with multiple billion dollar deals and collaborations BOSTON, Mar 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- PureTech Health plc (“PureTech” or the “Company”, LSE: PRTC), a cross-disciplinary biopharmaceutical company, today announced the appointment of Bharatt Chowrira, Ph.D., J.D., as the Company’s President and Chief of Business and Strategy. In this new role, Dr. Chowrira will work as a close partner to PureTech’s Chief Executive on strategy, corporate and business development, and value realization across PureTech Health’s pipeline. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170301006716/en/ “We are thrilled to have Bharatt join PureTech Health and bring his diverse experience and deal-making track record to our team as we rapidly approach key value-driving milestones,” said Daphne Zohar, Chief Executive Officer of PureTech Health. “PureTech Health has an all-star team and an exciting, advanced pipeline which I believe has tremendous value. I look forward to working closely with Daphne and other members of this exceptional team and prestigious board to realize some of this value and raise the profile of the company with a broader group of investors and analysts. This is an exciting time to join one of the most innovative companies in healthcare and biotech,” Dr. Chowrira commented. Dr. Chowrira joins PureTech Health with more than two decades of experience in the biopharma industry, combining a unique blend of R&D, corporate development, operations, financing, public offering, M&A, legal, IP, and licensing expertise. Dr. Chowrira was most recently the President of Synlogic, a Cambridge, MA-based biopharmaceutical company focused on developing synthetic microbiome-based therapeutics, where he oversaw and managed corporate and business development, alliance management, financial, HR, IP, and legal operations. Prior to joining Synlogic, Dr. Chowrira was the Chief Operating Officer of Auspex Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Teva Pharmaceuticals in the spring of 2015 for $3.5 billion. Previously, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Addex Therapeutics, a biotechnology company publicly-traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange. Before that, he held various leadership and management positions at Nektar Therapeutics, Merck & Co., Sirna Therapeutics (acquired by Merck & Co. for $1.1 billion), and Ribozyme Pharmaceuticals. Dr. Chowrira also serves on the board of Critical Outcome Technologies, Inc. He has a J.D. from the University of Denver’s Sturm College of Law, a Ph.D. in Molecular Biology from the University of Vermont College of Medicine, an M.S. in Molecular Biology from Illinois State University, and a B.S. in Microbiology from the UAS, Bangalore, India. About PureTech Health PureTech Health (PureTech Health plc, PRTC.L) is a cross-disciplinary biopharmaceutical company creating 21 [st] century medicines that modulate the adaptive human systems. Our therapies target the immune, nervous, and gastro-intestinal systems by addressing the underlying pathophysiology of disease from a systems perspective rather than through a single receptor or pathway. We have multiple human proof-of-concept studies and pivotal or registration studies expected to read out in the next two years. PureTech Health’s rich and growing research and development pipeline has been developed in collaboration with some of the world’s leading scientific experts who, along with PureTech's experienced team and board, analyze more than 650 scientific discoveries per year to identify and advance only the opportunities we believe hold the most promise for patients. This team and process place PureTech Health on the cutting edge of ground-breaking science and technological innovation and leads the Company between and beyond existing disciplines. For more information, visit www.puretechhealth.com or connect with us on Twitter. Forward Looking Statement This press release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements, including statements that relate to the company's future prospects, developments and strategies. The forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from current expectations, including, but not limited to, those risks and uncertainties described in the risk factors included in the regulatory filings for PureTech Health plc. These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of the company and the environment in which it will operate in the future. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as at the date of this press release. Except as required by law and regulatory requirements, neither the company nor any other party intends to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170301006716/en/ SOURCE: PureTech Health plc"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@PureTechH PureTech Health plc Allison Mead, +1-617-651-3156 Director, Communications and Investor Relations amead@puretechhealth.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Go Tuesday 7 March 2017 News Nigeria Africa World Metro North Korea holds Malaysians 'hostage' in Kim spat 16 mins ago  World Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Bank directors and the N1.85tr bad loans 4 hours ago  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money How Nigeria lost $30b to foreign-controlled monopoly 5 hours ago  Business News Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology WhatsApp to become gateway to online luxury shopping 13 mins ago  Social Media Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Barcelona believe in PSG 'miracle' mission 4 hours ago 1  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts African American Oscars triumph masking real diversity woes 4 hours ago  Film Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Celebrating two years of hardwork in marketing communication 5 hours ago 1  Media More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Breaking News Osinbajo swears in Onnoghen as Nigeria's 17th CJN Features  |  Natural Health   Experts inaugurate campaign ‘to de-stigmatise infertility, strengthen human capital in Africa By Stanley Akpunonu   |   02 March 2017   |   3:54 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Immediate Past President, International Federation of Fertility Societies (IFFS), Prof. Joe-Leigh Simpson (left); 1st Lady of Central African Republic, Madam Briggett Touadera; 1st Lady of Uganda Republic, Madam Janet Musevini; President of African Fertility Society (AFS), Prof Oladapo Ashiru; Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Merck Foundation, Dr. Rasha Kelej; and Minister of Health, Uganda, Sarah Opendi during the ‘Merck more than a mother’ East Africa campaign to di-stigmatize infertility, and the launch of Uganda fertility Society conference in Kampala, Uganda The Merck health care has launched the Merck more than a mother campaign in Nairobi and Uganda. The Nairobi launch was focus on a woman whose hands were cut off by her husband because “she has not given birth to a baby in the marriage.” Even though it was the husband that is infertile. She is now expecting a baby. Merck has given her prosthetic hands and built a house for her in her village. The Merck “more than a mother,” is in collaboration with the African Fertility Society (AFS). President AFS and joint pioneer of In Vitro Fertility (IVF) in Nigeria, Prof. Oladapo Ashiru, in his speech at the event, said the main objective to di-stigmatise infertility, strengthen human capital in Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) in Africa by training more clinical embryologists and empower brutalised infertile women who have passed the child bearing age. Through ‘Empowering Berna’ project, “Merck More than a Mother” empowers infertile women socially and economically. “Merck More than a Mother” aims to improve access to information, education, healthcare and change of mind-set to break the stigma around infertility. Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, has continued their commitment for the second year to empower infertile women in Uganda through improving access to information, health, change of mind-set and economic empowerment. Through ‘Empowering Berna’, Merck in partnership with Uganda Ministry of Health, last week, inaugurated small businesses that been established this year to support infertile women across the country. Also, through ‘Empowering Berna’, over 1,000 infertile women in Kenya, Uganda, Nigeria, Ghana, Tanzania, CAR, Ethiopia, Liberia and Cote D’Ivoire who can no longer be treated have been empowered socially and economically to lead independent and happier lives. Ashiru told participants at the various launch that it is very important for couples to realize that infertility causes is shared 50 per cent in the male and 50 per cent in the female and not in the female alone. He therefore advised married couples who have not been able to achieve conception within nine months of marriage to seek medical consult together as a couple instead of sending the woman alone. Furthermore he stated that the success rate is higher when they go together than alone. As a preventive measure, Ashiru stated that there are two major causes of infertility that can be prevented. “First is infection especially from Sexually Transmitted Disease (STD) and recommend protect barriers, early diagnsis and treatment. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: IVFMerck health careOladapo AshiruSTD You may also like Doing business: Don’t forget the politics 5 hours ago  Features Leading from the front lines 6 hours ago  Features The dollar is your human right 7 hours ago  Features Latest Osinbajo swears in Onnoghen as Nigeria's 17th CJN 3 mins ago  Nigeria Former champion Fury hints at return to ring 6 mins ago  Sport WhatsApp to become gateway to online luxury shopping 19 mins ago  Technology North Korea holds Malaysians 'hostage' in Kim spat 23 mins ago  World Boko Haram caused $9b damage in Northeast, UN Says 42 mins ago  Nigeria More   News North Korea holds Malaysians 'hostage' in Kim spat 23 mins ago  World Boko Haram caused $9b damage in Northeast, UN Says 42 mins ago  Nigeria Outrage as Ben Carson calls slaves 'immigrants' 48 mins ago  Nigeria UN chief Guterres in Somalia to discuss famine threat 1 hour ago  Africa Trending Actress Emma Watson says revealing photo does not undermine feminism 1 day ago  Film Kemen has been disqualified from BBNaija house 2 days ago 1  Nigeria Obasanjo Presidential Library, first in Africa commissioned 2 days ago 1  Nigeria Bindow in the web as Buhari, Atiku clash over 2019 2 Mar 2  Policy & Politics Obasanjo chides police for lateness, storms out of meeting 4 days ago 10  Nigeria Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017-2025 – Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017-2025 – Persistence Market Research Posted on March 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases The Lifestyle Drugs Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. New York, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/03/2017 — Lifestyle Drugs market revenue is growing with a significant rate, this is attributed to increasing usage of the drugs for obesity. In addition to this, increasing prevalence of insomnia and stress leads to increase in the revenue growth of life style drugs market over the forecast period. Also increase in looks consciousness leads to increasing number of people visiting dermatologists for curing acne, baldness and wrinkles. Growing healthcare expenditure and increasing inclination of patients to opt for lifestyle drugs drives the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Increasing number of new drug launches for various ailments also drives the market for lifestyle drugs market. However higher pricing of some life style drugs along with availability of alternative treatment plans such as yoga for obesity is expected to hamper the growth of the lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Lifestyle drugs market revenue is expected to grow at a good growth rate, over the forecast period. The market is anticipated to perform well in the near future due to increasing awareness regarding various lifestyle drugs available in the market. Also the market is anticipated to grow with a fastest CAGR over the forecast period, attributed to increasing health and looks consciousness which in turn drives the revenue growth of life style drugs market. Increasing investment in R&D and increasing number of new product launches, collaborations, strategic tie-ups are the major factors estimated to drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Depending on geographic region, the Lifestyle Drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC) and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America is occupying the largest regional market share in the global lifestyle drugs market owing to the presence of more number of market players, high awareness levels regarding the use of various life style drugs. Increasing healthcare expenditure and relatively larger number of R&D exercises pertaining to product manufacturing and marketing activities in the region. Also Europe is expected to perform well in the near future due to increasing number of people opting for drugs to increase their aesthetic appeal which in turn drives the revenue growth of dermatology segment of lifestyle drugs market. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the fastest CAGR because of increase in the prevalence of sexual disorders, also increase in the prevalence of baldness and premature aging drive the revenue growth of lifestyle drugs market over the forecast period. Some of the key players of lifestyle drugs market includes Allergan, BMS, Eli Lilly, Galderma, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, AstraZeneca, Sanofi, Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and Johnson & Johnson etc. Many companies have entered lifestyle drugs market to target the untapped areas in the market. The companies in lifestyle drugs market are increasingly engaged in strategic partnerships, collaborations and promotional activities to capture a greater pie of market share as the market is in the nascent stage. The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to categories such as market segments, geographies, types, technology and applications. Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/lifestyle-drugs-market.asp For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/lifestyle-drugs-market-set-to-witness-an-uptick-during-2017-2025-persistence-market-research-777683.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/lifestyle-drugs-market.asp Latest News The Institute for Veterans and Military Families and the Schultz Family Foundation Launch Veteran Support Network in Washington State Automotive Switch Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2016-2026: Persistence Market Research Rare Disease Treatment Market Estimated to Flourish by 2016 – 2024 – Persistence Market Research Global Well Intervention Market 2016-2021: Market by Service, by Application, by Region, Opportunities and Forecasts Mobile Operating Tables Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 -Persistence Market Research Lifestyle Drugs Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017-2025 – Persistence Market Research Automotive Oil & Fuel Market Estimated to Flourish by 2016 – 2026: Persistence Market Research Cushing’s Disease Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2017-2025 -Persistence Market Research Motorcycle Tires Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2017 – 2027: Persistence Market Research Transcatheter Pulmonary Valve (TPV) Market Estimated to Experience a Hike in Growth 2017 – 2027 -Persistence Market Research © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
03072017Headline: Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 13 mins ago Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports 14 mins ago Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports 16 mins ago Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports 24 mins ago Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports 25 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Pharmacogenomics Market Is Expected To Reach USD 11.94 Bn By 2024 Global Pharmacogenomics Market Is Expected To Reach USD 11.94 Bn By 2024 March 3, 2017 | by David1990 | The latest market report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Global Pharmacogenomics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2023,” the global pharmacogenomics market was valued at US$ 7,167.6 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach US$ 11,938.8 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 5.6% from 2016 to 2024. Browse the full report Global Pharmacogenomics Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024 report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/pharmacogenomic-market Market Insights Pharmacogenomics or personalized medicine is defined as “the tailoring of medical treatment to the specific characteristics of each patient.” This concept in reality involves the ability to classify individuals into subpopulations that are uniquely or disproportionately susceptible to a particular disease or responsive to a specific treatment. Personalized medicine emphasizes on paradigm shift in medicine from reaction to prevention. The individual response to the drug varies according to the genetic composition. Most of the responses are positive and show improvement while few face the side effects. To address those variations, it is necessary to study how the drug processing is affected by the genes. So when the genetic variation is affecting the drug processing and response, there is scope of the clinical study to be conducted and based on the result, adjust the dosage or to find a different drug according to the genetic composition of an individual. Genetic study of an individual helps in predicting the susceptibility to disease, its progression and overall improves the diseases detection. Able to design unique disease prevention strategies, prescribe more effective drugs and reduce the ADR’s, enhance quality of life, increase patient compliance; therefore able to optimize the health care cost by reducing the time, cost and rate of failure of clinical trials. Personalized medicine incorporates strong fundamental knowledge about the molecular and genetic frame, which is the main driver for its proliferation. The global pharmacogenomics market is segmented based on technology type as microarray, sequencing, polymerase chain reaction and other technologies. Sequencing dominates the market, especially with the advent of next generation sequencing attributed by high throughput screening, high accuracy and speed. Further elucidation of this market in terms of technologies is as follows: Microarray Sequencing Sanger Sequencing Pyrosequencing Next-Generation Sequencing Polymerase Chain Reaction Other Technologies Mass Spectrometry Electrophoresis The global pharmacogenomics market is further segmented in terms of therapeutic application such as oncology, cardiology, psychiatry, infectious diseases, pain management, neurological disorders and others. Among these, oncology segment dominates the therapeutic market followed by psychiatry and infectious diseases. Currently, North America occupies the largest revenue share for global pharmacogenomics market, largely dominated by the U.S. Major growth drivers of North America market are presence of extensive and evolved healthcare infrastructure, increasing preference for better, cost effective and personalized therapeutics for various diseases and infections. Asia Pacific is expected to be the most attractive regional market and is anticipated to witness extensive growth during the forecast period. Market Competition Assessment: Key players in the Pharmcogenomicsmarket are Abbott Laboratories, Inc., Affymetrix, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Assurex Health, Bayer AG, GeneDX, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Illumina, Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., Merck & Co, GE Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Inc., Pathway Genomics, Qiagen, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Transgenomic, Inc. Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/pharmacogenomic-market Key Market Movements: Focus on personalized medicine emphasizing on the paradigm shift in medicine from reaction to prevention. Able to design unique disease prevention strategies, prescribe more effective drugs and reduce the ADR’s, enhance quality of life, increase patient compliance. Recently, pharmacogenomics have being extensively used in drug development. It is used at various stages of drug development assessing and identifying effect of drug target polymorphisms on drug response. Discovery of new biological mechanisms and identification of molecules with improved efficacy and safety  Latest Market Research Reports: Global In-Vitro ADME Services Market By Type (Solution Properties, Drug Absorption & Transport, Drug Metabolism, Drug – Drug Interactions) – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis And Forecast 2016 – 2023 Global Antioxidant Market By Product (Natural Antioxidants, Synthetic Antioxidants), By Application (Pharmaceutical, Food And Beverage, Feed Additive, Cosmetic) – Growth, Future Prospects And Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2023 Pharmacogenomics Market By Technology (Microarray, Sequencing, Polymerase Chain Reaction), By Application (Oncology, Cardiology, Pain Management, Neurological Disorders) – Growth, Share, Opportunities & Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2024 About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Who we are Credence Research is a worldwide firm, containing more than 15 research consultants and almost 100 research and information professionals. Our customers mirror our worldwide nature. Around 45% are in Europe, 30% in the Americas, 13% in Asia Pacific and 12% in the Middle East and Africa. Our firm is intended to work as one. We are a solitary global research organization united by a solid arrangement of qualities, concentrated on customer effect. What we do We serve customers at each level of their organization, in whatever limit we can be most helpful, whether as a trusted counsel to top management or as a hands-on mentor for forefront representatives. For each engagement, we collect a group with the most suitable experience and ability. No matter the challenge, we concentrate on delivering functional and persevering results, and preparing our customers to develop and lead. We join forces with customers to place suggestions into practice. Our research specialist work straightforwardly with customers over long stretches to create workforce aptitudes, drive operational change, and apply new working strategies. Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Market analysis & Forecast: Research Report Covers Global Personal Mobility Devices Industry 2017 Protein Therapeutics Market Research Report Now Available at Acute Market Reports Global Stretchable Fabrics Market 2017 : Size, Share, Trend, Growth, Analysis and Forecast – Acute Market Reports Global Study On Thermoplastic Polyolefins Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Active Suspension Systems Market 2016 to 2021 – Industry Survey, Market Size, Competitive Trends: Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.14 -0.03%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.504%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.36 0.30%   Euro ▲ 1.0574 -0.09%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Health Care Health Drug Companies Block Shareholder Votes on Price Transparency Proposals Investors’ group wants companies to disclose price increases over the years, and the rationale By Peter Loftus Peter Loftus The Wall Street Journal BiographyPeter Loftus @Loftus Peter.Loftus@dowjones.com March 1, 2017 5:07 p.m. ET Several major U.S. drug companies have squelched an investor campaign aimed at forcing companies to disclose more information about when and why they raise prices. In October, a group of institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, submitted shareholder proposals asking 11 U.S. drug companies, including Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., to issue reports listing average annual price increases for their top-selling drugs between 2010 and 2016, and to state the rationale for the increases. The... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Leonard Bell, M.D., Alexions Founder, Announces Plans to Retire as Chairman and Board Member NEW HAVEN, Conn.–( )–Leonard Bell, M.D., Founder of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN), has informed the Board of Directors that he will not stand for reelection as a Board member and will retire as Chairman of the Board and as a Director at the end of his term, effective as of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled for May 10, 2017. In accepting Dr. Bell’s decision, the Board announced that it expects to appoint David Brennan, Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer and fellow Board member, to succeed Dr. Bell as Chairman. R. Douglas Norby, Alexion’s Lead Independent Director, said, “On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, we want to extend our deep appreciation to Lenny for his extraordinary vision and leadership over the past 25 years. Lenny is a giant in the field of biotechnology and one of the industry’s true pioneers who helped usher in the era of modern medicine. His unwavering commitment and perseverance to medical research, his advocacy for serving patients and their families through breakthrough medical innovation, and his stewardship of the Company have all contributed to making Alexion the global biopharmaceutical leader it is today. As Lenny retires, we are very pleased that the Board plans on appointing David Brennan as our new Chairman following the Annual Meeting. David’s deep knowledge of Alexion, including the insights he is now gaining as our Interim CEO, make him ideally suited to serve as our next Chairman, and we look forward to his important ongoing contributions to the Company.” Dr. Bell said, “I am incredibly proud of all that we have achieved over the past 25 years since Alexion was founded, and I have great confidence in the future of the Company. Since my retirement as CEO in 2015, it has been highly gratifying to continue to work closely with the Board and management as Chairman. I am very much looking forward to spending increasing time with my family, and also exploring new and different opportunities. I am extremely grateful to and would like to thank all the employees of Alexion and, most importantly, encourage them to continue their important mission of discovering and developing new breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of patients who suffer from rare and devastating disorders.” Interim CEO David Brennan said, “Since joining the Alexion Board of Directors in 2014 and being named Interim CEO late last year, I have gotten to know and deeply respect Lenny for the exceptional foresight and determination he so passionately brings to Alexion. He will be missed, and it will be my distinct honor to succeed him as Chairman. Since becoming Interim CEO, I am even more impressed with Alexion, the caliber of our employees, and their commitment to serving patients with our transformative therapies. Our team is focused on our mission, and we are working hard to drive significant, long-term growth that benefits all of our stakeholders. The Board and I look forward to partnering with Alexion’s new CEO, once he or she is announced, to continue the Company’s progress and to execute on our strategy as a leader and innovator in the global biopharmaceutical industry.” About Leonard Bell, M.D. Dr. Bell was the principal founder of Alexion in 1992 and served as the Chief Executive Officer from the Company’s inception until he retired as CEO on March 31, 2015. Under his leadership Alexion grew to become a global biopharmaceutical company with employees serving patients with severe and life-threatening disorders in 50 countries through fully integrated research, discovery, development, manufacturing, and commercial capabilities. Prior to founding Alexion, Dr. Bell was an attending physician at Yale-New Haven Hospital and Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine, where he also received his M.D. degree. Dr. Bell was a recipient of the numerous awards and honors as an academic scientist prior to founding Alexion. Dr. Bell received his A.B. from Brown University and M.D. from Yale University School of Medicine. Dr. Bell is currently an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine. About David R. Brennan Mr. Brennan has been serving as Alexion’s Interim Chief Executive Officer since December 2016, while the Company conducts a search for a permanent CEO. Once that new CEO is identified, Mr. Brennan will continue as Alexion’s Chairman. Mr. Brennan has been a Director of Alexion since July 2014 and has served on the Strategy and Risk Committee, the Quality Compliance Committee, and the Science and Innovation Committee. From 2006 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of AstraZeneca PLC, one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Brennan worked for AstraZeneca in increasing roles of responsibility, including as Executive Vice President of North America from 2001 to 2006 and as Senior Vice President of Commercialization and Portfolio Management from 1999 to 2001. Prior to the merger of Astra AB and Zeneca Plc, he served as Senior Vice President of Business Planning and Development of Astra Pharmaceuticals LP, the American subsidiary of Astra AB. Mr. Brennan began his career in 1975 at Merck and Co. Inc., where he rose from Sales Representative in the U.S. Division to General Manager of Chibret International, a French subsidiary of Merck. He received a BA in business administration from Gettysburg College, where he is a member of the Board of Trustees. About Alexion Alexion is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and delivering life-transforming therapies for patients with devastating and rare disorders. Alexion is the global leader in complement inhibition and has developed and commercializes the first and only approved complement inhibitor to treat patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) and atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), two life-threatening ultra-rare disorders. In addition, Alexion’s metabolic franchise includes two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare disorders, hypophosphatasia (HPP) and lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). Alexion is advancing its rare disease pipeline with highly innovative product candidates in multiple therapeutic areas. This press release and further information about Alexion can be found at: www.alexion.com. [ALXN-G] Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements often include words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “will,” or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to factors that may cause Alexion’s results and plans to differ from those expected, including for example, risks related to potential disruptions to our business as a result of the leadership changes, the risk that hiring a new CEO may take longer than anticipated, and a variety of other risks set forth from time to time in Alexion’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to the risks discussed in Alexion’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2016 and in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Alexion does not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except when a duty arises under law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, commission, Companies, company, Connecticut, division, general, honor, hospital, Industry, officer, Science, section, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sarepta Therapeutics to Present Company Overview at the Cowen and Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference Next PostNext Thousands of Arizonans help shape ADOTs Long-Range Transportation Plan Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Global Sleep Aids Market to Raise at a CAGR of 5.7% over the Forecast Period by 2020 Global Sleep Aids Market to Raise at a CAGR of 5.7% over the Forecast Period by 2020 Posted on March 3, 2017 by ReleaseWire - Latest Press Releases in Press Releases Sleep disorder occurs due to changes in sleeping pattern of a person which can be caused by physical disturbances, medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues. New York City, NY — (SBWIRE) — 03/02/2017 — According to a new market report published by Persistence Market Research "Global Market Study on Sleep Aids: Sleep Apnea to Witness Highest Growth by 2020", the global sleep aids market was valued at US$ 58.1 Bn in 2014 and is expected to expand at a CAGR of 5.7% to account for US$80.8 Bn by 2020. Sleep aids are drugs and medical devices that help a person to fall asleep. Lack of quality sleep leads to a medical condition known as a sleep disorder. Sleep disorder occurs due to changes in sleeping pattern of a person which can be caused by physical disturbances, medical issues, psychiatric problems, and environmental issues. Globally, the sleep aids market is witnessing significant growth due to rising incidence of sleep disorders due to growing geriatric population, increasing demand for sleeping pills due to stressful modern lifestyle and rising initiatives by various health organizations to increase awareness about sleep disorders. However, factors such as side effects associated with sleep aids medications and patent expiration of major sleep drugs are key restraints for the growth of the global sleep aids market. The global sleep aids market was valued at US$ 58.1 Bn in 2014 and expected to account for US$ 80.8 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 5.7%. North America has the largest market for the global Sleep Aids market. This is due to technological advancements in the region. The North American sleep aids market was valued at US$ 31.9 Bn in 2014 and is expected to account for US$ 44.5 Bn by 2020 at a CAGR of 5.7%. In terms of sleep disorders, sleep apnea is the fastest growing segment. In terms of product, mattresses and pillows are the largest segments in the sleep aids market. In terms of medication, prescription medications are the largest segment in the market. Some of the latest trends in the global sleep aids market are increasing usage of home sleep test for diagnosis of sleep apnea, continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) therapy to treat sleep apnea, and growing adoption of wearable monitors and passive-off body sensors. A Sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2832 Sanofi, Merck & Co., Pfizer, Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Philips), GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Care Fusion Corporation, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. are some of the leading players in the global market for Sleep Aids market. Some of the other major players in Sleep Aids market are; Cadwell, SleepMed, Inc, Natus Medical manufactures, DeVilbiss Healthcare LLC, and Compumedics Limited. To Buy Full Report for a Single User @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/2832 For more information on this press release visit: http://www.sbwire.com/press-releases/global-sleep-aids-market-to-raise-at-a-cagr-of-57-over-the-forecast-period-by-2020-777282.htm Media Relations Contact Rahul Singh Marketing Manager Persistence Market Research Telephone: 800-961-0353 Email: Click to Email Rahul Singh Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/mediarelease/sleep-aids-market.asp Latest News Construction in the UAE Key Trends and Opportunities to 2021 : Now Available at Researchmoz.us Mobile Robotics Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate by 2016-2024 Infrascanner Market Estimated to Flourish by 2024 – Persistence Market Research In-Building Wireless Market: Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecasts 2016–2024 Enterprise Laboratory Informatics Market to Receive Overwhelming Hike in Revenues by 2026- Persistence Market Research Electronic Lab Notebook Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2026 – Persistence Market Research Discover the Global Wearable Medical Equipment Sales Market with Sales (Consumption), Revenue, Market Share and Growth Rate 2016 Market Overview of Tele-Care Medical Equipment Market Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) Global Sleep Aids Market to Raise at a CAGR of 5.7% over the Forecast Period by 2020 Latest Report Details of Global Polymer Orthopaedic Biomaterial Market Research Report 2017 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Short Sellers Are Making a Massive Bet in Major Pharma By Chris Lange February 28, 2017 8:55 am EST Print Email Tweet Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process of getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. The Trump administration has promised reforms in the health care sector, such as changing the bidding process for drugs and shortening the FDA approval process. It has yet to be seen how much headway the White House can actually make with these reforms. Judging by this report, short sellers are making a tremendous bet against Trump’s plan. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The February 15 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest in these selected pharmaceutical stocks all increased. Also the short interest for one of these stocks absolutely exploded. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) massively jumped to 137.21 million shares from the previous 34.30 million. Its shares were last seen at $34.28, within a 52-week trading range of $28.74 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short increased slightly to 18.98 million from 18.36 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $65.85, in a 52-week range of $50.09 to $66.16. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest grew to 27.97 million shares, compared to the previous level of 20.99 million. Shares were trading at $35.75, in a 52-week range of $31.90 to $59.35. The short interest rise in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) was to 15.95 million shares, from the previous reading of 13.45 million. Shares were trading at $56.56, within a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) increased to 31.63 million, compared to the previous 30.98 million. The stock was trading at $62.22, in a 52-week range of $54.24 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest increased to 12.37 million shares from the previous 10.82 million. The stock was trading at $83.06. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $83.79. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Will Warren Buffett Ever Add Amazon to His Portfolio? Jefferies Says Buy These Dividend-Paying Companies That Missed Expectations » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Honda Motor (HMC) Up 3.1% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Merck (MRK) Up 3.7% Since the Last Earnings Report? Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Nikkei Closes Lower, Small Caps Buck Trend Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In N.J.: Judge rejects call for new trial in Bridgegate scandal SOURCE: NJ Advance Media for NJ.com March 2, 2017 at 1:46 PM A federal judge has denied a request for a new trial by two former members of Gov. Chris Christie's inner circle convicted in the Bridgegate scandal, rejecting defense arguments that her instructions to the jury "all but guaranteed" a guilty verdict. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In U.S.: Key Republicans ask Jeff Sessions to recuse himself in Russia case SOURCE: The New York Times March 2, 2017 at 1:47 PM Congressional Republicans began breaking ranks on Thursday to join Democrats in demanding that Attorney General Jeff Sessions recuse himself from overseeing an investigation into contacts between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In UNUSUAL: George W. Bush explains his fondness for Michelle Obama SOURCE: CNN March 2, 2017 at 1:48 PM Former President George W. Bush and Michelle Obama are surprisingly close considering their political differences, and the 43rd president credits the former first lady's appreciation for his sense of humor as a key reason. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials Watch Science Connect Events Laboratory Design Conference RD 100 Conference Search Social Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels R&D LDN SC Advertisement Advertisement J&J Issues Transparency Report for Drug Price Hikes in U.S. 03/01/2017 - 8:58am Comments by Ryan Bushey Johnson & Johnson (J&J) published a transparency report on Monday revealing the average list and net price increases for drugs in its portfolio between 2012 and 2016. The document indicated the average change in list prices started at 7.6 percent in 2012 reaching a high of 9.7 percent in 2015. Net price upticks were lower beginning at 4.3 percent before hitting a high of 5.2 percent in 2015 as well. J&J sells novel drugs like Xarelto and rheumatoid arthritis treatment Remicade, but the report didn’t highlight specific medications. “We understand the concerns of patients, families and other stakeholders who are worried about health care costs, including the costs of prescription medications. They are calling on us to provide greater transparency about how we operate — including disclosing more information on our pricing and marketing practices, our patient access programs, and our clinical trial,” J&J’s top executives wrote in a statement. Releasing this report is part of strategy drug companies are taking to combat criticism of their pricing practices for prescriptions medications.  Merck & Co released a similar report last month divulging their price changes, but their increases were higher and focused on a six year period instead of four. J&J plans on releasing annual reports containing this information going forward. You can watch a video that was released along with this report below where J&I executives provide more information regarding their pricing decisions.   Industry News Related Reads Harvard Pilgrim Signs Outcomes-Based Contract with Amgen for Enbrel BI's Biosimilar Candidate Shows Similar Efficacy and Safety Profile to Humira How do Biosimilars Compare with Brand-Name Biologics? FDA Approves Novartis's Biosimilar Version of Enbrel Ryan Bushey Digital Editor @R_Bushey Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Drug Discovery & Development Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Contributor Guidelines Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Biotech Clinical Trials Disease Research Drug Discovery Drug Pipeline Drug Safety Formulation/Delivery Genomics/Proteomics Industry News Legal/Regulatory Life Sciences Pharma Mergers & Acquistions Preclinical Trials © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Shoot melons, kill bugs: How firms make creative videos Source: The Record March 2, 2017 at 8:20 AM Melons going splat in slow motion. Drawn-as-you-go animation about machines. A behind-the-scenes look at winery operations. Not the usual viral videos, but small-business owners have realized that offering something to watch and having a sense of humor about themselves can help grab customers’ attention. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Is Newark the new Brooklyn? Source: The New York Post March 2, 2017 at 8:25 AM When Isabel Livingston opened a shop in Newark’s Teacher’s Village development in 2015, she had no intention of moving there, too. She had grown up in Newark but left some 15 years ago in search of better public schools for her daughter, eventually settling in Maplewood. Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2017 NJBIZ Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2017 Power 100 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In New Jersey area rising around transit hub lacks one thing: Its hub Source: The New York Times March 2, 2017 at 8:26 AM All the ingredients for a bustling downtown transit hub here are coming together: new townhouses, restaurants and big-box stores sit just off the busiest rail corridor in the country, as trains whiz by every 10 minutes or so. Bulldozers, backhoes and scattered mounds of dirt offer evidence of more to come. A large banner over a nearby highway with an illustration of a train declares: “Shop. Dine. Ride. Live.” Continue Reading »» Also Popular on NJBIZ • Express Scripts eliminating 66 jobs in N.J. • Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. • Coworking space to open in Camden • American Water breaks ground for Camden HQ Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Triple Play: What investors should know now that Trump is in office Five gubernatorial candidates offer look at their agendas at NAIOP forum KPMG breaks ground for Montvale technology center Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme 2 Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer 3 NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers 4 Jersey City hospital reducing workforce as part of reorganization 5 Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs 1 Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. (4) 2 Joe Taylor retiring as chairman, CEO of Panasonic Corp. of North America (4) 3 Trump Taj Mahal is sold, will reopen as Hard Rock Hotel & Casino (3) 4 Christie's proposed charity care funding cuts concern hospital groups (1) 5 Speech surprise: Christie wants to use money in Horizon BCBSNJ's annual surplus to help support 'most vulnerable' in N.J. (1) Featured News Samson gets home confinement, probation for bribery in United Airlines scheme Hard Rock could be just what A.C. needs Coworking space to open in Camden NRG cutting 65 N.J. home solar workers Jennifer Borg: Former Record executive talks about Bridgegate and her new role as first amendment lawyer Editorial: Crackdown on immigrants could shake up N.J. NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2017 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:24 A.M. ET China's FX reserves rise back above $3 trillion 4:23 A.M. ET Updated How Europe-free GM and other auto stocks could rack up a ‘massive breakout’ 4:23 A.M. ET Australian winemaker Accolade drops IPO plan 4:22 A.M. ET Grafton hikes dividend despite drop in profit 4:21 A.M. ET Just Eat profit up 93%; sees more growth ahead 4:20 A.M. ET Updated Tesco sales rise again as Aldi, Lidl keep gaining 4:20 A.M. ET Updated This is the bull market’s 8th birthday! No, wait. THIS is the anniversary 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug Market Outlook 2022 - Boosted by the Increasing Number of Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis - Research and Markets By Published: Mar 2, 2017 6:49 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Mar 02, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug Market Outlook 2022" report to their offering. Therapeutic advances have transformed the rheumatoid arthritis treatment paradigm over the last 20 years, from focusing on symptom management to now aiming for slowed disease progression and even disease remission. Disease-modifying biological medicines have ushered in a new age of treatment by targeting the cells involved in the progression of the disease. These medicines have dramatically slowed or even reversed the negative physical effects associated with the disease and made clinical remission possible for patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis. The market of anti-rheumatics is growing at a constant speed globally. There are some driving factors which are accelerating the growth of anti-rheumatics market such as the increasing number of patients with rheumatoid arthritis, rise in research and development activities, increasing awareness among people about rheumatoid arthritis, and improved healthcare infrastructure in the region. Until late in the 20th century, the therapy of rheumatic diseases relied on the use of drugs that had been developed through empirical approaches without detailed understanding of the molecular mechanisms involved. That approach changed with the introduction of biologic therapeutics at the end of the 20th century and by the recent development of small-molecule inhibitors of intracellular signal transduction pathways. Companies Mentioned Abbvie Biogen Idec Bristol-Myers Squibb Celgene Celltrion J&J MedImmune Merck Novartis Takeda Key Topics Covered: 1. Antirheumatoids: Call of Rheumatoid Arthritis 2. Molecular Mechanism of Antirheumatoids 3. Classification of Rheumatoid Arthritis Drugs 4. Synthetic DMARDs as Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug 5. Biological Agents as Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug 6. Global Prevalence of Rheumatoid Arthritis 7. Global Tendencies in Use of Antirheumatics 8. Global Market of Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug 9. Global Rheumatoid Arthritis DrugMarket Dynamics 10. Global Rheumatoid Arthritis Drug Market Future Prospect 11. Competitive Landscape For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/n67qp7/global_rheumatoid View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170302005632/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Immune Disorders Drugs, Immune Disorders Drugs, Musculoskeletal Disorders Drugs Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO MarketWatch Partner Center Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access The Heart of the Matter Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending Death mars Roche trial EU biosimilar first for Mundipharma Communiqué 2017 categories The beauty of customer experience US diabetes approval for AZ NICE turns down first-line Keytruda for lung cancer High cost of drug puts it above cost-effectiveness threshold   Patients in England and Wales with newly-diagnosed non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) are unlikely to get access to MSD's immuno-oncology drug Keytruda, after draft guidance from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). The cost-effectiveness agency has published draft guidelines turning down Keytruda as a first-line treatment for adults with NSCLC in line with its EU approval last December, i.e. in patients whose tumours express PD-L1 with at least a 50% tumour proportion score and have no epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) or anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) mutations. The consultation document also suggests that the drug does not meet the criteria for inclusion in the Cancer Drugs Fund (CDF), which recently came under the remit of NICE. Keytruda provides an alternative to platinum-based chemotherapy in these patients, and according to NICE has an "extension-to-life benefit". However, the agency indicated that the most plausible incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) for pembrolizumab compared with standard of care "cannot be identified". Even with a confidential discount, the high cost of the drug, which has a list price of around £2,360 per 100mg vial, meant that the Quality Adjusted Life Year (QALY) was likely to be in excess of £50,000 - well above its usual threshold for cost-effectiveness.  MSD (known as Merck & Co in North America) described the draft guidance as "disappointing", and its recently-appointed UK managing director Louise Houson said the company was working with NICE and NHS England to try to find a way around the problem. "This is a much needed medicine as there are very few treatments available for these patients which increase the survival rate without significantly affecting quality of life," she said. MSD said that it is confident it can break the impasse so the 1,500 or so eligible patients in England will be able to access the drug. MSD was able to overturn NICE's earlier rejection of Keytruda as a second-line therapy after chemotherapy, and may be able to repeat the trick by agreeing a bigger discount for front-line Keytruda.  The first-line indication is critical for MSD as it chases down rival immuno-oncology drug Opdivo (nivolumab) from Bristol-Myers Squibb, which currently outsells Keytruda but failed to hit the mark in its own first-line NSCLC test. Opdivo was turned down by NICE in draft guidance as a second-line NSCLC therapy last November. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 2nd March 2017 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Amicus gets NICE green light for Fabry drug Lighting the way BMS appoints three independent directors A rare talent Roche’s lung cancer drug Alecensa wins EU approval Related Hub content An apple to day to keep CCG sickness at bay Biosimilars - the Brexit of the pharmaceutical industry? A stumble, but not a fall – what’s next for Opdivo? When is sun safety doing more harm than good? How pembrolizumab will change the management of advanced lung cancer PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Medical Writer, Principal Medical Writer, Editorial Team ... £40000 - £75000 Bonus Benefits Junior Strategic Planner, Healthcare Advertising £28, 000 - £32, 000 benefits Account Manager – Healthcare Advertising Agency £30, 000 – £35, 000 according to skills and experience Account Manager, Healthcare PR £30, 000 – £38, 000 according to skills and experience European Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London, circa £200, 0... circa £200, 000 package Principal Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package Associate Director Medical Education According to experience Interim Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Substantial remuneration FREELANCE ACCOUNT MANAGER OR SENIOR ACCOUNT MANAGER - Healthcare... Superb Day Rate Available Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Senior Medical Writer, Medical Communications, London Excellent package FREELANCE MEDICAL WRITER or SENIOR MEDICAL WRITER - 3 Months + ,... Superb Day Rate Available Market Research Manager, Pharmaceutical £27, 000 - £30, 000 Director, Scientific Services £80 – 100, 000 or more according to skills and experience benefits Senior Account Manager/ Account Manager – Bristol – Swordfish Ad... Competitive – dependent on experience Medical Writer/ Copywriter, Medcomms to Brandcomms, London Competitive Salary PRINCIPAL MEDICAL WRITER or ETL - OUTSTANDING OPPORTUNITY - MEDI... Salary TBC Editorial Team Leader or Scientific Director £50, 000 - £55, 000 benefits Account Director, South East England/ London Up to £55, 000 (depending on experience) Managing Director – Healthcare PR and Communications Agency – Lo... Neg Account Director, Creative Healthcare Communications £50, 000 – £55, 000 car Director, Scientific Services Great salary and benefits Account Director, Healthcare Advertising in France 55, 000 – 65, 000 benefits Senior/ Account Executive Senior Account Manager, Medical Communications £40, 000 - £50, 000 benefits Account Manager/ Senior Account Manager, Healthcare Advertising £32, 000 - £45, 000 bonus benefits Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content NICE turns down first-line Keytruda for lung cancer Teva launches online cancer portal My Day Patient death mars Roche haemophilia drug trial Artificial intelligence: could pharma lead the way? Takeda pilots Apple Watch depression app Sanofi buys into AZ drug for preventing RSV infections Novocure’s chief commercial officer to step down GSK’s finance SVP joins Parexel International Sanofi buys into AZ drug for preventing RSV infections Juno gives up on lead CAR-T drug after deaths Ashfield emphasises patient focus with the implementation of Salesforce Health Cloud Finding the familiar in Rare Disease PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Synergy Vision Synergy Vision believe in delivering medical communications that make a difference to healthcare professionals and patients. Our synergy of pharma... Latest intelligence Holding on to hope for Alzheimer’s advances Despite another late-stage failure, now is not the time to give up on the disease... Finding the familiar in Rare Disease Inspired by World Rare Disease Day, WE Communication's Hugh Adams covers some of the challenges faced when considering Rare Disease communications.... Stress testing for the perfect compliance storm ...as governments and regulators around the globe impose new legislation and strengthen their compliance regimes... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2017
07/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 07/03/2017 North Korea-Malaysia: political 'hostage-holding' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Holding our citizens hostage, is in total disregard of all international law." Najib Razak Prime Minister of Malaysia World 07/03/2017 Irish PM set to widen probe into Church-run homes Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""truly appalling"" Enda Kenny Irish Prime Minister World 06/03/2017 Iraq off 'banned list' in new Trump US travel order Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "A watered down ban is still a ban" Chuck Schumer US Senate Democratic Leader Business 06/03/2017 Deutsche Bank seeking eight billion euros from new share sale Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 06/03/2017 Philippines: Ex-policeman links Duterte to 200 deaths Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I can't take to my grave these dark and evil secrets" Arturo Lascanas Retired Policeman Business 06/03/2017 Greek leader Tsipras upbeat despite major downward growth revision Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Greece has already turned a page" Alexis Tsipras Greek Prime Minister Business 06/03/2017 Huge PSA Opel-Vauxhall deal to transform European car market Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We're confident that the Opel-Vauxhall turnaround will significantly accelerate with our support" Carlos Tavares PSA Chief Executive World 06/03/2017 Ukraine-Russia court battle over 'terrorism' claims Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I want the world to understand that there wasn't any annexation" Lada Litvak Sevastopol resident more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Medical software start-up Cydar brings former Roche head on board Aa Aa Now Reading: Medical software start-up Cydar brings former Roche head on board 02/03/2017 Medical software start-up Cydar brings former Roche head on board REUTERS 02/03/2017 (Reuters) – British medical software start-up Cydar Ltd announced the appointment of several new directors on Thursday, including Franz Humer, the newly retired chairman of Swiss drugmaker Roche <ROG.S>, to help develop the business. Cydar, which has developed cloud-based software to serve up 3D images of a specific patient’s blood vessels in X-ray guided endovascular surgery, said Humer would bring in a “wealth of commercialisation” and key insights into helping develop further applications for the software. Humer, who has joint Swiss and Austrian citizenship, was the driving force behind Roche’s takeover in 2009 of U.S. biotech company Genentech, which has produced some of the Swiss firm’s top-selling cancer medicines. Humer, who also has a famously close relationship with Roche’s founding and controlling Hoffmann-Oeri family, had previously worked at a former unit of GlaxoSmithKline <GSK.L> and at a unit of Merck & Co <MRK.N>. Cydar has also appointed Mervyn Davies, a non-executive director at drinks group Diageo Plc <DGE.L>, where Humer was chairman until this year, as non-executive chairman. James Downing, a former deputy head of European investment banking at JPMorgan has also been appointed as a non-executive director, while John Deanfield, a professor of cardiology at University College London, will head a new scientific and technology advisory board. Cydar said it received U.S. clearance for use of the software in 2016, which is currently being used at several UK hospitals, including the Royal Free and Guy’s & St Thomas in London. (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories North Korea 07/03/2017 US begins rolling out missile defence system in South Korea Malaysia 07/03/2017 North Korea-Malaysia: political 'hostage-holding' France 06/03/2017 Francois Hollande and Angela Merkel call for 'multi-speed Europe' Most viewed North Korea 07/03/2017 US begins rolling out missile defence system in South Korea world news 06/03/2017 Watch: Thai vets remove nearly 1,000 coins from turtle France 06/03/2017 Francois Hollande and Angela Merkel call for 'multi-speed Europe' Germany 06/03/2017 Germany's Angela Merkel hits back over 'Nazi' claims by Turkey's President... brussels bureau 06/03/2017 EU agrees on military HQ Editor's choice futuris 06/03/2017 Can farmed fish become vegetarian to reduce the industry's eco-footprint? View 06/03/2017 Robots could destroy society or reinvigorate it - we decide: View View 06/03/2017 Invisible wounds of Syria’s war-scarred children Flashback: one year ago Sport 07/03/2016 Swift is swift but Démare swifter as Frenchman wins Paris-Nice stage 1 brussels bureau 07/03/2016 Turkey demands more cash and faster visa-free travel for migrant help Turkey 07/03/2016 From Turkey to the Greek islands - an insight into the migrant smugglers... corporate 07/03/2016 Avtovaz boss Bo Andersson is out following sales slump Spain 07/03/2016 Gender equality at last...on pedestrian crossings! Editor's choice futuris 06/03/2017 Can farmed fish become vegetarian to reduce the industry's eco-footprint? View 06/03/2017 Robots could destroy society or reinvigorate it - we decide: View View 06/03/2017 Invisible wounds of Syria’s war-scarred children world news 02/03/2017 Mobile privacy explained by kids View 06/03/2017 For trade, think near, think big but mostly think China: View View 06/03/2017 How you can fight Twitter's 357,000 'Star Wars bots'. And more Israel 03/03/2017 Banksy's 'Walled Off Hotel' causes a stir in the West Bank world news 03/03/2017 What are Russians saying about Trump, Jeff Sessions and Sergey Kislyak? world news 02/03/2017 Hungarians don monster masks to scare off winter Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags France European Union Donald Trump USA Brexit Angela Merkel Crime travel ban Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #InfosysVsFounders #Demonetisation #Budget2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Newsmaker: DBS CEO says wealth management to account for a fifth of bank Snap tops expectations in pricing of long-awaited IPO Business Standard UK medical software start-up Cydar brings former Roche head on board Reuters  March 2, 2017 Last Updated at 08:33 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UU6StY ALSO READ Court allows ED for Lalit Modi's transfer from UK Weak UK regulation lets opaque companies persist CMFRI to promote ecosystem based fisheries management Man charged with helping UK imam murderer flee UK 2017 will be landmark year for India-UK ties: UK minister (Reuters) - British medical software start-up Cydar Ltd announced the appointment of several new directors on Thursday, including Franz Humer, the newly retired chairman of Swiss drugmaker Roche, to help develop the business. Cydar, which has developed cloud-based software to serve up 3D images of a specific patient's blood vessels in X-ray guided endovascular surgery, said Humer would bring in a "wealth of commercialisation" and key insights into helping develop further applications for the software. Humer, who has joint Swiss and Austrian citizenship, was the driving force behind Roche's takeover in 2009 of U.S. biotech company Genentech, which has produced some of the Swiss firm's top-selling cancer medicines. Humer, who also has a famously close relationship with Roche's founding and controlling Hoffmann-Oeri family, had previously worked at a former unit of GlaxoSmithKline and at a unit of Merck & Co. Cydar has also appointed Mervyn Davies, a non-executive director at drinks group Diageo Plc, where Humer was chairman until this year, as non-executive chairman. James Downing, a former deputy head of European investment banking at JPMorgan has also been appointed as a non-executive director, while John Deanfield, a professor of cardiology at University College London, will head a new scientific and technology advisory board. Cydar said it received U.S. clearance for use of the software in 2016, which is currently being used at several UK hospitals, including the Royal Free and Guy's & St Thomas in London. (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Cydar | Management | Uk | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to investing in shares? Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? UK medical software start-up Cydar brings former Roche head on board (Reuters) - British medical software start-up Cydar Ltd announced the appointment of several new directors on Thursday, including Franz Humer, the newly retired chairman of Swiss drugmaker Roche, to help develop the business. (Reuters) - British medical software start-up Cydar Ltd announced the appointment of several new directors on Thursday, including Franz Humer, the newly retired chairman of Swiss drugmaker Roche, to help develop the business. Cydar, which has developed cloud-based software to serve up 3D images of a specific patient's blood vessels in X-ray guided endovascular surgery, said Humer would bring in a "wealth of commercialisation" and key insights into helping develop further applications for the software. Humer, who has joint Swiss and Austrian citizenship, was the driving force behind Roche's takeover in 2009 of U.S. biotech company Genentech, which has produced some of the Swiss firm's top-selling cancer medicines. Humer, who also has a famously close relationship with Roche's founding and controlling Hoffmann-Oeri family, had previously worked at a former unit of GlaxoSmithKline and at a unit of Merck & Co. Cydar has also appointed Mervyn Davies, a non-executive director at drinks group Diageo Plc, where Humer was chairman until this year, as non-executive chairman. James Downing, a former deputy head of European investment banking at JPMorgan has also been appointed as a non-executive director, while John Deanfield, a professor of cardiology at University College London, will head a new scientific and technology advisory board. Cydar said it received U.S. clearance for use of the software in 2016, which is currently being used at several UK hospitals, including the Royal Free and Guy's & St Thomas in London. (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 UK medical software start-up Cydar brings former Roche head on board (Reuters) - British medical software start-up Cydar Ltd announced the appointment of several new directors on Thursday, including Franz Humer, the newly retired chairman of Swiss drugmaker Roche, to help develop the business. Cydar, which has developed cloud-based software to serve up 3D images of a specific patient's blood vessels in X-ray guided endovascular surgery, said Humer would bring in a "wealth of commercialisation" and key insights into helping develop further applications for the software. Humer, who has joint Swiss and Austrian citizenship, was the driving force behind Roche's takeover in 2009 of U.S. biotech company Genentech, which has produced some of the Swiss firm's top-selling cancer medicines. Humer, who also has a famously close relationship with Roche's founding and controlling Hoffmann-Oeri family, had previously worked at a former unit of GlaxoSmithKline and at a unit of Merck & Co. Cydar has also appointed Mervyn Davies, a non-executive director at drinks group Diageo Plc, where Humer was chairman until this year, as non-executive chairman. James Downing, a former deputy head of European investment banking at JPMorgan has also been appointed as a non-executive director, while John Deanfield, a professor of cardiology at University College London, will head a new scientific and technology advisory board. Cydar said it received U.S. clearance for use of the software in 2016, which is currently being used at several UK hospitals, including the Royal Free and Guy's & St Thomas in London. (Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Greg Mahlich) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 373.14 -0.03%   Nikkei ▲ 19344.15 -0.18%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -1/32 yield 2.504%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.35 0.28%   Euro ▲ 1.0574 -0.09%   DJIA ▲ 20954.34 -0.24%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In GM’s Opel Exit Is Rare No-Confidence Vote in European Market Samsung Scandal Deepens as Prosecutors Detail Allegations Exxon’s $20 Billion Spending Plan Points to U.S. Energy Surge RadioShack to Seek Bankruptcy Protection, Again IBM, Salesforce Agree to Partner on Artificial Intelligence Facebook Wasn’t Ready for Video’s Dark Side CSX Agrees to Hire Hunter Harrison as CEO Kenyan Tea, a Reliable Export, Brews a Market at Home Chobani Hires Nestlé Executive as Operations Chief Argentina to Allow First Budget Airline to Begin Flying in Country Amazon’s View of the Cloud Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Health Care Health Drug Companies Block Shareholder Votes on Price Transparency Proposals Investors’ group wants companies to disclose price increases over the years, and the rationale By Peter Loftus Peter Loftus The Wall Street Journal BiographyPeter Loftus @Loftus Peter.Loftus@dowjones.com March 1, 2017 5:07 p.m. ET Several major U.S. drug companies have squelched an investor campaign aimed at forcing companies to disclose more information about when and why they raise prices. In October, a group of institutional investors, including many with ties to religious organizations, submitted shareholder proposals asking 11 U.S. drug companies, including Pfizer Inc. and Merck & Co., to issue reports listing average annual price increases for their top-selling drugs between 2010 and 2016, and to state the rationale for the increases. The... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Land Rover Performs ‘The Hatch Trick’ An Architect's Personal Retreat on Puget Sound Drowning in Charging Cables? Here's a Hack Could North Korea's Missiles Reach the U.S.? Trump, Without Evidence, Accuses Obama of Wiretapping Him Most Popular Articles Opinion: The Exhaustion of American Liberalism Brought Down by Long Bust, Texas Oilmen Pray for Another Boom Opinion: Washington Goes Nuts FBI Asks Justice Department to Rebut Wiretap Claim Facebook, Rushing Into Live Video, Wasn’t Ready for Its Dark Side Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Updated 3/1/2017 Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie PolicyUpdated 3/1/2017 Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Research and Markets - Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies Report 2017 Featuring AstraZeneca, GSK, Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi, Merck and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Research and Markets Mar 03, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Mar 03, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies: Digital as a Key Component of Multichannel Marketing" report to their offering. The report features an overview of the various marketing channels available to pharma, and examines the factors driving change within this field. It analyzes how a wide range of digital marketing methods can be effectively integrated into a synergistic multichannel marketing strategy that allows both traditional and newer channels to complement each other. Analysis of the main challenges and risks associated with digital marketing methods, in addition to potential solutions and approaches to overcoming them, is provided. Real-world case studies of marketing strategies and campaigns employed by pharma are also included. While the pharmaceutical industry readily adopts new technologies to provide medical advancements, it has been much slower to adopt technology within its marketing efforts, mostly relying on traditional channels and methods. However, the decreasing effectiveness of these traditional channels, given changing physician, patient and consumer trends in today's increasingly digital society, is forcing an evolution of pharmaceutical marketing strategies. The report examines how the effective implementation of various digital marketing approaches, in conjunction with traditional channels in an integrated multichannel marketing strategy, has the ability to expand marketing reach, increase audience engagement, provide higher return on investment (ROI) and improve methods of tracking ROI for pharmaceutical companies. This new report adds to our unique portfolio of trusted industry analyses that enable our clients to assess the most promising areas in the market and exploit key business opportunities. Key Topics Covered: 1 Executive Summary 1.1 Overview of Marketing Channels Available to Pharma 2 Drivers of Change in Pharma Marketing Strategy 2.1 Evolving Patient and Consumer Market Trends 2.2 Evolving Physician Market Trends 2.3 Paradigm Shifts in Pharma Sale Force 2.4 Advantages of Digital Strategies versus Traditional Marketing 2.5 Evolving Market Access Strategies 3 Digital and Multichannel Marketing Strategies 3.1 What is Multichannel Marketing? 3.2 Implementing a Multichannel Marketing Strategy 3.3 Implementing Digital into Face-to-Face Detailing 3.4 eDetailing 3.5 Big Data Solutions for Pharma Marketing 3.6 Predictive Modeling: Fundamental Source of Big Data's Power 3.7 Leveraging Big Data Solutions to Target Physicians 3.8 Using Big Data for Sales Force Allocation 3.9 Social Media: Key Opportunities Provided by this Channel 3.10 Social Media Marketing: Key Points to Note 3.11 Social Media Marketing Case Study 3.12 Embracing Video Content for Digital Pharma Marketing 3.13 Key Features of Effective Video Marketing 3.14 Prepare for Digital Drug Launches 3.15 Mobile Marketing: Updating Practices for the Smartphone Era 3.16 Pharma Mobile Apps 3.17 Closed-Loop Marketing as part of Multichannel Marketing 3.18 Medical Science Liaisons as part of Multichannel Marketing 3.19 Utilizing Digital Tools to Empower Medical Science Liaisons 3.20 Programmatic Advertising in Pharma 3.21 Programmatic Advertising in Pharma: Approaches to Avoid Regulatory Issues 4 Challenges of Pharma Digital Marketing and Solutions 4.1 Social Media Strategies for Pharma: Challenges and Solutions 4.2 AstraZeneca: Social Media Guidance 4.3 Privacy Issues 4.4 Digital Talent Gap in Pharma and Other Organizational Challenges 4.5 How Does Branded Content Stay Relevant in the Internet Age? 4.6 Challenge of Measuring Return on Investment in a Multichannel Marketing Strategy 4.7 How to Accelerate Digital Marketing 5 Pharma Digital Marketing Strategies: Case Studies 5.1 GSK and Pfizer 5.2 Novartis and Sanofi 5.3 Johnson & Johnson and Merck & Co 5.4 Social Media Use in Pharma – Case Studies 5.5 Report Summary 6 Bibliography For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bpvc6z/evolving Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---evolving-pharmaceutical-marketing-strategies-report-2017-featuring-astrazeneca-gsk-pfizer-novartis-sanofi-merck-and-johnson--johnson-300417608.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Mar 03, 2017, 12:15 ET Preview: Global Medical Plastics Market to Reach 17.2 Billion Pounds by 2021 - Information on Medical Devices, New Products, Related Technologies, Sterilization Techniques & Product Lines - Research and Markets Mar 03, 2017, 11:45 ET Preview: China RMB 15 Billion Commercial Service Robots Market Assessment 2016 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 15:00 ETGlobal Thermoplastic Polyurethane Films Market - Forecast to 2022... Mar 06, 2017, 14:45 ETGlobal Commercial Drones Market Analysis 2013-2016 & Forecasts to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Evolving Pharmaceutical Marketing Strategies Report 2017 Featuring AstraZeneca, GSK, Pfizer, Novartis, Sanofi, Merck and Johnson & Johnson News provided by Research and Markets Mar 03, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News Antifungal Drugs Market is likely to register Single Digit CAGR during 2016 to 2024 Subtitle: The Antifungal Drugs Market report provides in-depth analysis of parent market trends, macro-economic indicators and governing factors along with market attractiveness as per segments. The report also maps the qualitative impact of various market factors on market segments and geographies. Antifungal drugs medication is done for treating fungal infections with minimal side effects on the body. Basically this fungal infections are organism that feed by breaking down the living tissue these fungi are commonly known as dermatophytes. Dermatophytes can cause infection of the skin, hair and nail as they have a unique ability to utilize the keratin. There are some common fungal infections such as ringworm, athlete’s foot, fungal n ail infection and vaginal thrush these can be treated by antifungal drugs. Antifungal drugs works by either killing the fungal cell by causing the contents of the cell to break and leak out and the cell to die and also by preventing the cell from growing. There are different types of antifungal medicines such as topical antifungals which are mostly applied on the skin, nails or hair, secondly there are oral antifungals which are consumed or swallowed in capsule, liquid form or pill and last is intravenous antifungal which are directly injected in the blood stream so as to prevent the fungal infection. The antifungal drugs are segmented as over-the-counter drug products particularly for dermal infections. Advancement in technology and drug delivery is expected to boost the global antifungal market. According to Center of Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) approximately 46,000 new cases of Invasive candidiasis occur every year in U.S. which is a common bloodstream infection in U.S. The incidence rate of fungal infections such as Candida species causing infection vary substantially by geographic location and patient population and it is therefore causing challenge to healthcare professionals. The antifungal drugs market is mainly driven by the incidence and prevalence rate of the antifungal infections. Moreover due to benefits such as cost effective products, growing population of immunocompromised individuals and minimal side-effects physician are prescribing these products. Healthcare professionals are conducting patient education program for creating the awareness among the general population. However antifungal drugs market has some restraints such as presence of alternative therapies may hinder the growth of the antifungal drugs market. The Global Antifungal drugs market is segmented on the basis of product form, distribution channel and regional presence: Segmentation based on product form Gels Cream Shampoo Injections Liquids or Spray Tablets (Pill) Segmentation based on distribution channel Specialty Clinics Hospital Pharmacies Retail Pharmacies E-commerce With the fungal disease leading to increase in the incidence of fungal infections Antifungal drugs market is increasing very rapidly. Moreover significant rising awareness among general population and rise in disposable income will boost the Antifungal drugs market during the forecast period. Geographically the Antifungal drugs market is segmented into five key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and MEA region. In the United States, Candidemia is the common form of invasive candidiasis and a common bloodstream infections. North America followed by Europe is dominating the Antifungal drugs market as high incidence of fungal infections and development of novel antifungal biopharmaceuticals. In Asia Pacific region the antifungal drugs market is expected to deliver significant growth due to the rise in per capita income in this region which is expected to further fuel market demand. This growth is also due to the increasing awareness towards personal safety and health care. China is expected to register significant market growth in antifungal drugs owing to the growing access of public with healthcare professional and growing economy. Also the antifungal drugs market is expected to become highly competitive due to entry of potential entrants in the market by the end of forecast period. Some major companies in the Antifungal drugs market are Pfizer, Sanofi-Aventis, Kramer Laboratories, Enzon Pharmaceuticals, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis, Merck & Co., Bayer Healthcare and Glaxosmithkline Gilead Browse Full Report summary and to request sample report and table of content@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/antifungal-drugs-market.asp About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAntifungal Drugs, Antifungal Drugs Market:, Business, Companies, Economy, Education, general, Google News, Health, Healthcare Market, hospital, intelligence, major, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, Markets, satPRnews, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sulbenicillin Sodium Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Diageo’s Learning Skills for Life Bartending Training Program Expands into Washington, DC Search Recent Posts Atradius annonce des Résultats en hausse de 19 % en 2016 Jaarresultaat Atradius 2016: stijging van 19 procent Atradius steigert das Jahresergebnis für 2016 um 19 Prozent Atradius: utile netto in crescita del 19% nel 2016 Talentoday, startup en technologie Ressources Humaines (RH), a réalisé une levée de fonds « Série A » de 3.49 millions de dollars Proudly powered by WordPress
