null
Skip to content Patent Blog Jobs Ethics Journal America's leading patent law source Search for: Supreme Court Patent Cases: Post Sale Exhaustion November 14, 2016PatentDennis Crouch by Dennis Crouch Substantive Patent Law: Newly filed petition in Merck & Cie v. Watson Labs raises a core substantive patent issue – does the on sale bar apply to secret sales? The defendant asks: Whether the “on sale” bar found in § 102(b) applies only to sales or offers of sale made available to the public, as Congress, this Court, and the United States have all made clear, or whether it also applies to non-public sales or offers of sale, as the Federal Circuit has held. The Merck petition is focused on pre-AIA patents.  The PTO (and patentees) are arguing more forcefully that the AIA certainly intended to exclude secret sales from the scope of prior art in cases now pending before the Federal Circuit. The second new substantive patent law case is Google v. Arendi that challenge’s the Federal Circuit’s limitations on the use of common sense in the obviousness analysis.  In its decision, the Federal Circuit limited KSR to combination patents and held that “common sense” cannot be used to supply missing limitations.  Google argues that the Federal Circuit’s approach is contrary to the broad and flexible obviousness analysis required by KSR.  Patentees bristle term “common sense” – they see an overly flexible analysis as providing opportunities to invalidate patents without evidence.  The question: “Did the Federal Circuit err in restricting the Board’s ability to rely on the common sense and common knowledge of skilled artisans to establish the obviousness of patent claims?” As these new petitions were being filed, the Supreme Court has also denied the pending obviousness, anticipation, and eligibility petitions.  In addition, Cooper v. Square has also been denied. Civil Procedure: In J&J v. Rembrandt, the defendant J&J won at trial. However, Rembrandt later learned that J&J’s expert had testified falsely and the Federal Circuit ordered the case re-opened under R.60(b)(3) that empowers district courts to revisit final judgments after a showing of “fraud …, misrepresentation, or misconduct by the opposing party.”  The various circuits follow different standards and procedures for analyzing process and J&J has asked the Supreme Court to reconcile these (in its favor).  Another CivPro petition was also filed by Eon Corp that questions whether an appellee needed to file a R.50 JMOL motion to overturn a jury verdict that was based upon a faulty legal conclusion by the district court (here claim construction).  The Question Presented is: Whether the Federal Circuit erred in ordering entry of judgment as a matter of law on a ground not presented in a Rule 50 motion in the district court, even though the ground presented a purely legal question. Both J&J and Eon are only marginally patent cases, the core procedure case now pending is TC Heartland that would substantially upset the status quo of patent lawsuit concentration in E.D. Texas. Briefing continues in TC Heartland. In recent weeks a set of seven amici briefs were filed on the top side. Next week Supreme Court conference includes review of the most likely-to-be-granted petition of Impression Products, Inc. v. Lexmark International, Inc. that focuses on important questions of post-sale exhaustion of patent rights.  The setup – If I buy a used product that was made and sold by the patentee, do I still need to worry that I might get sued for patent infringement?  The Federal Circuit says yes. The Supreme Court is likely to add some caveats to that.  The US Government (Obama Administration via DOJ) has argued that the case should be reviewed and that the Federal Circuit’s position should be rejected. Both parties then filed supplemental responsive briefs.  Lexmark’s best argument here is that these principles are well settled and that Congress can take on the role of tweaking them if needed. Upcoming Supreme Court Oral Argument: Life Tech (export of components) set for December 6, 2016. 1. Petitions Granted: Awaiting Decision: SCA Hygiene Products Aktiebolag v. First Quality Baby Products, LLC, No. 15-927 (laches in patent cases) Awaiting Decision: Samsung Electronics Co. v. Apple Inc., No 15-777 (design patent damages calculation) Upcoming Oral Arguments: Life Technologies Corporation, et al. v. Promega Corporation, No. 14-1538 (Whether the Federal Circuit erred in holding that supplying a single, commodity component of a multi-component invention from the United States is an infringing act under 35 U.S.C. § 271(f)(1), exposing the manufacturer to liability for all worldwide sales.) 2. Petitions with Invited Views of SG (CVSG):  Exhaustion: Impression Products, Inc. v. Lexmark International, Inc., No. 15-1189 (unreasonable restraints on downstream uses) BPCIA – Notice of Commercial Marketing: Sandoz Inc. v. Amgen Inc., et al., No. 15-1039 (Does the notice requirement of the BPCIA create an effective six-month exclusivity post-FDA approval?) (cross-petition asks for recourse on failure to dance) Antitrust Reverse Payments: GlaxoSmithKline, et al. v. King Drug Company of Florence, Inc., et al., No. 15-1055 (antitrust reverse payment – appeal from the 3rd Cir.) 3. Petitions for Writ of Certiorari Pending: Anticipation/Obviousness: Merck & Cie, et al. v. Watson Laboratories, Inc., No. 16-493 (pre-AIA, do secret sales count as prior art?) Anticipation/Obviousness: Google Inc., et al. v. Arendi S A.R.L., et al., No. 16-626 (can “common sense” invalidate a patent claim that includes novel elements?) Civil Procedure – Venue:  TC Heartland LLC v. Kraft Food Brands Group LLC, No 16-341 (Does the general and broad definition of “residence” found in 28 U.S.C. 1391(c) apply to the patent venue statute 1400(b)) Civil Procedure – Personal Jurisdiction: Mylan Pharmaceuticals, et al. v. Acorda Therapeutics, et al., No. 16-360 (does an ANDA filing create nationwide specific jurisdiction?) Civil Procdedure – Final Judgment: Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. v. Rembrandt Vision Technologies, L.P., No. 16-489 (Reopening final decision under R.60). Civil Procedure – Preserving Appeal: EON Corp. IP Holdings LLC v. Silver Spring Networks, Inc., No. 16-551 (Appeal of question of law without Fed. R. Civ. Pro. R. 50 JMOL motion) BPCIA – Notice of Commercial Marketing: Apotex Inc., et al. v. Amgen Inc., et al., No. 16-332 (effectively extending exclusivity to 12 1/2 years; complement to the Sandoz petition) Licensing: DataTreasury Corp. v. JP Morgan, No. 16-359 (appeal from 5th Circuit) (Whether a most-favored licensee (“MFL”) clauses in an intellectual property license agreement applies retrospectively to require refund if better terms are later given to another licensee?) [DataTreasuryPetition] Extraterritoriality – Trade Secrecy: Sino Legend (Zhangjiagang) Chemical Co. Ltd. et al. v. International Trade Commission, et al., No. 16-428 (Whether Section 337(a)(1)(A) permits the ITC to adjudicate claims regarding trade secret misappropriation alleged to have occurred outside the United States.) Laches: Medinol Ltd. v. Cordis Corporation, et al., No. 15-998 (follow-on to SCA); Endotach LLC v. Cook Medical LLC, No. 16-127 (SCA Redux); Romag Fasteners, Inc. v. Fossil, Inc., et al, No. 16-202 (SCA Redux plus TM issue) Post Grant Admin: Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. v. Covidien LP, et al., No. 16-366 (separation-of-function – can the PTO Director delegate IPR institution decisions to PTAB); Same question presented in LifeScan Scotland, Ltd. v. Pharmatech Solutions, Inc., No. 16-377 Design Patents: Systems, Inc. v. Nordock, Inc., No. 15-978 (design patent damage calculations – similar issues as Samsung v. Apple) ITC Jurisdiction: DBN Holding, Inc. v. International Trade Commission, No. 16-63 (Does the USITC have jurisdiction over articles imported in order to infringe, but that do not themselves practice the invention at import). Claim Construction: Google, Inc. v. Alfonso Cioffi, No. 16-200 (holding prosecution history against the patentee) 4. Petitions for Writ of Certiorari Denied or Dismissed: Anticipation: Grunenthal GmbH v. Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., et al., No. 16-296 (OxyContin patent – when is an element ‘inherently’ disclosed by the prior art for anticipation purposes) Obviousness: Purdue Pharma L.P. v. Epic Pharma, LLC, 16-289 (whether the circumstances of invention can help prove non-obviousness) (The Purdue and Grunenthal cases stem from the same Federal Circuit decision but involve separate patents owned by the respective petitioners) Claim Construction: CSP Technologies, Inc. v. Sud-Chemie AG, No. 16-238 (unduly narrow claim construction) Eligibility: Trading Technologies International, Inc. v. Michelle K. Lee, No. 16-446 (Eligibility of new use of old manufacture – blackjack game) Post Grant Admin: Automated Creel Systems, Inc. v. Shaw Industries Group, Inc., et al., No. 16-108 (Achates redux – review of statute-of-limitations for filing IPR requests) Safe Harbor: Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al. v. Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., No. 15-1402 (scope of 271(e) safe harbor) Post Grant Admin: MCM v. HP, No 15-1330 (separation of powers and right to jury trial) Post Grant Admin: Cooper v. Lee, No. 15-955 (whether IPRs violate Separation of Powers; two amici now filed in support); same question presented by Cooper in Cooper v. Square, No. 16-76. Post Grant Admin: Cooper v. Square, No. 16-76 (whether IPRs violate Separation of Powers; two amici now filed in support); same question presented by Cooper in Cooper v. Lee (denied) Post Grant Admin: Trading Technologies International, Inc. v. Lee, No. 15-1516 (mandamus challenging CBM initiation) Post Grant Admin: GEA Process Engineering, Inc. v. Steuben Foods, Inc., No. 15-1075 (Flip-side of Cuozzo: Can there be no appeal when the PTAB exceeds its authority by terminating an instituted IPR proceeding?) Post Grant Admin: Merck & Cie, et al. v. Gnosis S.p.A., et al., No. 16-125 (standard of appellate review of PTAB fact-finding in IPR proceedings) Eligibility: Genetic Technologies Limited v. Merial L.L.C., et al., No. 16-188 (Sequenom redux; also question whether ineligibility is a proper subject of a motion to dismiss on the pleadings) Arbitration: Neev v. Alcon Lensx, Inc., No. 16-48 (limits on arbitrator autonomy in patent cases) Interference: Edward Tobinick v. Kjell Olmarker, et al., No. 15-1544 (question of procedure in interference case involving allegations of fraud) Post Grant Admin: Pactiv LLC v. Lee, No. 16-205 (Does the “substantial new question of patentability” identified in a reexamination order limit the scope of the ex parte reexamination) Eligibility: Essociate, Inc. v. Clickbooth.com, LLC, et al., No. 16-195 (please clarify the meaning of ‘abstract idea’ and ‘inventive process’) Obviousness: MacDermid Printing Solutions, LLC v. E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Company, No. 15-1499 (is proof of a “reasonable expectation of success” necessary to combine references in an obviousness case against a claimed combination invention) Jurisdiction: GeoTag, Inc. v. Google Inc., No. 16-268 (Whether a compulsory counterclaim can satisfy the case or controversy requirement under Article III of the Constitution if there was no case or controversy at the time the complaint was filed?) Post Grant Admin: James L. Driessen, et ux. v. Sony Music Entertainment, et al., No. 15-1518 (Claim construction in IPRs – pro se case) Appellate Review: Commil USA, LLC v. Cisco Systems, Inc., No. 15-1446 (appellate disregard of factual evidence) Eligibility: Jericho Systems Corporation v. Axiomatics, Inc., et al., No. 15-1502 (Eligibility of Patent No. 8,560,836 under Section 101 – Abstract Idea)[Jericho] Patent Attorney Malpractice: Encyclopaedia Britannica v. Dickstein Shapiro, No. 16-305 (Does the fact that the search-system is no longer patentable under Alice Corp excuse patent prosecutors from alleged prosecution errors made well prior to that decision – the patent). 5. Prior versions of this report: October 13, 2016 September 28, 2016 September 18, 2016 September 5, 2016 June 28, 2016 June 3, 2016 May 18, 2016 May 3, 2016 April 18, 2016 April 1, 2016 March 17, 2016 March 4, 2016 February 17, 2016 February 3, 2016 January 12, 2016 January 1, 2016 December 14, 2015 December 7, 2015 October 12, 2015 About Dennis Crouch Law Professor at the University of Missouri School of Law. Co-director of the Center for Intellectual Property and Entrepreneurship. View all posts by Dennis Crouch → Post navigation ← What Would Eliminating Chevron Deference mean for Patent Law Ski at Snowmass: January 4-8, 2017 (and Talk Law) → Hide comments 13 thoughts on “Supreme Court Patent Cases: Post Sale Exhaustion” 4 Paul F. Morgan says: November 14, 2016 at 5:59 pm I think there could be a lot clearer fact case in which to decide “secret sales” issues either before or after the AIA [two different questions] than Merck & Cie v. Watson Labs. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 3 Night Writer says: November 14, 2016 at 4:17 pm I predicted this long ago. Why? Because if the IPR was found to be unconstitutional, then all that IPR work would go back to the district courts. Basically, the question before the justices was whether they wanted more patent work. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 2 MM says: November 14, 2016 at 4:09 pm Hey, let’s hear it for the poor, poor “small inventors” like Adrian Pelkus who weeps and moans that “patents are a liability” over at the Professional Entitled Whiner’s Club: link to wsj.com Adrian Pelkus, a San Marcos, Calif., business owner used home-equity loans to fund at least six start-up businesses in the past 15 years. He started his flagship company, A Squared Technologies Inc., which makes circuit boards for electronics manufacturers, with a $10,000 loan against his home in 1985. But Mr. Pelkus has been thwarted by the housing bust. In 2008, he says, he hit on his best idea yet—to generate power from ocean waves. He patented the idea and produced a prototype for the product, and planned to borrow against his home to do lab tests and market the idea to investors. But by 2009, Southern California prices had declined so far that Mr. Pelkus was underwater by more than $100,000 on the three houses he owns near San Diego. Oh, poor, poor Mr. “Small Inventor” Pelkus! He “only” owned three houses near San Diego! At least he could remember the number, unlike poor persecuted John “Every Sunday” McCain (R) … Life is so, so brutally tough for the “small” innovators. *sniffle* Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1 MM says: November 14, 2016 at 11:51 am CERT DENIED COOPER, J. CARL V. SQUARE, INC. Truly excellent news! Cooper v. Lee still pending? Upcoming Supreme Court Oral Argument: Life Tech (export of components) set for December 6, 2016. This is going to be a very b0ring argument but at least the CAFC’s ridiculous decision will be quickly reversed. It’ll probably be a three page opinion by the Supremes. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.1 Dennis Crouch says: November 14, 2016 at 12:02 pm All the Constitutional challenges to the IPR system have been denied certiorari. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.1.1 MM says: November 14, 2016 at 12:04 pm Perfect. Thank you. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.1.2 Jonathan says: November 15, 2016 at 7:49 am As I pointed out previously on this blog, the Cooper et al. arguments challenging the constitutionality of the IPR were likely to fail. The cert. petitioners erroneous emphasize and focus in their challenge on a violation of the separation of power doctrine is not the route to go challenging the IPR .This is because the SC has held (several times) that Congress has plenary power related to the patents. According to the SC a patent is primary created by a federal statue (albeit with property rights elements). The only way to successfully challenge the constitutionality of the IPR is to look to the non-delegation doctrine and to argue that the IPR does not meet the “intelligible principle” test. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.1.2.1 anon says: November 15, 2016 at 9:04 am Not the only way – but I do see your angle. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.2 Mike Rothwell says: November 14, 2016 at 12:42 pm A disappointing result for an important and provocative question. Nonetheless, excellent advocacy by the DOJ, HP, MCM, Cooper, the various amici, etc. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.2.1 MM says: November 14, 2016 at 3:26 pm A disappointing result for an important and provocative question. Everyone should feel free to continue to ask and answer the “provocative questions” to their heart’s content. They never seemed very provocative to me. They seemed like desperate Hail Mary’s tossed by entitled people who wanted their junky patents to remain as valuable as possible for as long as possible. The result is awesome for those up looking for an efficient way to clean up the worst messes in our messed up patent system. Even better (and more efficient) would be some clarity from the Supreme as to whether logic and information can be protected by patents merely by salting the claim with references to conventional computer hardware. We already know that logic and information by themselves are ineligible for patent protection. Nobody’s seriously questioning that. Maybe someone should ask Trump what he thinks. Onwards! Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.2.1.1 anon says: November 14, 2016 at 3:36 pm This issue – no matter how mundane it may be to you Malcolm – simply must wait for another case in another term (with perhaps a more capable champion, as neither party this term showed that they understood the takings issue well enough). Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.2.1.1.1 Paul F. Morgan says: November 14, 2016 at 6:34 pm Anon, I had predicted that you would say that again. But it is not taking into consideration all the various arguments made in professional amicus briefs that were variously filed in the three failed cert petitions challenging post-grant proceeding statutes, Including the NYC association. Furthermore, everyone had ample opportunity to contact parties or amici to proffer unconstitutionality arguments even if they were not already fully aware of them from numerous blog comments. “Not understanding the takings issue well enough” can hardly be said of the genuine constitutional law experts retained by these parties or participating in the amicus briefs. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply 1.2.1.1.1.1 anon says: November 14, 2016 at 6:58 pm Your attempt here to kick dust by “not taking into consideration all the various arguments made in the professional amicus briefs” is noted. My post stands correct. Reply link does not work in your browser because JavaScript is disabled. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Patently-O Authors Dennis Crouch Associate Professor, University of Missouri School of Law SSRN Articles Jason Rantanen Associate Professor, University of Iowa College of Law SSRN Articles Occasional guest posts by IP practitioners and academics Patently-O Tools Subscribe to the blog 19,000+ individuals now receive Patently-O via e-mail each morning. Find a patent job We regularly post top patent jobs from leading firms, corporations, and government and educational institutions. Submit a patent job Find a patent professional among our 15,000+ monthly readers. Recent Patent Posts Director Lee: IP is a Necessary Key Piece of President-Elect Trump’s Promised Economic Growth and Job Creation USPTO Proposed to Revise Rule 56 Ski at Snowmass: January 4-8, 2017 (and Talk Law) Supreme Court Patent Cases: Post Sale Exhaustion What Would Eliminating Chevron Deference mean for Patent Law Federal Circuit’s Internal Debate of Eligibility Continues Citing to Supreme Court’s Eligibility Cases President Trump and the Patent Office Results of the Clarity of the Record Pilot A BETR Journal: The Business, Entrepreneurship & Tax Law Review CategoriesCategories Select Category – US – Southwest Academic Studies Accelerated Examination All Elements Amicus Brief Anticipation Articles and Publications assignment Attorney Fees Bayh-Dole Best Mode Biotech Bits and Bytes Blogroll Book Review Books BPAI Business Developments CAFC CBM Certificate of Correction Chemical Claim Construction Claim Drafting Tips collateral Conference or CLE conflict of interest Contributory Infringement Copyright Current Affairs Damages Declaratory Judgment Design Patent Disclaimer Dissent District Court Doctrine of Equivalents Doctrine of Patent Misuse EFiling En Banc Enablement Ethics False Marking Fee Shifting Fees First Sale / Exhaustion Food and Drink Games Gaming Graham Factors Guest Post Indefinite Inducement Inequitable Conduct Infringement Injunctions Interference Invalidity Inventors Inventorship IPR ITC Job Post Journal Jurisdiction Laches Law Firm Practice Law School Lear Doctrine License Local Rules malpractice mandamus Means Plus Function Medical Device Method Claims Motivation to Combine Novelty Obviousness On Sale Ownership Patent Patent Applications Patent Cases 2004 Patent Cases 2005 Patent Cases 2006 Patent Cases 2007 Patent Cases 2008 Patent Cases 2009 Patent Cases 2010 Patent Cases 2011 Patent Cases 2012 Patent Cases 2014 Patent Legislation Patent Prosecution Patent Q&A Patent Term Extension Patentable Subject Matter Petitions PGR Pharma PHOSITA Post Grant Review Preissuance Submissions Printed Matter Doctrine Prior Art Priority Rights Procedure Provisional Patent Application PTAB Public Use Rantanen Reexamination Reissue Revival Science Settlement Software Standing State Immunity Stats statutory bar Statutory Construction Summary Judgment Supreme Court Survey Takings Teaching Away Television TipCast Tools Trade Secret Trademark Transnational USITC USPTO News Vitiation Web/Tech Weblogs Work – Patent Agent Work – Patent Litigation Work – Patent Prosecution Search for: Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 A few links Patent Docs IP Kat Prof Goldman SCOTUS Blog ELS Spicy IP The Patent Law Journal Bill Vobach IP Watchdog Levin Crouch Patent Mediation Services SpiritFelt City Garden School Missouri-K Contact Us E-mail Dennis Crouch Post a Job on Patently-O E-mail Patently-O Jobs
Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us   Search Menu POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS Trump Promises to Deport Three Million Illegal Immigrants I Will Not Collect Salary – Trump What Donald Trump's Victory Means to the World Dangote Foundation Champions Eradication of Malaria‎ in Nigeria NDIC Warns Nigerians against Wonder Banks UNESCO-MARS to Empower Women in Research on Infectious Diseases, Women Health Nigerian Refineries Perform Below 20% – NNPC Nigerians Now Make More Payments through Electronic Channels Security Challenges in N/Delta over Soon – Kachikwu PenCom Micro Pension Scheme Targets Self-Employed Nigerians Recent Posts Nigeria Has Highest Number of African Students in US – Report Senate Rejects Buhari’s 46 Ambassadorial Nominees Former Sultan of Sokoto, Ibrahim Dasuki, Is Dead Ibn Chambas, Obiano for Realnews Fourth Anniversary Lecture Ondo Guber: Oke Imports Crowd from Lagos, Osun for Rally, APC Alleges Fani-Kayode Released from Prison Authorities Shut Down AAU Indefinitely ASUU to Embark on One Week Warning Strike Okereke Wins YALI Awards African Leaders Pledge to Improve On Emergency, Response FG to Support Growth of Film Industry – Minister Many Feared Killed in Shiite, Police Clash Popular Posts The Many Benefits of Bitter Kola The Many Risks of Slimming Tea The Wonders of Bitter Leaf The Many Benefits of Garden Egg Benefits of Zobo Ibn Chambas, Obiano for Realnews Fourth Anniversary Lecture Questra World, Atlantic Global Asset Management Enter Africa Market Merck Marks World Diabetes Day with Diabetes Award 2016 Winners Gone To Rest Epic Refinery Signs Consulting Agreement to Build Refinery Challenges of Exclusive Breastfeeding Use Science and Technology to End Recession – Johnson Fani-Kayode Released from Prison Roadside Food Eaters Beware New Hope for NITEL/MTEL Survival Subscribe to our Newsletter × Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 × CategoriesCategories Select Category #Nigeriadecides  (20) #Statesdecides  (2) #StopLassaFever  (7) #ZikaVirus  (1) 10th AEC Special Coverage  (9) 2013 Women’s Day  (3) 2015 Election  (9) Advertisement  (5) AfDB 2016 Special Coverage  (12) AfDB Special Coverage  (7) Africa  (152) Agriculture  (54) Anniversary  (10) Announcement  (1) Aviation  (24) Award  (38) Banking Briefs  (253) Books  (22) BREAKING NEWS  (4,416) Business  (1,204) Business Briefs  (340) Change of Name  (2) Column  (115) Cover  (196) Cover Box  (15) Crime  (131) Defence  (26) Disasters  (1) Editorial  (1) Editorial Suite  (137) Education  (175) Energy Briefs  (306) Entertainment  (68) Entertainment Briefs  (39) Environment  (105) Environment Briefs  (7) Essay  (37) Events  (14) Executive Chat  (1) Featured  (671) Foreign  (72) From the Editor-in-Chief  (1) Global News Update  (1) Guest Writer  (83) Health  (216) Health Briefs  (2) Interview  (24) Judiciary  (236) Lifestyle  (68) Maritime  (3) Media  (164) Media Briefs  (4) Milestone  (365) News People  (54) Oil & Gas  (551) Opinion  (61) Passage  (63) Political Briefs  (481) Politics  (1,404) Power  (216) Profile  (1) Prologue  (7) Realnews 2nd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews 3rd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews Advert  (1) Realnews Advert Rates  (1) Rejoinder  (2) Religion  (39) Science & Tech  (13) Security  (338) Social Diary  (29) Special Anniversary Edition  (5) Special Centenary Edition  (4) Special Democracy Edition  (1) Special Features  (2) Special Mandela Edition  (5) Special Report  (7) Speeches  (4) Sports  (141) Sports Briefs  (288) Tana Forum on Security in Africa  (4) Travelogue  (2) Tribute  (25) Vox Pop  (48) Winners & Losers  (3) Women  (98) Youth  (63) Merck Marks World Diabetes Day with Diabetes Award 2016 Winners –  MERCK, a leading science and technology company, Monday, November 14, announced the winners of the Merck Diabetes Award “Every Day is a Diabetes Day” to mark the World Diabetes Day – WDD themed ‘Eyes on Diabetes’. Merck Diabetes Award as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Programme was launched in April 2016 in partnership with African and Asian universities with the aim of building a platform of diabetes experts across the globe. “Merck plays an important role in building Diabetes Care capacity in partnership with African and Asian Universities. Today marks an important day in the fight against Diabetes as we celebrate World Diabetes Day. In this context, we have announced ten Diabetes Award Winners from Africa and Asia” Belen Garijo, member of Merck’s Executive Board and CEO Merck Healthcare, said. “This initiative fully illustrates our commitment to improving access to affordable Healthcare in Africa and other developing countries,” Garijo added. The scientific committee received over 500 concept submission applications from universities in Africa and Asia and 10 winners were selected for the award. The winner from each university has been granted a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma in South Wales University, United Kingdom. “Merck Diabetes Award marks another step in our long term commitment to support diabetes care strategies in developing countries through working with local governments, academia and relevant stakeholders in building healthcare capacity with a focus on Diabetes, hypertension and other non-communicable diseases in various countries in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America,” Rasha Kelej, chief social officer, Merck Healthcare, said when making the announcement of the winners. Merck invited all medical students to apply for the “Merck Diabetes Award” 2016 with the theme “Every Day is a Diabetes Day”. Students across African and Asian medical universities were asked to submit a concept paper on how to improve diabetes early detection and prevention in their countries and how to encourage their society, scientific community, local authorities, media and relevant stakeholders to think and act on diabetes every day. “Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ with more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it,” Dominic Oduro-Donkor, a Merck Diabetes Award winner, said from Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana. “The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this growing epidemic of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth knowledge about every aspect of this disease,” Antara Bagchi, another winner and a student at the Indira Gandhi Medical College, India, said. Ahmed Reja, president of the International Diabetes Federation, Africa and President of Ethiopia Diabetes Association said: “We are very happy to partner with Merck to drive their strategy to build diabetes capacity and roll out the Merck Diabetes Award across the continent. The awards encourage the students to be more innovative and take a leadership position to fight diabetes in their own country.” In addition, as part of its recognition of the World Diabetes Day, the Merck Capacity Advancement Program also launched its European Accredited Clinical Diabetes and Hypertension management 2016 tour across Africa and Asia. The programme supports focused training to build diabetes healthcare capacity for medical undergraduates, postgraduates and healthcare providers in partnership with universities across the two continents. More than 5000 medical undergraduates have benefited from the fourth edition of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program which covered eight African countries and is in partnership with Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia; University of Nairobi, Kenya; Makerere University, Uganda; Muhimbili University, Tanzania; University of Ghana; University of Namibia; Eduardo Mondelane University in Mozambique and Agostinho Neto University, Angola. In Asia the tours are being conducted with Maharashtra University, India and University of Indonesia. In addition to building capacity among healthcare professionals to provide quality diabetes care, Merck runs a social media campaign providing diabetes patient education through videos and information materials in English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and many local languages focusing on diabetes early symptoms and complications to raise awareness on diabetes and the importance of early detection and prevention among communities. — Nov 14, 2016 @ 15:40 GMT | No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website     © 2014, Realnews Magazine | All Rights Reserved. POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases OpGen Collaborates With Merck to Develop Novel Rapid Diagnostics and Informatics Tools to Combat Antibiotic Resistance GAITHERSBURG, M.d., Nov. 14, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — OpGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:OPGN) today announced it has entered into a research collaboration with Merck, known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, to develop new rapid diagnostics and information technology products to help combat the threat of antimicrobial resistance. The companies will collaborate to support OpGen’s development of rapid DNA tests and a genomic knowledgebase of antibiotic-resistant pathogens for predicting antibiotic susceptibility based on test results. Under the terms of the agreement, Merck will provide access to its archive of over 200,000 bacterial pathogens gathered over the last 15 years through the Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends (SMART), one of the world’s largest surveillance studies of antimicrobial resistance supported by Merck in collaboration with International Health Management Associates (IHMA). OpGen will perform genomic analysis, microbiology testing for drug resistance, and incorporate this information into its Acuitas® Lighthouse Knowledgebase and the development of rapid DNA tests. This new molecular testing and informatics approach is being developed to help transform antibiotic decision making for doctors managing acute care patients with blood, respiratory, urinary tract, and soft tissue infections. In addition to identifying resistance determinants to predict antibiotic failures, the OpGen technology is being evaluated as the foundation for utilizing molecular diagnostic tests to predict pathogen susceptibility and guide patient management choices to improve patient outcomes. “This collaboration builds upon the promise of our DNA-based genetic tests, Lighthouse Knowledgebase and antibiotic resistance decision making tools to make a significant impact on hospital infections,” said Evan Jones, chairman and CEO of OpGen. “Access to Merck’s SMART surveillance network data has the potential to greatly accelerate our internal development efforts in validating our rapid diagnostic tools and bolster data acquisition for our Lighthouse Knowledgebase.” Recent studies have indicated that antimicrobial resistant infections currently claim 50,000 lives each year across the United States and Europe alone, with many hundreds of thousands more dying in other areas of the world. In September, world leaders at the United Nations called rising antimicrobial resistance a fundamental threat to human health, development, and security. As a result, for the first time, Heads of State committed to taking a broad, coordinated approach to combat rising antimicrobial resistance including the development of new medicines and rapid diagnostics. “Rapid diagnostics for pathogen identification and antibiotic susceptibility testing are central to developing global solutions for antimicrobial resistance,” said Dr. Eliav Barr, senior vice president, Infectious Diseases and Vaccines Clinical Development, Merck Research Laboratories. “By providing OpGen with access to our archive of bacterial pathogens, we hope to expedite the development of rapid diagnostic tests and enable prompt and informed antibiotic prescribing to improve patient outcomes.” OpGen will initially perform molecular analyses on up to 10,000 pathogens to identify markers of resistance to support rapid decision making using the Acuitas Lighthouse® MDRO Management System (“Lighthouse Portal”), and to speed development of OpGen’s rapid diagnostic platforms. OpGen’s Lighthouse Portal and Knowledgebase are being developed to provide antibiotic stewardship and tracking information for drug resistant pathogens in hospitals and health systems. Merck will gain access to the high-resolution genotype data for the SMART isolates as well as access to OpGen’s Lighthouse Portal to support internal research and development programs. About the SMART Study The Study for Monitoring Antimicrobial Resistance Trends (SMART) was initiated by Merck in 2002 to monitor the in vitro susceptibility of clinical isolates to 12 commonly used antibiotics in different regions of the world to survey changing trends in antibiotic susceptibility. SMART currently monitors antibiotic activity against gram-negative bacteria isolated from two common types of infection: intra-abdominal and urinary tract infections. Isolates have been collected from patients with complicated intra-abdominal infections since 2002 and from patients with complicated urinary tract infections since 2010. In 2016, Merck anticipates that more than 41,000 isolates will be collected. This research agreement is executed between OpGen and Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck & Co. Inc. The Merck Global Health Innovation Fund, a venture capital arm of Merck, is an investor in OpGen Inc. About OpGen OpGen, Inc. is harnessing the power of informatics and genomic analysis to provide complete solutions for patient, hospital and network-wide infection prevention and treatment. Learn more at www.opgen.com and follow OpGen on Twitter and LinkedIn. OpGen, Acuitas, Acuitas Lighthouse and QuickFISH are registered trademarks of OpGen, Inc. OpGen Contact:
Michael Farmer
Director, Marketing
240-813-1284
mfarmer@opgen.com
InvestorRelations@opgen.com

OpGen Investor and Media Contact:
MacDougall Biomedical Communications
Cammy Duong
781-591-3443
cduong@macbiocom.com Author karolPosted on November 14, 2016November 14, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: ZAGG Presenting at the 7th Annual Craig-Hallum Alpha Select Conference Next Next post: NETSOL Technologies Announces Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Search for: Search Recent Posts Leonardo Demonstrates C-27J Capabilities in Latin America SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline Research and Markets – Global Pilates Equipment Market – Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2020 – Key Vendors are Gratz Industries, Merrithew & Xtend Pilates Two Accomplished Security Entrepreneurs Invest In RiskRecon North America Pothole Patchers Truck/Body Industry Report 2016-2020 with Profiles of 15 Manufacturers – Research and Markets Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
× We use cookies to improve your experience. By your continued use of this site you accept such use. About Contact Log In/Signup en fr pt ar Toggle navigation Menu Home Press Offices Sources List Get APO Content Send a press release Advertising Agriculture Art Aviation/Airlines Banking/Finance Books Chemical Computers Defense/Aerospace Education Electricity Entertainment Environment Food/Beverages Health Infectious Diseases Infrastructure Insurance Internet Technology Investment Logistics Maritime Mining Mobile Motoring Movies Music Oil and Gas Pharmaceutical Renewable energy Retail Sport Telecommunications Textile Tobacco Tourism Transport Wood African Development Animals Asia Awards Business Children Economy Energy European Government Events/Media Advisory Foreign Policy Handicapped/Disabled Humanitarian Aid Justice/Legal issues Labour market Not For Profit Oil/Gas discoveries Personnel announcements Religion Trade Urbanism/Cities Water/Sanitation Women Afghanistan Africa Algeria Angola Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Botswana Brazil Burkina Faso Burundi California Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad China Comoros Congo (Republic of the) Cuba Democratic Republic of Congo Denmark Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Finland France Gabon Gambia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Illinois India Ireland Islamic Republic of Iran Israel Italy Ivory Coast Japan Jordan Kenya Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Kuwait Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Mali Malta Mauritania Mauritius Middle East MONACO Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zeland Niger Nigeria Norway Portugal Russia Rwanda Sao Tome and Principe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sudan Swaziland Switzerland Tanzania The People's Republic of China Togo Tunisia Turkey Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Vatican Zambia Zimbabwe _ A New Earth, organic and eco-living store Access Power Action Against Hunger - ACF-UK Action contre la Faim (ACF) Advanced Finance & Investment Group LLC (AFIG Funds) Africa 2.0 Africa Business Forum Africa Finance Corporation (AFC) Africa Initiative for Governance Africa Luxury Hospitality Africa News Latest Africa Oil & Power conference Africa PPP Africa Progress Panel (APP) Africa Regional Media Hub Africa-PPB-EXPO Tanzania 2016 African Alliances for Women Empowerment and Africa Fertility Society African Alliances of Women Empowerment African Blogger Awards African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies (ACJPS) African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights (African Court) African Entrepreneurship Award (AEA) African Innovation Foundation (AIF) African Institute for Mathematical Sciences (AIMS) African Leadership African Leadership Academy (ALA) African Mineral Development Centre African Securities Exchanges Association (ASEA) African Society for Laboratory Medicine (ASLM) African Trade Insurance Agency (ATI) African Union Commission (AUC) African Union Peace and Security Department African Union Sports Council (AUSC) African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur (UNAMID) African Viral Hepatitis Summit 2016 AfricanStates.info Afrique Telecom AfroCan Resources Gold Ltd AGCO Corporation Agence de Promotion de l'Investissement Extérieur (FIPA) - Tunisie Agence française de développement (AFD) Aggreko plc Agility Aid & International Development Forum Al Yah Satellite Communications Company PrJSC, "Yahsat" Aleda SAS Aleph Hospitality Ambassade d'Allemagne au Togo Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Cameroun Ambassade de France au Sénégal Ambassade de France en Algérie Ambassade de France en Guinée et en Sierra Leone Ambassade de l’Etat de Palestine au Sénégal Ambassade de la Republique du Rwanda en France Ambassade des Etats-Unis au Senegal Ambassade des Etats-Unis d'Amérique au Maroc Ambassade du Canada République démocratique du Congo Ambassade du Japon au Burundi American Institutes for Research (AIR) Amnesty International AMPION.org Angola Cables Antoine Glaser APO Appolonia - City of Light Argus Media Aurecon Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australian Embassy (Union of Comoros & Madagascar) Australian Embassy in Zimbabwe Australian High Commission - Nigeria Australian High Commission in Ghana Australian High Commission in Kenya Australian High Commission in Pretoria, South Africa AviaDev Africa Avon Peaking Power Pty Ltd Bamba Group Bamboo Finance Basic Lead LLC Bayport Management Ltd Bench Events Best Western Hotels & Resorts Better Than Cash BIA Overseas s.a. Bidco Africa Black First Land First Black Opinion BON Cloud Bourse Régionale des Valeurs Mobilières (BRVM) Brand South Africa British Embassy Addis Ababa British Embassy Antananarivo British Embassy Banjul British Embassy Cairo British Embassy Conakry British Embassy Dakar British Embassy Harare British Embassy in Tunis British Embassy Juba British Embassy Khartoum British Embassy Kinshasa British Embassy Luanda British Embassy Mogadishu British Embassy Rabat British High Commission - Lilongwe British High Commission - Lusaka British High Commission - Maputo British High Commission - Yaounde British High Commission Abuja British High Commission Accra British High Commission Dar es Salaam British High Commission Freetown British High Commission Gaborone British High Commission in Seychelles British High Commission Kampala British High Commission Nairobi British High Commission Port Louis British High Commission Pretoria British High Commission Windhoek Bugala Farmers Association Business Journal Cambridge International Examinations Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group CaseWare Africa Caterpillar Inc. CDNetworks Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (CDC) Centre d'Information des Nations Unies (CINU) Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso Centre d’Information des Nations Unies de Ouagadougou Centurion Law Group Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. Cherie Blair Foundation for Women CISCO Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR) Climate Investment Funds Code Blue campaign Commission de l'océan Indien (COI) Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) Commonwealth Secretariat Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) Commune de Meckhé (Sénégal) Control Risks Group Holdings Ltd Council of the European Union CWC Group Limited CyberXchange Dangote Group DEAL 2016 (Dubai Entertainment Amusement and Leisure) Delegação da União Europeia em Angola Delegação da União Europeia na Guiné-Bissau Délégation de l'Union européenne au Burkina Faso Délégation de l'Union européenne au Togo Délégation de l'Union européenne en Tunisie Delegation of the European Union to the Republic of Mauritius Delegation of the European Union to Ghana Delegation of the European Union to Guinea Delegation of the European Union to Liberia Delegation of the European Union to Mozambique Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Delegation of the European Union to Sudan Department for International Development (DFID) Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Ireland Department of Foreign Affairs Canada Derou & Partners Deutsche Post DHL DFID Malawi Discovery Communications, LLC DMWA Resources Dr Walter Mzembi Dubai Chamber of Commerce & Industry ECAir (Equatorial Congo Airlines) Ecobank Egyptian Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (MCIT) Eko Atlantic Embassy of Cuba in South Africa Embassy of Finland in Nairobi Embassy of France in Nigeria Embassy of France to Ghana Embassy of Japan in Kenya Embassy of Japan in Somalia Embassy of Japan in South Sudan Embassy of Japan to the Republic of Seychelles Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Tanzania Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany Kampala Embassy of the Republic of Sierra Leone in the Republic of Korea Embassy of the Republic of the Sudan - Washington DC Embassy of the Russian Federation in Nigeria Embassy of the United States - Accra - Ghana Embassy of the United States of America in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire EMRC Endeavour Mining Corporation Energy and Environment Partnership Programme with Southern and East Africa (EEP S&EA) EnergyNet Ltd. ENGIE EQS Group Etisalat Etix Group EU Delegation to Kenya EU Delegation to Rwanda EU Delegation to Somalia EUNAVFOR Atalanta European Commission European Council European Court of Auditors (ECA) European External Action Service (EEAS) European Investment Bank (EIB) European Law Students’ Association (ELSA) European Parliament European Union European Union Delegation to the African Union Export Development Canada EXX AFRICA EY Facebook Federal Department of Foreign Affairs Switzerland Federal Ministry Republic of Austria Federal Republic of Somalia - Office of the President Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) FedEx Corp. Financial Nigeria International Limited flydubai Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Fortinet Forum de Bamako Freedom House French Embassy in Kenya French Embassy in Kenya and Somalia Frost & Sullivan Garmin Southern Africa GBS Africa GE Gemalto GeoPoll German Embassy in Dar es Salaam German Embassy Khartoum German Embassy Nairobi Germany - Federal Foreign Office Global Pacific & Partners Global Witness Globeleq Greenpeace Hilton Worldwide Hip Africa Hitachi Data Systems Hotelnownow Human Factors International (HFI) Human Rights Watch (HRW) Human RightWorking Group (HRWG) on Somalia Humpherys Elkington Ltd HWB ICS Financial Systems (ICSFS) IEC (International Electrotechnical Commission) IGN France International Imani Informa Telecoms & Media Ingenico Group Initiative for Global Development (IGD) Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Interactive Intelligence, Inc. International Air Transport Association (IATA) International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation (IBFD) International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD) International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) International Conference on the Great Lakes Region International Criminal Court (ICC) International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid-Tropics (ICRISAT) International Data Corporation (IDC) International Diamond Conference 2015 International Enterprise (IE) Singapore International Expo-Consults (IEC) International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) International Forum on Islamic Finance (IFIF) International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) International Indigenous Working Group on HIV & AIDS (IIWGHA) International Monetary Fund (IMF) International Office of Migration (IOM) International Raelian Movement (IRM) International Road Transport Organisation (IRU) Internet Society (ISOC) INTERPOL INTL FCStone Inc. Intracom Telecom Invest in Data Center Africa Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) Islamic Development Bank Group (IDB Group) JLL JMG Limited Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE) Jumia Jwebi Kalangala Oil Palm Growers Association (KOPGA) Kariuki Communication Kaspersky Ken Research Kingdom of Belgium - Foreign Affairs, Foreign Trade and Development Cooperation Kirusa Knight Frank LLP Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences (KFAS) KWESÉ L'Oréal Group Light Reading LittleBigSouls International Charitable Foundation Louis Berger Mahindra Comviva MainOne Mainstream Renewable Power Marché Financier de l'Afrique Centrale (COSUMAF) Marriott International, Inc. McKinsey & Company Médecins sans frontières (MSF) Media Institute of Southern Africa (MISA) Medic West Africa Mercer LLC Merck Michelin Mining Indaba Ministère de la Santé de la République gabonaise Ministère des Affaires Etrangères de la République Française Ministère des Postes, des Télécommunications et des Nouvelles Technologies de Madagascar (MPTNT) Ministère du Tourisme, des Transports et de la Météorologie de Madagascar Ministry Human Settlements - Republic of South Africa Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom Ministry of Energy, Republic of Sierra Leone Ministry of External Affairs - Government of India Ministry of Finance - Government of Ghana Ministry of Finance, Republic of Angola Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Singapore Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Investment Promotion - Federal Republic of Somalia Ministry of Foreign Affairs Norway Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Brazil Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Cuba Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Japan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Hellenic Republic Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Seychelles Ministry of Mines, Industry and Energy Equatorial Guinea Mission de l'Organisation des Nations unies en République démocratique du Congo (MONUSCO) MOAB Power Mobile Accord Monarch&Co International MoneyGram International, Inc. Mozilla MSD Mundipharma Pte Ltd National Institutes of Health (NIH) Netherlands Embassy in Accra - Ghana New African Magazine New Partnership for Africa’s Development (NEPAD) New Zealand Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade Next Einstein Forum (NEF) Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) Nigerian Young Professionals Forum (NYPF) Nollywood Week Paris Film Festival Norwegian Refugee Council Novartis International AG Oakbay Investments Ltd Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) Office of the Humanitarian Coordination in Central African Republic - United Nations Office of the Special Envoy of the United Nations Secretary-General for the Great Lakes region (OSESG-GL) Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Sexual Violence in Conflict Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) Office of the UN Resident Coordinator - Uganda Ogilvy & Mather Namibia On Time International One Acre Fund ONE.org Opera Software ASA Opération des Nations Unies en Côte d’Ivoire (ONUCI) Oracle Orange Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Ozaremit Pan African Federation of Filmmakers (FEPACI) Pan-African reinsurance Journalism Awards Panalpina World Transport Ltd. Paramount Group Parliamentary Assembly of the Mediterranean Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) Partnerships for Forests Permanent Mission of the Republic of Zambia to the United Nations Philip Morris International (PMI) Planet Earth Institute PM Pumpmakers GmbH Praekelt Foundation Présidence de la République de Madagascar Présidence de la République française Présidence de la République Gabonaise President of Russia PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) Prime Minister's Office, 10 Downing Street Printronix Inc. Privinvest Prognari Public Relations Society of Kenya (PRSK) Quantum Global Group Questra World RB (Reckitt Benckiser) Reach for Change Republic of South Africa: Department of Government Communication and Information Republic of South Africa: Department of Health Republic of South Africa: Department of International Relations and Cooperation Republic of South Africa: The Parliament Republic of South Africa: The Presidency Ringier AG Roche Pharmaceuticals Limited Root Capital Rotary Royal Norwegian Embassy in Addis Ababa Royal Norwegian Embassy in Kampala Royal Norwegian Ministry of Foreign Affairs Royal Philips Rwanda Development Board (RDB) Sage Sage HR & Payroll Said Business School - University of Oxford Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Sanofi Pasteur Save the Children Scatec Solar Secrétaire d’Etat chargé du Développement et de la Francophonie ShowMax Sierra Leone Ministry of Finance and Economic Development SimbaPay SITA Smile Telecoms Holdings Ltd South African Embassy to the Federal Republic of Germany SSP Standard Bank Standard Chartered Stanford Graduate School of Business Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. State House Uganda Sustainable Energy for All SWIFT Tagattitude Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited Tana High-Level Forum on Security in Africa Tanzania International Forum For Investments Tanzania Investment Forum 2016 Techne Summit Tegeta Terrace Africa Terrapinn The Africa Property Investment (API) Summit The African Risk Capacity Insurance Company Limited (ARC Ltd) The African Wildlife Foundation (AWF) The Bidco Truth Coalition The Bosch Group The Consulate General of the Federal Republic of Germany in Lagos The Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) The Department of Energy, South Africa The Department of Trade and Industry, South Africa The Development Bank of Southern Africa (DBSA) The Economist Events The Economist Newspaper Limited The Embassy of the Federal Republic of Germany - Windhoek The Emirates Group The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China The Guardian The Gupta family The Mauritius Commercial Bank Ltd (MCB) The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation The Naked Convos The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) The White House ThinkSearch Africa Thomson Reuters Tigo TMT Finance Tobacco Association of Malawi (TAMA) Transparency Forum Initiative (TFI) Transparency International U.S Embassy Nairobi, Kenya U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) U.S. Department of State U.S. Embassy - Cairo U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa, Ethiopia U.S. Embassy Cotonou - Benin U.S. Embassy in Juba U.S. Embassy Kinshasa U.S. Embassy Pretoria, South Africa U.S. Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) Uber UK Export Finance UK Science & Innovation Network in South Africa UK Trade & Investment UK Trade & Investment Tanzania UN Information Centre in Cairo UN Information Centre in Pretoria (UNIC) UN Women União Europeia Delegação na República de Cabo Verde UNICEF Dakar UNICEF Sierra Leone UNICEF Uganda United Kingdom Foreign and Commonwealth Office United Kingdom Telecommunications Academy (UKTA) United Nations - Office of the Resident Coordinator Cameroon United Nations - Office of the Spokesperson for the Secretary-General United Nations - Security Council United Nations (UN) United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia (UNSOM) United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) United Nations Economic Commission for Africa ( UNECA ) United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) United Nations Information Center in Nairobi United Nations Information Centre (UNIC) in Lagos United Nations Information Service Vienna (UNIS) United Nations Mine Action Service (UNMAS) United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG) United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) United Nations Office for West Africa and the Sahel (UNOWAS) United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe UNRIC United Nations Resident Coordinator’s Office in Tanzania United States Diplomatic Mission to Nigeria United States Embassy in Angola United States Embassy in Senegal United States Mission to Somalia United States Navy Université Internationale de Casablanca Vallourec Vantage Capital Group Vatican information Service (VIS) Verde Hotels Viber Viettel ViiV Healthcare Visa Inc. Vox Africa Webfluential West African International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (WAIPEC) West African Property Summit (WAPI) Western Union Holdings, Inc. WorkinAfrica.com World Council of Churches (WCC) World Food Programme (WFP) World Future Council World Health Organization (WHO) World Health Organization (WHO) - Ethiopia World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) World Panel Inc. World Telecom Labs (WTL) World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) World Trade Organization (WTO) World Wildlife Fund (WWF) WorldRemit Wound Care Africa WrB Africa Zambia High Commission in the United Kingdom ZamReal ZCCM Investments Holdings Plc Press release Multimedia content Submit Filter by: All Video Images Documents The contents of this website are copyright-free and can be republished freely without authorisation. Sign up for free to manage your favourite content on your own user page. Announcements Morocco eliminates trachoma – the leading infectious cause of blindness  - Source: World Health Organization (WHO) President Zuma assures the Communities Affected by Floods that all Three Spheres of Government will work together to provide Support and Assistance  - Source: Republic of South Africa: The Presidency UNCTAD and UN Women team up to train on Trade and Gender Equality  - Source: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) Repression and genocidal dynamics in Burundi  - Source: International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) UK reinforces strong historic ties to Malawi  - Source: Department for International Development (DFID) Go Back Multimedia content Videos (3) Watch medical students at the Dubai Medical University as they share their ideas on how to improve diabetes awareness in United Arab Emirates to apply for Merck Diabetes Award Watch testimonies of Medical Students from India on the benefits of Merck Capacity Advancement Program Watch testimonies of students from the University of Nairobi, Kenya on the benefits of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program Images (10) Sana Laraib Daud and Zoubia Fathima from United Arab Emirates receive their awards from Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare Merck Capacity Advancement Program’s European Accredited Clinical and Hypertension Program session at the University of Nairobi, Kenya Merck Capacity Advancement Program’s European Accredited Clinical and Hypertension Program session at the University of Indonesia Merck Capacity Advancement Program’s European Accredited Clinical and Hypertension Program session at the Maharashtra University, India Merck goes to the heart of Africa to mark World Diabetes Day #MerckWDD2016 (1) Merck goes to the heart of Africa to mark World Diabetes Day #MerckWDD2016 (2) Merck goes to the heart of Africa to mark World Diabetes Day #MerckWDD2016 Rasha Kelej listening to diabetes patient in Indonesia Dr Kai Beckmann, Executive Board Member Merck, Hon Sara Opendi, Minister of Health Uganda and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Ofiicer Ugandan community queing to benifit from The free diabetes screening and the Cancer educatiin at Merck Campaign Links (5) Merck Merck Capacity Advancement Pro... Merck Capacity Advancement Pro... Merck Capacity Advancement Pro... Merck Capacity Advancement Pro... All (18) Source: Merck | Nov 14, 2016 Merck marks World Diabetes Day (WDD) with the announcement of their Diabetes Award 2016 Winners #MerckWDD2016 The winner from each university has been granted a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma in South Wales University, United Kingdom Print Share Favourite Copy text Get source logo VIDEO Watch medical students at the Dubai Medical University as they share their ideas on how to improve diabetes awareness in United Arab Emirates to apply for Merck Diabetes Award Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/4115/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> VIDEO Watch testimonies of Medical Students from India on the benefits of Merck Capacity Advancement Program Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/4116/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> VIDEO Watch testimonies of students from the University of Nairobi, Kenya on the benefits of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program Share Copy Embed <iframe width="560" height="315" src="http://www.africa-newsroom.com/press/embed_video/4117/e" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe> Merck plays an important role in building Diabetes Care capacity in partnership with African and Asian Universities ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia, November 14, 2016/APO/ -- Merck kicks off their social media campaign to raise awareness about diabetes early detection and prevention as part of Merck Capacity Advancement Program- CAP Merck Diabetes Award aims to build diabetes experts platform in partnership with African and Asian universities Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announced the winners of the Merck Diabetes Award “Every Day is a Diabetes Day” to mark the World Diabetes Day- WDD themed ‘Eyes on Diabetes’. Merck Diabetes Award as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program (www.Merck-CAP.com) was launched in April 2016 in partnership with African and Asian universities with the aim of building a platform of diabetes experts across the globe. “Merck plays an important role in building Diabetes Care capacity in partnership with African and Asian Universities. Today marks an important day in the fight against Diabetes as we celebrate World Diabetes Day. In this context, we have announced ten Diabetes Award Winners from Africa and Asia” says Belen Garijo, Member of Merck's Executive Board and CEO Merck Healthcare. “This initiative fully illustrates our commitment to improving access to affordable Healthcare in Africa and other developing countries” Garijo added. The scientific committee received over 500 concept submission applications from universities in Africa and Asia and 10 winners were selected for the award. The winner from each university has been granted a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma in South Wales University, United Kingdom. “Merck Diabetes Award marks another step in our long term commitment to support diabetes care strategies in developing countries through working with local governments, academia and relevant stakeholders in building healthcare capacity with a focus on Diabetes, hypertension and other non-communicable diseases in various countries in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America” said Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare when making the announcement of the winners. Merck invited all medical students to apply for the “Merck Diabetes Award” 2016 with the theme “Every Day is a Diabetes Day”. Students across African and Asian medical universities were asked to submit a concept paper on how to improve diabetes early detection and prevention in their countries and how to encourage their society, scientific community, local authorities, media and relevant stakeholders to think and act on diabetes every day. “Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ with more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it,” said Dominic Oduro-Donkor, from Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana and a Merck Diabetes Award winner. “The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this growing epidemic of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth knowledge about every aspect of this disease,” emphasized one of the winners Antara Bagchi, a student at the Indira Gandhi Medical College, India. Ahmed Reja, the President of International Diabetes Federation, Africa and President of Ethiopia Diabetes Association emphasized: “We are very happy to partner with Merck to drive their strategy to build diabetes capacity and roll out the Merck Diabetes Award across the continent. The awards encourage the students to be more innovative and take a leadership position to fight diabetes in their own country.” In addition, as part of its recognition of the World Diabetes Day, the Merck Capacity Advancement Program also launched its European Accredited Clinical Diabetes and Hypertension management 2016 tour across Africa and Asia. The program supports focused training to build diabetes healthcare capacity for medical undergraduates, postgraduates and healthcare providers in partnership with universities across the two continents. More than 5000 medical undergraduates have benefited from the fourth edition of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program which covered eight African countries and is in partnership with Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia; University of Nairobi, Kenya; Makerere University, Uganda; Muhimbili University, Tanzania; University of Ghana; University of Namibia; Eduardo Mondelane University in Mozambique and Agostinho Neto University, Angola. In Asia the tours are being conducted with Maharashtra University, India and University of Indonesia. #MerckDiabetesTips In addition to building capacity among healthcare professionals to provide quality diabetes care, Merck runs a social media campaign providing diabetes patient education through videos and information materials in English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and many local languages focusing on diabetes early symptoms and complications to raise awareness on diabetes and the importance of early detection and prevention among communities. To Know More about Merck Diabetes Award: Read below Meet the winners of Merck Diabetes Award 2016 from African and Asian universities: Elisha Kipkemoi Ngetich College of Health Sciences, University of Nairobi, Kenya “I am ecstatic at winning the Merck Diabetes Award 2016. I thank Merck for providing this wonderful platform where students can further their studies in non-communicable diseases. With the current surge in the prevalence of diabetes in Kenya and other developing countries, the timing of this award could not have been better. Over the years, I have developed an interest in diabetes because I have seen patients in the different stages of this disease. I have also seen the impact that early recognition and management of this disease can have and I am privileged to broaden my understanding of the disease through this postgraduate diploma course. This will also build me academically and professionally as well. This is the kind of initiative that Kenya and Africa at large needs, an initiative to empower young doctors and other healthcare professionals. This information then trickles down to the patients and ultimately we end up with a healthy Kenya and Africa. I am convinced that the knowledge I will gather during this experience will significantly impact on my practice in the near future and hence a better outcome for our diabetic patients.” Ralph Obure College of Health Sciences, University of Nairobi, Kenya “The Kenyan healthcare system faces new challenges in diabetes and other non-communicable diseases and so efforts by Merck to increase capacity are timely and highly welcome. I am honoured to receive the Merck Diabetes Award that will advance my medical career and enable me to provide the much needed expertise in diabetes management in Kenya.” Antara Bagchi Indira Gandhi Government Medical College, Nagpur, India “Merck is providing an opportunity for the care and control of diabetes in the community especially in Asia and Africa, where non-communicable diseases are becoming increasingly prevalent. The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this rampant and growing epidemic of NCDs like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students like us, and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth, holistic knowledge about every aspect of this disease. I am sure that this initiative will have a profound impact on the health scenario, and the incidence and morbidity of NCDs will be lowered significantly.”   Samuel Mucheru Aga Khan University, Kenya “This award is important to me because it marks the start of a future career in diabetes management which I am very passionate about. It will help build diabetes expertise in my country, which is badly needed due to the exponential increase in diabetes cases within the population. Moreover, it will help achieve the wider goal of building capacity in diabetes management especially in the low and middle income countries whose non-communicable disease burden is on an upward trend without a commensurate increase in the number of experts to deal with this pandemic.” Tinka George Makerere University College of Health Sciences, Uganda “I am grateful and happy that Merck has provided us with this great opportunity to advance our knowledge in diabetes. This opportunity of increasing the number of diabetes specialists will step up efforts in the fight against this 'silent killer', especially here in Africa where the burden of the disease is skyrocketing day and night. This will help save many lives.” Gloria Ani-asamoah Accra, Ghana “It is a privilege to acquire current knowledge in the management of diabetes. It is my hope that at the end of this course l will be a better advocate in diabetes prevention and offer comprehensive diabetes care. The time is now to curb the menace of disease.” Nujood Al Shirawi Intern, Dubai Health Authority, United Arab Emirates “Diabetes is a lifelong illness which affects the lives of more than 14% adults in UAE. With such a high percentage, everybody in the UAE knows individuals battling diabetes. I am grateful to Merck and Dubai Medical College for enabling the young doctors in the region to participate in such a program where a platform has been created for exchange of knowledge between national and international experts. I am looking forward to the diabetes diploma and believe it will add to my existing knowledge and help develop my understanding of this illness which affects nearly every organ in the body. It was a wonderful experience to be part of this award and I would encourage all my colleagues to participate in any future events.” Najmah Kuddah General Practitioner, University of Indonesia, Indonesia “Indonesia is the fifth largest population with diabetes, yet 73.7% is undiagnosed because of lack of awareness. One of them could be someone we love. This award means everything to me, so I can do something for my family, people and my country”. Dominic Oduro-Donkor Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana “In Ghana many people do not have access to healthcare services in order to identify, diagnose and treat diabetes and its complications. It is essential to achieve adequate diabetes care as the number of people living with the condition continues to escalate. There is also a need to commit resources to diabetes education across Ghana and the African continent at large. Until this happens large numbers of people will end up experiencing potentially preventable diabetes-related complications such as blindness, kidney failure and amputation. The reason why this award is important to me is because Merck has given me an opportunity to take my trade outside the consulting room and making it possible for me to help more people, to make my voice louder and to help those who can’t help themselves. Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ who will have more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it. Together, our voices will resonate the need for change and improved management strategies, which will change the face of diabetes care in Africa. The mobilization of professionals across the continent of Africa is the first step in forming a platform where ideas can be put across and shared to make diabetic care easily accessible.”   Ken Munene Nkonge University of Nairobi, Kenya “Similar to other countries in Africa, majority of people living with diabetes in Kenya are diagnosed late, when the options available for preventing complications of the disease are few and suboptimal. I strongly believe that community-based preventative measures alongside early diagnosis and management of prediabetes and related comorbidities such as obesity and hypertension are essential to reducing the burden of type 2 diabetes on Kenya’s health care system. The Merck Diabetes Award is important to me because it will empower me with the knowledge and skills needed to make this belief a reality across Kenya. As the recipient of this award, I look forward to this amazing opportunity.” Watch the below videos of diabetes patients from India, Indonesia and Africa sharing their experience with diabetes Watch Bhupendra Jaiswal, a diabetes patient in India as he talks about his experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON5q7i9pDlk Watch Suresh Varpe, a diabetes patient in India as he talks about his experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON5q7i9pDlk Watch Ibu Omik, an Indonesian diabetes patient as she shares her experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKSuclTCLcM      Watch Tego Wagimin, an Indonesian diabetes patient as he talks about his experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eBmGHfYnyI    Watch the experience of Zena Ali, a woman living with diabetes in Kibera, Kenya: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sucYtW5BVc Watch the below Diabetes Patient Awareness Videos #MerckDiabetesTips symptoms and complication in English, French, Portuguese, and local languages Watch Merck Africa-diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in English: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeTip7eI30A   Merck Capacity Advancement Program-diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in French: https://youtu.be/ecgC-xlZn90 Merck Capacity Advancement Program-diabetes detection & prevention patient education tips in Portuguese: https://youtu.be/nAyvXTTQIx0 Watch Merck India diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Hindi: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRDELKUjpac Watch Merck India diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Marathi: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4H7Z__LYlE Watch Merck Indonesia diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Bahasa: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3pC-64h-Xo Watch Merck Africa diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Kiswahili: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isi5ThqhNt8 Watch medical students’ testimonies about Merck Capacity Advancement Program and Merck Diabetes Award from United Arab Emirates, India and Africa Watch medical students at the Dubai Medical University as they share their ideas on how to improve diabetes awareness in United Arab Emirates to apply for Merck Diabetes Award: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFRcSEC6fRU Watch testimonies of Medical Students from India on the benefits of Merck Capacity Advancement Program: https://youtu.be/SvIF_JetKO4   Watch testimonies of students from the University of Nairobi, Kenya on the benefits of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program: http://youtu.be/JZVJwmtr7ng  Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Sana Laraib Daud and Zoubia Fathima from United Arab Emirates receive their awards from Belen Garijo, CEO, Merck Healthcare Download Share Merck Capacity Advancement Program’s European Accredited Clinical and Hypertension Program session at the University of Nairobi, Kenya Download Share Merck Capacity Advancement Program’s European Accredited Clinical and Hypertension Program session at the University of Indonesia Download Share Merck Capacity Advancement Program’s European Accredited Clinical and Hypertension Program session at the Maharashtra University, India Download Share Merck goes to the heart of Africa to mark World Diabetes Day #MerckWDD2016 (1) Download Share Merck goes to the heart of Africa to mark World Diabetes Day #MerckWDD2016 (2) Download Share Merck goes to the heart of Africa to mark World Diabetes Day #MerckWDD2016 Download Share Rasha Kelej listening to diabetes patient in Indonesia Download Share Dr Kai Beckmann, Executive Board Member Merck, Hon Sara Opendi, Minister of Health Uganda and Dr. Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Ofiicer Download Share Ugandan community queing to benifit from The free diabetes screening and the Cancer educatiin at Merck Campaign Download Share Media Contact: Grace Mukasa       Tel: +254 711 794 081 Email: Grace.Mukasa@MerckGroup.com More about Merck Capacity Advancement Program on Social Media:  Twitter: using the hadle @MerckCAP (https://twitter.com/MerckCAP) or the hastag #MerckDiabetesTips (http://APO.af/FGt9Dw) Facebook: Merck Capacity Advancement Program (http://APO.af/ORmAsE) YouTube: Merck Capacity Advancement Program (http://APO.af/sQP5jU) About the Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP): Merck CAP is a 5-year program aiming to expand the professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. As part of the CAP, more than 17,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda in addition to Asian universities such as Maharashtra University, India and University of Indonesia have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018.  Please go to www.Merck-CAP.com  and www.Merck-Africa.com for more information.  About Merck: Merck (MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. More photos from Merck Diabetes Award 2016 are available here: www.APO-mail.org/161114Merck All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.Merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Africa Angola Awards Business Education Ethiopia Events/Media Advisory France Ghana Health India Kenya Middle East Mozambique Namibia Portugal Spain Tanzania Uganda United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Merck marks World Diabetes Day (WDD) with the announcement of their Diabetes Award 2016 Winners #MerckWDD2016 The winner from each university has been granted a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma in South Wales University, United Kingdom ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia, November 14, 2016/APO/ -- Merck kicks off their social media campaign to raise awareness about diabetes early detection and prevention as part of Merck Capacity Advancement Program- CAP Merck Diabetes Award aims to build diabetes experts platform in partnership with African and Asian universities Merck (www.MerckGroup.com), a leading science and technology company, today announced the winners of the Merck Diabetes Award “Every Day is a Diabetes Day” to mark the World Diabetes Day- WDD themed ‘Eyes on Diabetes’. Merck Diabetes Award as part of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program (www.Merck-CAP.com) was launched in April 2016 in partnership with African and Asian universities with the aim of building a platform of diabetes experts across the globe. “Merck plays an important role in building Diabetes Care capacity in partnership with African and Asian Universities. Today marks an important day in the fight against Diabetes as we celebrate World Diabetes Day. In this context, we have announced ten Diabetes Award Winners from Africa and Asia” says Belen Garijo, Member of Merck's Executive Board and CEO Merck Healthcare. “This initiative fully illustrates our commitment to improving access to affordable Healthcare in Africa and other developing countries” Garijo added. The scientific committee received over 500 concept submission applications from universities in Africa and Asia and 10 winners were selected for the award. The winner from each university has been granted a one year postgraduate diabetes diploma in South Wales University, United Kingdom. “Merck Diabetes Award marks another step in our long term commitment to support diabetes care strategies in developing countries through working with local governments, academia and relevant stakeholders in building healthcare capacity with a focus on Diabetes, hypertension and other non-communicable diseases in various countries in Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa and Latin America” said Rasha Kelej, Chief Social Officer, Merck Healthcare when making the announcement of the winners. Merck invited all medical students to apply for the “Merck Diabetes Award” 2016 with the theme “Every Day is a Diabetes Day”. Students across African and Asian medical universities were asked to submit a concept paper on how to improve diabetes early detection and prevention in their countries and how to encourage their society, scientific community, local authorities, media and relevant stakeholders to think and act on diabetes every day. “Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ with more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it,” said Dominic Oduro-Donkor, from Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana and a Merck Diabetes Award winner. “The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this growing epidemic of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth knowledge about every aspect of this disease,” emphasized one of the winners Antara Bagchi, a student at the Indira Gandhi Medical College, India. Ahmed Reja, the President of International Diabetes Federation, Africa and President of Ethiopia Diabetes Association emphasized: “We are very happy to partner with Merck to drive their strategy to build diabetes capacity and roll out the Merck Diabetes Award across the continent. The awards encourage the students to be more innovative and take a leadership position to fight diabetes in their own country.” In addition, as part of its recognition of the World Diabetes Day, the Merck Capacity Advancement Program also launched its European Accredited Clinical Diabetes and Hypertension management 2016 tour across Africa and Asia. The program supports focused training to build diabetes healthcare capacity for medical undergraduates, postgraduates and healthcare providers in partnership with universities across the two continents. More than 5000 medical undergraduates have benefited from the fourth edition of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program which covered eight African countries and is in partnership with Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia; University of Nairobi, Kenya; Makerere University, Uganda; Muhimbili University, Tanzania; University of Ghana; University of Namibia; Eduardo Mondelane University in Mozambique and Agostinho Neto University, Angola. In Asia the tours are being conducted with Maharashtra University, India and University of Indonesia. #MerckDiabetesTips In addition to building capacity among healthcare professionals to provide quality diabetes care, Merck runs a social media campaign providing diabetes patient education through videos and information materials in English, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and many local languages focusing on diabetes early symptoms and complications to raise awareness on diabetes and the importance of early detection and prevention among communities. To Know More about Merck Diabetes Award: Read below Meet the winners of Merck Diabetes Award 2016 from African and Asian universities: Elisha Kipkemoi Ngetich College of Health Sciences, University of Nairobi, Kenya “I am ecstatic at winning the Merck Diabetes Award 2016. I thank Merck for providing this wonderful platform where students can further their studies in non-communicable diseases. With the current surge in the prevalence of diabetes in Kenya and other developing countries, the timing of this award could not have been better. Over the years, I have developed an interest in diabetes because I have seen patients in the different stages of this disease. I have also seen the impact that early recognition and management of this disease can have and I am privileged to broaden my understanding of the disease through this postgraduate diploma course. This will also build me academically and professionally as well. This is the kind of initiative that Kenya and Africa at large needs, an initiative to empower young doctors and other healthcare professionals. This information then trickles down to the patients and ultimately we end up with a healthy Kenya and Africa. I am convinced that the knowledge I will gather during this experience will significantly impact on my practice in the near future and hence a better outcome for our diabetic patients.” Ralph Obure College of Health Sciences, University of Nairobi, Kenya “The Kenyan healthcare system faces new challenges in diabetes and other non-communicable diseases and so efforts by Merck to increase capacity are timely and highly welcome. I am honoured to receive the Merck Diabetes Award that will advance my medical career and enable me to provide the much needed expertise in diabetes management in Kenya.” Antara Bagchi Indira Gandhi Government Medical College, Nagpur, India “Merck is providing an opportunity for the care and control of diabetes in the community especially in Asia and Africa, where non-communicable diseases are becoming increasingly prevalent. The Merck Capacity Advancement Programme is a ground-breaking initiative to control this rampant and growing epidemic of NCDs like diabetes, by motivating and sensitising undergraduate students like us, and giving them a chance to gain an in-depth, holistic knowledge about every aspect of this disease. I am sure that this initiative will have a profound impact on the health scenario, and the incidence and morbidity of NCDs will be lowered significantly.”   Samuel Mucheru Aga Khan University, Kenya “This award is important to me because it marks the start of a future career in diabetes management which I am very passionate about. It will help build diabetes expertise in my country, which is badly needed due to the exponential increase in diabetes cases within the population. Moreover, it will help achieve the wider goal of building capacity in diabetes management especially in the low and middle income countries whose non-communicable disease burden is on an upward trend without a commensurate increase in the number of experts to deal with this pandemic.” Tinka George Makerere University College of Health Sciences, Uganda “I am grateful and happy that Merck has provided us with this great opportunity to advance our knowledge in diabetes. This opportunity of increasing the number of diabetes specialists will step up efforts in the fight against this 'silent killer', especially here in Africa where the burden of the disease is skyrocketing day and night. This will help save many lives.” Gloria Ani-asamoah Accra, Ghana “It is a privilege to acquire current knowledge in the management of diabetes. It is my hope that at the end of this course l will be a better advocate in diabetes prevention and offer comprehensive diabetes care. The time is now to curb the menace of disease.” Nujood Al Shirawi Intern, Dubai Health Authority, United Arab Emirates “Diabetes is a lifelong illness which affects the lives of more than 14% adults in UAE. With such a high percentage, everybody in the UAE knows individuals battling diabetes. I am grateful to Merck and Dubai Medical College for enabling the young doctors in the region to participate in such a program where a platform has been created for exchange of knowledge between national and international experts. I am looking forward to the diabetes diploma and believe it will add to my existing knowledge and help develop my understanding of this illness which affects nearly every organ in the body. It was a wonderful experience to be part of this award and I would encourage all my colleagues to participate in any future events.” Najmah Kuddah General Practitioner, University of Indonesia, Indonesia “Indonesia is the fifth largest population with diabetes, yet 73.7% is undiagnosed because of lack of awareness. One of them could be someone we love. This award means everything to me, so I can do something for my family, people and my country”. Dominic Oduro-Donkor Cape Coast Teaching Hospital, Ghana “In Ghana many people do not have access to healthcare services in order to identify, diagnose and treat diabetes and its complications. It is essential to achieve adequate diabetes care as the number of people living with the condition continues to escalate. There is also a need to commit resources to diabetes education across Ghana and the African continent at large. Until this happens large numbers of people will end up experiencing potentially preventable diabetes-related complications such as blindness, kidney failure and amputation. The reason why this award is important to me is because Merck has given me an opportunity to take my trade outside the consulting room and making it possible for me to help more people, to make my voice louder and to help those who can’t help themselves. Access to diabetic care in Africa will slowly grow with the initiation of this award, because it will create ‘diabetes scholars’ who will have more insight and knowledge on the best care needed for patients and how to facilitate it. Together, our voices will resonate the need for change and improved management strategies, which will change the face of diabetes care in Africa. The mobilization of professionals across the continent of Africa is the first step in forming a platform where ideas can be put across and shared to make diabetic care easily accessible.”   Ken Munene Nkonge University of Nairobi, Kenya “Similar to other countries in Africa, majority of people living with diabetes in Kenya are diagnosed late, when the options available for preventing complications of the disease are few and suboptimal. I strongly believe that community-based preventative measures alongside early diagnosis and management of prediabetes and related comorbidities such as obesity and hypertension are essential to reducing the burden of type 2 diabetes on Kenya’s health care system. The Merck Diabetes Award is important to me because it will empower me with the knowledge and skills needed to make this belief a reality across Kenya. As the recipient of this award, I look forward to this amazing opportunity.” Watch the below videos of diabetes patients from India, Indonesia and Africa sharing their experience with diabetes Watch Bhupendra Jaiswal, a diabetes patient in India as he talks about his experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON5q7i9pDlk Watch Suresh Varpe, a diabetes patient in India as he talks about his experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON5q7i9pDlk Watch Ibu Omik, an Indonesian diabetes patient as she shares her experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKSuclTCLcM      Watch Tego Wagimin, an Indonesian diabetes patient as he talks about his experience: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eBmGHfYnyI    Watch the experience of Zena Ali, a woman living with diabetes in Kibera, Kenya: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sucYtW5BVc Watch the below Diabetes Patient Awareness Videos #MerckDiabetesTips symptoms and complication in English, French, Portuguese, and local languages Watch Merck Africa-diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in English: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeTip7eI30A   Merck Capacity Advancement Program-diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in French: https://youtu.be/ecgC-xlZn90 Merck Capacity Advancement Program-diabetes detection & prevention patient education tips in Portuguese: https://youtu.be/nAyvXTTQIx0 Watch Merck India diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Hindi: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRDELKUjpac Watch Merck India diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Marathi: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4H7Z__LYlE Watch Merck Indonesia diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Bahasa: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3pC-64h-Xo Watch Merck Africa diabetes detection and prevention patient education tips in Kiswahili: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isi5ThqhNt8 Watch medical students’ testimonies about Merck Capacity Advancement Program and Merck Diabetes Award from United Arab Emirates, India and Africa Watch medical students at the Dubai Medical University as they share their ideas on how to improve diabetes awareness in United Arab Emirates to apply for Merck Diabetes Award: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFRcSEC6fRU Watch testimonies of Medical Students from India on the benefits of Merck Capacity Advancement Program: https://youtu.be/SvIF_JetKO4   Watch testimonies of students from the University of Nairobi, Kenya on the benefits of the Merck Capacity Advancement Program: http://youtu.be/JZVJwmtr7ng  Distributed by APO on behalf of Merck. Media Contact: Grace Mukasa       Tel: +254 711 794 081 Email: Grace.Mukasa@MerckGroup.com More about Merck Capacity Advancement Program on Social Media:  Twitter: using the hadle @MerckCAP (https://twitter.com/MerckCAP) or the hastag #MerckDiabetesTips (http://APO.af/FGt9Dw) Facebook: Merck Capacity Advancement Program (http://APO.af/ORmAsE) YouTube: Merck Capacity Advancement Program (http://APO.af/sQP5jU) About the Merck Capacity Advancement Program (CAP): Merck CAP is a 5-year program aiming to expand the professional capacity in developing countries in the areas of research and development, advocacy building, supply-chain integrity and efficiency, pharmacovigilance, medical education, and community awareness. It was established in 2012. As part of the CAP, more than 17,000 medical students from Angola, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania and Uganda in addition to Asian universities such as Maharashtra University, India and University of Indonesia have benefited from this program and we aim to reach 25,000 by 2018.  Please go to www.Merck-CAP.com  and www.Merck-Africa.com for more information.  About Merck: Merck (MerckGroup.com) is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. Merck, Darmstadt, Germany holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. More photos from Merck Diabetes Award 2016 are available here: www.APO-mail.org/161114Merck All Merck Press Releases are distributed by e-mail at the same time they become available on the Merck Website. Please go to www.Merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. Text copied to clipboard. ×Close Get freeAfrica-related contentOn your website, on your mobile, to your e-mail inbox... Twitter APO English Follow APO French Follow APO Arabic Follow APO Portuguese Follow RSS feeds Click to subscribe Recommended Source: World Health Organization (WHO) | Nov 15, 2016 Morocco eliminates trachoma – the leading infectious cause of blindness Transmitted through contact with eye and nose discharge of infected people, particularly young children, it affects populations in 42 countries, and is responsible for blindness or visual impairment in around 1.9 million people Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: The Presidency | Nov 15, 2016 President Zuma assures the Communities Affected by Floods that all Three Spheres of Government will work together to provide Support and Assistance The heavy flash floods occurred on Wednesday, 09 November 2016, and displaced scores of people mostly in the Gauteng provinces and killed at least eight people with one minor still missing Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) | Nov 15, 2016 UNCTAD and UN Women team up to train on Trade and Gender Equality The "Trade and Gender Equality" course is based on a broader 7-week UNCTAD training package on trade and gender, aimed at a more specialized audience of policy-makers, academics and civil society representatives Read more Share Favourite Print Source: International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) | Nov 15, 2016 Repression and genocidal dynamics in Burundi Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Department for International Development (DFID) | Nov 15, 2016 UK reinforces strong historic ties to Malawi International Development Minister James Wharton has completed his first visit to Malawi to see how UK aid is supporting hundreds of thousands of people during a prolonged food crisis Read more Share Favourite Print Subscribe to newsfeed Recommended categories Africa Foreign Policy African Development Events/Media Advisory Business Nigeria United States of America Health Children Humanitarian Aid Most viewed Source: World Health Organization (WHO) | Nov 15, 2016 Morocco eliminates trachoma – the leading infectious cause of blindness Transmitted through contact with eye and nose discharge of infected people, particularly young children, it affects populations in 42 countries, and is responsible for blindness or visual impairment in around 1.9 million people Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Republic of South Africa: The Presidency | Nov 15, 2016 President Zuma assures the Communities Affected by Floods that all Three Spheres of Government will work together to provide Support and Assistance The heavy flash floods occurred on Wednesday, 09 November 2016, and displaced scores of people mostly in the Gauteng provinces and killed at least eight people with one minor still missing Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) | Nov 15, 2016 UNCTAD and UN Women team up to train on Trade and Gender Equality The "Trade and Gender Equality" course is based on a broader 7-week UNCTAD training package on trade and gender, aimed at a more specialized audience of policy-makers, academics and civil society representatives Read more Share Favourite Print Source: International Federation of Human Rights (FIDH) | Nov 15, 2016 Repression and genocidal dynamics in Burundi Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Department for International Development (DFID) | Nov 15, 2016 UK reinforces strong historic ties to Malawi International Development Minister James Wharton has completed his first visit to Malawi to see how UK aid is supporting hundreds of thousands of people during a prolonged food crisis Read more Share Favourite Print Most shared Source: British High Commission Accra | Nov 14, 2016 A statement by the UK on peaceful elections in Ghana British High Commission Accra's statement on peaceful elections in Ghana Read more Share Favourite Print Source: International Monetary Fund (IMF) | Nov 11, 2016 IMF Statement on Tunisia Read more Share Favourite Print Source: United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) | Nov 11, 2016 UNDP Launches New Publication on 'A New Vision for Weather and Climate Services in Africa' The report, “A New Vision for Weather and Climate Services in Africa,” highlights new technologies and new approaches that will enable sub-Saharan African countries to support the sustainability of investments in the weather and climate services sector Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Merck | Nov 10, 2016 UNESCO Merck Africa Research Summit - MARS 2016 to Empower Women in Research with the focus on Infectious Diseases and Women Health UNESCO – MARS 2016 will bring together more than 200 researchers from more than 35 African countries Read more Share Favourite Print Source: Fédération internationale de football association (FIFA) | Nov 09, 2016 Young girls in far regions in Djibouti benefit from FIFA grassroots program This is for the first time in Djiboutian football history that 200 girls including some as young as 7 years of age were brought together to teach them football under the FIFA grassroots program to encourage women’s involvement in the beautiful game Read more Share Favourite Print Privacy Policy Terms of service Sitemap Linkedin Facebook Google + It Pinterest Sync Video × Login OR Forgot your password?Don’t have an account? Sign up here Login
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases HTG Molecular Diagnostics Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results TUCSON, Ariz., Nov. 14, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc. (NASDAQ:HTGM), a provider of instruments and reagents for molecular profiling applications, today reported financial results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. Recent Accomplishments & Highlights: Entered into a master companion diagnostic agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany including an immediate development agreement utilizing the HTG EdgeSeq DLBCL Cell of Origin Assay for the Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany’s BTK program M7583. The initial development agreement for the BTK program is a multiyear development program. Upon the achievement of specified development milestones until the launch of the companion diagnostic for the BTK program M7583 — currently in early Phase I studies — HTG is eligible to receive up to an estimated $10 million in payments. DLBCL is the most common form of non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma representing 25-35% of new cases. The companion diagnostic master agreement also sets the stage for further development programs in the future. Completed the first phase of the HTG EdgeSeq ALKPlus Assay clinical trial and expect to file the third module of our Premarket Approval (PMA) application, including the intra lab reproducibility study results with FDA by year end. Entered into a distribution agreement for Italy with Gilson Italia SRL, further expanding our commercialization capabilities in Europe. HTG now has direct sales coverage in the UK, France, Germany, Switzerland, Belgium and the Nordic countries and has distribution partnerships in Spain, Portugal, Italy and Israel. HTG EdgeSeq technology generated data featured in a late-breaking oral presentation at the Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC 2016). HTG EdgeSeq Immuno-Oncology Assay (IO) data was presented to provide initial mechanistic-based gene expression assessment of tumor biopsies from patients and preliminary efficacy clinical data from Bristol-Myers Squibb’s double IO combination trial studying Lirilumab in combination with Nivolumab for treatment of advanced head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. “We are humbled that Merck has entered into a companion diagnostic agreement with HTG,” said TJ Johnson, HTG President and CEO. “This agreement is a significant step towards our goal of building a successful molecular diagnostics business. Our fourth quarter is off to a healthy start as we continue to make strides with Pharma, especially in Immuno-oncology. We are also encouraged by the performance of our HTG EdgeSeq ALKPlus Assay in the first phase of clinical trials.”  Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Financial Results: Total revenue was $0.9 million and $3.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, representing a 10% decrease over the third quarter of 2015 and a 30% increase over the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net loss from operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $6.1 million and $19.1 million, respectively, compared with $4.8 million and $13.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Net loss per share was $(0.92) and $(2.92) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with $(0.76) and $(4.56) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. HTG ended the third quarter with $16.6 million in total cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments. Conference Call and Webcast: HTG will host an investment community conference call today beginning at 4:30 p.m. ET. Individuals interested in listening to the conference call may do so by dialing (866) 394-4225 for domestic callers, or (678) 509-7535 for international callers (conference ID: 9555990), or from the webcast on the “Investors” section of the Company’s website at: http://www.htgmolecular.com. The webcast will be available on the Company’s website for 90 days following the completion of the call. About HTG: Headquartered in Tucson, Arizona, HTG’s mission is to empower precision medicine at the local level. In 2013 the company commercialized its HTG Edge instrument platform and a portfolio of RNA assays that leverage HTG’s proprietary nuclease protection chemistry. HTG’s product offerings have since expanded to include its HTG EdgeSeq product line, which automates sample and targeted library preparation for next-generation sequencing. Safe Harbor Statement: Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are not historical facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our Merck KGaA master and development program agreements, our ability to commercialize diagnostic products in Europe, our expected filings with the FDA and our planned clinical trials. Words such as “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “will,” “goal,” “potential” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements necessarily contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based upon management’s current expectations, are subject to known and unknown risks, and involve assumptions that may never materialize or may prove to be incorrect. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risk that we may not realize the benefits expected under our agreements, risks associated with our ability to successfully commercialize our products; performance by our collaborators and other third parties; our ability to manufacture our products to meet demand; the level and availability of first party payor reimbursement for our products; our ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and proprietary technologies; our ability to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights and proprietary technology of first parties; competition in our industry; additional capital and credit availability; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and product liability claims. These and other factors are described in greater detail in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. -Financial tables follow-     HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc.   Statements of Operations   (Unaudited)                                         Three Months Ended September 30,     Nine Months Ended September 30,       2016     2015     2016     2015   Revenue:                                 Product   $ 506,065     $ 973,956     $ 1,683,382     $ 2,349,740   Service     407,836       37,000       1,991,567       150,292   Other     —       —       —       325,789   Total revenue     913,901       1,010,956       3,674,949       2,825,821   Cost of revenue     1,125,009       809,015       2,901,455       2,538,590   Gross margin   (1 )   (211,108 )     201,941       773,494       287,231                                     Operating expenses:                                 Selling, general and administrative     3,937,600       3,717,402       13,343,945       10,883,161   Research and development     1,910,116       1,309,573       6,515,808       2,951,009   Total operating expenses     5,847,716       5,026,975       19,859,753       13,834,170   Operating loss     (6,058,824 )     (4,825,034 )     (19,086,259 )     (13,546,939 ) Loss from change in stock warrant valuation     —       —       —       (239,683 ) Interest expense, net     (464,629 )     (340,868 )     (1,329,404 )     (1,285,173 ) Loss on settlement of convertible debt     —       —       —       (705,217 ) Other     35,011       8,239       53,453       78,873   Net loss before income taxes     (6,488,442 )     (5,157,663 )     (20,362,210 )     (15,698,139 ) Income taxes     —       —       4,259       —   Net loss     (6,488,442 )     (5,157,663 )     (20,366,469 )     (15,698,139 ) Accretion of redeemable convertible preferred stock discount, issuance costs and dividends     —       —       —       (1,328,594 ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders   $ (6,488,442 )   $ (5,157,663 )   $ (20,366,469 )   $ (17,026,733 )                                   Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted   $ (0.92 )   $ (0.76 )   $ (2.92 )   $ (4.56 ) Shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted     7,053,010       6,829,687       6,985,924       3,735,852                                     (1) The Company recorded an increase to the inventory allowance of $292,000 to reserve for the remaining value of our Edge reader inventory.   HTG Molecular Diagnostics, Inc.   Balance Sheets                                           September 30,     December 31,       2016     2015   Assets   (Unaudited)           Current assets:                 Cash and cash equivalents   $ 5,523,824     $ 3,293,983   Short-term investments available-for-sale, at fair value     11,097,140       28,201,507   Accounts receivable     591,861       716,246   Inventory, net     1,867,685       2,201,301   Prepaid expenses and other     441,306       445,217   Total current assets     19,521,816       34,858,254                     Long-term investments available-for-sale, at fair value     —       2,603,901   Property and equipment, net     3,666,947       1,932,213   Total assets   $ 23,188,763     $ 39,394,368                                       Liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit)                 Current liabilities:                 Accounts payable   $ 1,117,830     $ 724,805   Accrued liabilities     1,292,285       1,915,268   Deferred revenue     283,663       47,476   NuvoGen obligation     582,614       543,750   Term loan     6,254,688       3,059,068   Other current liabilities     270,041       29,243   Total current liabilities     9,801,121       6,319,610   Term loan payable – non-current, net of discount and debt issuance costs     6,902,379       7,737,586   NuvoGen obligation – non-current, net of discount     8,169,861       8,415,122   Other     530,159       28,652   Total liabilities     25,403,520       22,500,970                     Commitments and Contingencies                 Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)     (2,214,757 )     16,893,398   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity (deficit)   $ 23,188,763     $ 39,394,368                     Contact:

Westwicke Partners
Jamar Ismail
Phone: (415) 513-1282
Email: jamar.ismail@westwicke.com

TJ Johnson
President / CEO
HTG Molecular Diagnostics
Phone: (520) 547-2827 x130
Email: tjjohnson@htgmolecular.com Author karolPosted on November 14, 2016November 14, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Zugata Announces $7 Million in Series A Funding from Canaan Partners, General Catalyst and Redpoint Ventures for Re-Imagining Performance Reviews Next Next post: OncoCyte Announces Publication of Breast Cancer Diagnostic Test Abstract; Poster to be Presented at the San Antonio Breast Cancer Symposium on December 9, 2016 Search for: Search Recent Posts Leonardo Demonstrates C-27J Capabilities in Latin America SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses In Excess Of $100,000 Investing In Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. To Contact The Firm Before Lead Plaintiff Deadline Research and Markets – Global Pilates Equipment Market – Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2020 – Key Vendors are Gratz Industries, Merrithew & Xtend Pilates Two Accomplished Security Entrepreneurs Invest In RiskRecon North America Pothole Patchers Truck/Body Industry Report 2016-2020 with Profiles of 15 Manufacturers – Research and Markets Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Also backs two biosimilar versions of Lilly’s osteoporosis therapy Forteo EMA advisors have recommended Merck & Co's biosimilar version of Lantus, Sanofi's blockbuster basal insulin product, be approved. The Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) has adopted a positive opinion for Lusduna (insulin glargine) for the treatment of diabetes mellitus, after it showed comparable quality, safety and efficacy to Lantus. An injected solution, the long-acting insulin analogue lowers high blood glucose by binding to the human insulin receptor to induce the same pharmacological effect as human insulin. Lusduna is now one step closer to European approval, but is facing a patent infringement lawsuit from Sanofi as the company moves to protect its big-selling product. Last year, Sanofi settled another Lantus patent infringement lawsuit with Lilly, after its Lantus 'follow-on' product Abasaglar won FDA approval in December. As part of that deal Lilly agreed to pay royalties to the French pharma group in exchange for a license to certain of its patents, and launched Abasaglar in the UK in August. Forteo biosimilars Meanwhile, the CHMP this month also issued positive opinions for two versions of Lilly's big-selling osteoporosis therapy Forteo (teriparatide). Hungarian pharmaceutical firm Gedeon Richter and Germany's Stada Arzneimittel received recommendations for Terrosa and Movymia respectively, for the treatment of postmenopausal women and men at increased risk of fracture. Both biosimilars are administered as an injected solution to increase bone mineral density in the lumbar spine and hip as well as reduce the risk of vertebral and non-vertebral fractures. Lilly's Forteo brought in $1.35bn in sales last year but its dominant position in the osteoporosis market has been increasingly under threat with the advent of biosimilar and generic competition. Furthermore, Amgen and UCB's rival osteoporosis drug romosozumab has demonstrated superior results to Forteo in phase III trials, and analysts have suggested the emerging anti-sclerostin antibody class will bring in well above $1bn in sales in the coming years. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Rebecca Clifford 14th November 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags Related content Ready for takeoff? EMA’s head of international affairs steps down PRIME Time in the EU CHMP backs Intercept's rare liver disease drug CHMP names France's Pierre Demolis vice-chair PME Digital Edition Featured jobs SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar Random42 Partner with Eyeforpharma for 15th Annual Barcelona Summit Takeda and Marvel launch IBD superhero squad Prime Global opens new UK office Gilead chalks up trial success for new NASH drug Novartis gets speedy FDA review for midostaurin Julie Adrian joins inVentiv Health Communications PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Synergy Vision Synergy Vision believe in delivering medical communications that make a difference to healthcare professionals and patients. Our synergy of pharma... Latest intelligence Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Rethinking pharma communications Guide: How do you adjust your communications to the new multichannel and multi-stakeholder environment?... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Javier Hasse , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 14, 2016 4:57pm   Comments Share: Related GILD Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For Gilead Sciences In The Next Year Benzinga's Top Initiations FDA Approves Gilead's Next Generation HBV Treatment (Seeking Alpha) Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: GILD) recently reported a Q3 EPS miss, driven by lower than expected sales of its hepatitis C drugs Harvoni and Sovaldi. The poor performance may have been in response to increasing competition from companies like AbbVie Inc (NYSE: ABBV) and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), as well as pricing pressure. However, spending on Harvoni remains quite high. In fact, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) revealed that the drug with the highest total spending in Medicaid in 2015 was Harvoni. Source: CMS To shed some light on the issue, Benzinga contacted Gilead. “Gilead’s HCV therapies are medical breakthroughs that offer a cure to the vast majority of patients suffering from hepatitis C, a life threatening and debilitating disease,” the company stated. Harvoni and Sovaldi not only save lives, but also “provide long-term value and cost savings to the healthcare system as a whole,” they added, noting that one-time cost of Harvoni and Sovaldi is substantially lower than the costs associated with treating HCV for a lifetime. “Most payers receive substantial discounts off the list price, with the steepest discounts going to payers like Medicaid and the VA. Both the VA and Medicaid currently receive discounts in excess of 50% on Harvoni,” a statment from the companty concluded. Posted-In: CMS HarvoniBiotech News Health Care Politics Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GILD + ABBV) Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For Gilead Sciences In The Next Year Benzinga's Top Initiations The Market In 5 Minutes: A Couple Of Pharma Stocks Move 70% In Opposite Directions Technical Alert: Gilead Sciences Lower Despite Favorable EU Ruling The Market In 5 Minutes: Retail Earnings Come Into Focus Wall Street's M&A Chatter From November 10 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on GILD Trending Recent 1 OCUL, DGII: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 3 FB, BAC: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Str... 4 DVAX: Dynavax Shares Plunge 70% Amid Complete Response Letter... 5 NUGT, JDST: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Star... 6 ZNGA, TTWO: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capi... 7 ESE, DGII: Must Watch Stocks for Nove... 1 PBYI: Credit Suisse Says Gr3 Diarrhea Still A Concern For Puma Biotech, But Pullba... 2 TJX, XRT: Jim Strugger's TJX Companies Options Trade 3 EEM: Todd Gordon's Emerging Markets ETF Options Trade 4 GILD: Several Key Catalysts Lay Ahead For Gilead Sciences In The Ne... 5 MTL: An Under-The-Radar Steel Name Is Getting A Big Boost Today 6 ABT: Abbott Laboratories CEO Buys $15 Million In Shares 7 CLF, X: Trump Election Making Steel Great Again View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products GrubHub Investors' Growth Expectations Have Gotten A Little Ahead Of Themselves
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/15/16 12:36 PM EST GOP to unify behind Paul Ryan By Rachael Bade and Kyle Cheney The Wisconsin Republican is expected to easily win the support of half of his conference at a 1 p.m. vote, which would clinch his nomination for the speakership.... 11/15/16 12:32 PM EST Billionaire investor Ross said to be Commerce pick By Andrew Restuccia Ross, 78, is the founder of the private equity firm WL Ross & Co., known for restructuring failed companies in industries such as steel, coal, telecommunications... 11/15/16 12:32 PM EST Obama, grappling with Trump's win, takes the long view By Edward-Isaac Dovere The president says he's not to blame for the election results -- but suggests Trump will ultimately fail. 11/15/16 12:22 PM EST Ryan waves off Bannon queries By Rachael Bade “I’m not looking backwards; I’m looking forward,” Ryan responded. 11/15/16 12:19 PM EST Election Aftermath: The New Politics of Trade 11/15/16 12:15 PM EST Playback: President-elect Trump’s first TV interview 11/15/16 12:02 PM EST Donna Brazile says CNN should have let her 'defend myself' following Wikileaks email By Kelsey Sutton The interim DNC chair said the network ripped her ‘a new one’ after town hall question scandal Updated 11/15/16 11:48 AM EST Time spent negotiating TPP wasn’t wasted By Megan Cassella Froman: No final decision yet on China anti-dumping change — Trump’s trade policies vs. iPhone sales 11/15/16 11:47 AM EST Carson won't serve in Trump administration, aide says By Paul Demko “He has no interest in a cabinet position, or any position in the administration,” Carson adviser Armstrong Williams told POLITICO. 11/15/16 11:35 AM EST Top Dem donor: Back people of color in leadership races By Kenneth P. Vogel and Daniel Strauss Her email came as the influential Democracy Alliance was convening a three-day meeting in Washington. 11/15/16 11:33 AM EST Giuliani took money from Qatar, Venezuela, Iranian exiles By Isaac Arnsdorf His foreign clientele could present conflicts of interest as secretary of state. 11/15/16 11:08 AM EST Obama: I'm not responsible for Trump By Nolan D. McCaskill President Barack Obama rejected direct parallels between Trump’s ascension and the rise of conservative politicians like Theresa May in the UK and Marine... 11/15/16 11:05 AM EST Warren blasts Trump transition decisions, vows Dodd-Frank battle By Zachary Warmbrodt The Massachusetts senator slams President-elect Donald Trump's first decisions as president in a series of attacks. 11/15/16 10:56 AM EST Rand Paul attacks John Bolton as possible secretary of state By Brent Griffiths Bolton, who served in the George W. Bush administration as ambassador to the United Nations, is a leading Republican hawk. Updated 11/15/16 10:51 AM EST House Democrats delay leadership elections By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan Members will now vote for caucus leaders on Wednesday, Nov. 30. 11/15/16 10:47 AM EST Obama: Trump and Brexit part of a global wave of anxiety By Madeline Conway Globalization combined with technology, combined with social media and constant information, have disrupted people's lives sometimes in very concrete ways,”... 11/15/16 10:44 AM EST Obama: Congress stopped me from helping Trump supporters By Brent Griffiths As for whether Trump's voters will now get what they want, Obama said it's too soon to say. 11/15/16 10:24 AM EST McCaul on DHS chief: 'I’ve expressed my interest' By Cory Bennett and Martin Matishak House Homeland Security Chairman Mike McCaul is pushing to become head of the federal agency he oversees in Congress. 11/15/16 10:11 AM EST Obama urges NATO members to pull their weight By Nolan D. McCaskill Trump has suggested on the campaign trail that the U.S. wouldn’t support its allies unless they fulfilled their promises on defense spending. Presidential Transition Updated 11/15/16 10:08 AM EST Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition By Andrew Restuccia and Nancy Cook The new, top-down approach is likened to how Dick Cheney ran the Bush transition. 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Obama's post-election advice By Ted Hesson Firefighter union looks ahead — Minimum wage vote in San Jose 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Rule 41 change probably won’t get congressional action By Tim Starks NIST, Congress address Internet of Things security — Trump talks to Moscow, Beijing 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Dakota Access delayed again as national protesters gather By Anthony Adragna Steyer's next act — New name floated for Energy Secretary 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Obama’s HHS, Congress at potential odds over pending rule By David Pittman Health IT voice Blackburn on Trump’s transition — Cerner user conference gets underway 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Mica, Shuster dish on DOT aspirations By Lauren Gardner Republicans register cautious optimism on Trump transportation plan — DOT tells hybrid cars to get loud 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Biotech's big six were generous to Grassley By Jenny Hopkinson Urban-rural jobs gulf widens — Froman, Brady: Time spent negotiating TPP wasn't time wasted 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Obama dares GOP on Obamacare: Do it better than me By Dan Diamond Jindal rumored for HHS Secretary — New Medicare data shows different drugs with price spikes 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST No quit yet By Bernie Becker Tax reform talks are starting — Next move for progressives? 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Sobering reality of prison inmate education By Michael Stratford Student protests against Trump to enter second week — Trump expected to reverse Obama education regs, top Alexander aide says 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from using ad platforms By Li Zhou Clinton digital strategist: FB fake news a 'big problem' — Another Trump transition aide to watch 11/15/16 10:00 AM EST Battle to lead NRCC hits overdrive By Elena Schneider Push for Democratic votes couldn't save Ayotte in New Hampshire — Rep. Kristi Noem jumps into South Dakota gubernatorial race 11/15/16 09:43 AM EST Trump: I would have won popular vote if I needed to By Louis Nelson and Matthew Nussbaum Had last week's presidential election hinged on the popular vote, Donald Trump would have adjusted his strategy, he wrote on Twitter Tuesday morning. 11/15/16 09:33 AM EST The Morning Media Profile: Salena Zito saw Trump's writing on the wall By Hadas Gold This item originally appeared in the November, 15 2016 edition of Morning Media. 11/15/16 09:30 AM EST LAPD vs. TRUMP on deportations -- NEWSOM polls ahead for 2018 -- CA CLEAN-AIR efforts to continue 11/15/16 08:36 AM EST Rogers resigns from Trump’s transition team By Andrew Restuccia Former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers has resigned from Donald Trump's presidential transition team. 11/15/16 08:30 AM EST Russia launches new Aleppo offensive By Jeremy Herb Sessions leading candidate for Pentagon chief — Trump talks with Putin 11/15/16 08:28 AM EST Conway: Keeping Bannon from public a strategic decision By Louis Nelson While Trump has worked hard to present a unifying message in the days since his historic election, his decision to make Bannon his chief strategist has... 11/15/16 08:26 AM EST Trumpsition Day 7: Running the cabinet rumor gauntlet By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum President-elect Donald Trump will huddle with V.P.-to-be Mike Pence in New York on Tuesday. 11/15/16 08:08 AM EST GOP establishment on Trump team By Ben White and Andrew Hanna More on Treasury — Don't assume quick stimulus — Mary Jo White out at SESC 11/15/16 07:47 AM EST HOUSE GOP LEADERSHIP ELECTIONS TODAY – Democratic discord continues – SCHUMER SLAMS BANNON APPOINTMENT – Ellison makes DNC bid official – SESSIONS FOR DEFENSE SECRETARY? 11/15/16 07:44 AM EST Source: Giuliani narrow favorite for Secretary of State By Alex Isenstadt and Louis Nelson Rudy Giuliani was a close adviser to Donald Trump throughout his White House bid. 11/15/16 07:23 AM EST SPRINGFIELD VETO SESSION -- RAUNER, leaders to meet; AUTOMATIC VOTER registration up for override -- No plan on tap to pay LAWMAKERS No plan on tap to pay LAWMAKERS 11/15/16 07:17 AM EST GIULIANI for State -- 2017 jockeying underway -- Tributes for GWEN IFILL Tributes for GWEN IFILL 11/15/16 07:03 AM EST RATING downgraded again -- SWEENEY near pension payment deal with CHRISTIE -- CHIESA to help AC takeover CHIESA to help AC takeover 11/15/16 07:00 AM EST The ‘Rubio Effect’ – 2018 candidates start lining up – About that Cuban-American vote…. – Florida Bulldog fundraiser tonight – Florida Man v. New York gun laws Florida Man v. New York gun laws 11/15/16 06:59 AM EST BICKFORD new MassDems chair -- BAKER, PENCE, and the RGA -- WARREN knocks Dems on Obamacare WARREN knocks Dems on Obamacare 11/15/16 06:56 AM EST EXCLUSIVE: BANNON makes the rounds; GOP braindump on Trump’s new sr adviser -- DAILY swamp-drain check -- TOP RNC chairman picks -- HOUSE GOP leadership elections TODAY -- REMEMBERING GWEN IFILL By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/15/16 06:56 AM EST Laura Ingraham says she’d be ‘honored’ to be Trump’s press secretary By Louis Nelson Conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham said she is 'honored' to be under consideration to be the press secretary for President-elect Donald Trump's... 11/15/16 06:47 AM EST Trump’s first ambassador: Barack Obama By Edward-Isaac Dovere On his last foreign trip as president, the task ahead of Obama is enormous: Reassuring the world about a successor he said couldn’t possibly win. Defense Updated 11/15/16 05:29 AM EST Sessions leading choice for defense secretary By Jeremy Herb and Connor O’Brien Establishment Republican defense officials may try to push back against a Sessions nomination as Pentagon chief, sources close to the transition say. You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us GOP and Trump put deficit on back burner Democrats clash over the future of the Obama coalition Trump allies object to Lewandowski Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Fear rises that Bannon could bring the ‘alt-right’ into White House Obama on Trump: This is fine Politico Prescription Pulse A weekly briefing on pharmaceutical policy news Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print GOP sweep boosts pharma spiritis By Brett Norman and Sarah Karlin-Smith 11/14/16 12:00 PM EST Updated 11/14/16 05:44 PM EST With help from Mary Lee CHRISTMAS FOR PHARMA IN NOVEMBER — The surprise victory of Donald Trump and Republicans in the Senate lifted pharma stocks as fears over what a Hillary Clinton administration might do on drug prices waned and the prospect of new tax advantages suddenly appeared on the horizon. The industry also scored big in beating back the much-watched California ballot measure to cap prices on drugs for some state health programs. Story Continued Below It appears that Trump’s sights are set on repealing (or “amending”) Obamacare — not tangling with drug makers. The latest refresh of his health care policy web page includes no mention of the Medicare negotiations he occasionally talked about on the trail. In fact, it doesn’t mention drug costs at all, but it does pledge reform of the FDA “to put greater focus on the needs of patients for new and innovative medical products.” And there’s a must-pass vehicle coming next year for just that: the user fee reauthorization, which is also now seen as the likely home for many of the policies baked into 21st Century Cures. The NASDAQ Biotechnology Index has shot up about 10 percent since the election. Analysts note other benefits to the broader medical products sector, such as the two-year delay of the medical device tax through 2017, which is now likely to become permanent as part of the Obamacare repeal effort. BUT THE DRUG PRICE ISSUE IS NOT GOING AWAY — Recent polls show it’s still the top health care priority for voters. Pharma lobbyists see the likely policy response as much less threatening, especially in D.C., but they don’t expect the issue to vanish. “It’s going to continue to be a work stream on the Hill, but we’re not going to create an independent review board [on drug pricing], we’re not going to give [the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review] super powers,” a veteran GOP lobbyist, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “All of those things that were going to be new and extremely aggressive aren’t going to happen.” Ian Spatz, former top lobbyist at Merck and now a drug industry consultant at Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP, said the industry’s initial reaction to the election was “shock and surprise” and “caused everyone to go back to the drawing board and figure out what the strategy is.” Drug costs are “an important pocketbook issue for voters” and it’s not going away, he said. He expects states will likely be the “focus of action.” Politics aside, the pressure on prices will continue. GlaxoSmithKline’s CEO, Andrew Witty, said on the eve of the election that broader trends in the market, including insurer and hospital consolidation and efforts to expand value-based payment models, will continue to push prices down regardless of who wins. Obamacare repeal isn’t great for pharma, either. Despite the previous GOP repeal bill using reconciliation to roll back ACA taxes on the industry — an overall positive for pharma expected to appear again in future repeal efforts — drug companies are selling prescriptions to more than 20 million people who are insured under Obamacare, either through Medicaid expansion or the exchange plans. Happy Monday and welcome to the first Prescription PULSE of the Trump era. Here we go, folks. Send concerns, tips and transition news to bnorman@politico.com (@BrettNorman) and skarlin@politico.com (@SarahKarlin). TRANSITION UPDATE: CHRISTIE DEMOTED, ALONG WITH BAGGER — The Trump transition announced Friday that Vice President-elect, Mike Pence, would take charge of the D.C.-based transition team, with Rick Dearborn, a top policy adviser, running day-to-day. Pence replaces New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. And, Rich Bagger — the former Celgene and Pfizer executive and Christie loyalist — was downgraded from the No. 2 transition team official to a “transition adviser.” Bagger’s name had previously circulated as a possible Trump health care appointee. Read the announcement here. Note to Pros getting up to speed on the transition: Andrew Bremberg is overseeing the HHS transition and Jim Frogue advised the Trump campaign on health care issues out of Trump Tower. WHAT THE ELECTION MEANS FOR CURES — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, and House Speaker Paul Ryan, both said last week that 21st Century Cures would be a top priority for the lame duck. House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman, Fred Upton, was even spreading the word after the election that he aimed to bring a bill to the House floor this week. … But a number of Hill aides and Cures watchers who spoke to us seriously doubt it will get done this year. First, Republican and Democratic staff negotiators were still wrestling with the core problem that has dogged the effort all along: how to pay for it. The most recent package under negotiation would include about $4 billion in NIH funding, and additional money for a response to the opioid epidemic and the White House’s Cancer Moonshot Initiative. Second, Republicans continue to insist on including the REGROW Act — cited by McConnell as his top priority. The legislation would undermine FDA’s standards of approval for regenerative medicine treatments in an effort to speed them to market. It may well be a deal-breaker, as FDA and Democrats are flatly opposed. Third, there are Republicans in the House who have no interest in giving the Obama administration an outgoing legacy gift of helping the moonshot get off the ground. And perhaps most importantly, lobbyists on both sides of the aisle said a deal in the lame duck session was unlikely because there’s nothing so urgent in Cures that Republicans couldn’t wait to get it done as part of the user fee bill next year, when they will control the White House. NIH funding stays flat for now. Congress is widely expected to pass a short-term funding bill that keeps government funding flat into March. That would at least defer an expected bipartisan boost to NIH’s budget. TPP is a goner. With Trump’s election, the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal is off the table — likely for good. That puts an end to pharma’s fight to push for stronger biologic marketing exclusivity protections in the deal. It’s not clear that’s a win for the industry overall, however. Drug companies generally support and benefit from free trade and open borders, and the deal would have provided a host of protections in some markets that currently have none. Whither the Part B demo? CMS is still expected to finalize its controversial experiment in how to pay for drugs administered at doctors’ offices and hospitals under Medicare Part B. Whether it will ever take effect is another question. The proposed pilot drew fire from Republicans and Democrats, and any program finalized now could be rolled back or changed by a Trump administration using the Congressional Review Act. … CMS Acting Administrator, Andy Slavitt, said last week that one of his top priorities in his final days at the agency is protecting CMMI. However, putting the demonstration front and center could draw more unfavorable GOP attention and risk placing CMMI in their Obamacare repeal push next year. But there’s bipartisan consensus behind nudging the system to pay for value and broad authority for what the center can do. That makes it an attractive tool for the party in power — think a Medicare premium support demonstration, or perhaps even Medicaid block grants (though there's debate about whether CMMI could actually do that … ). More in Pro Health’s outlook for the lame duck. ** A message from The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC): Meaningful suffixes are important in medicine. That’s why 80% of doctors surveyed prefer them for biosimilar naming. The FDA is considering naming biosimilar medicines with a random code versus a more recognizable name. Physician groups call for biosimilar names that are easily distinguished and recognized. Learn more from http://biologicsprescribers.org ** FDA STILL LEARY OF OFF-LABEL PROMOTION — Anyone thinking the FDA is going to open the flood gates on drug industry promotion should listen to Commissioner Robert Califf’s opening remarks at last week’s two-day public hearing, which sound like a strong argument for the status quo. He outlined the agency’s renewed commitment to examining its off-label communication policies following key court cases that pushed back on the government’s ability to regulate and prosecute truthful speech. Califf started by ticking off stark reminders of why the framework was put in place by lawmakers in the first place — there have been tragic public health consequences when drug companies have been allowed to sell medicines without strong evidence of their safety and effectiveness. He also cited a study from earlier this year that found that drugs put into practice for unapproved uses are associated with a substantial increase in adverse events. And he took a jab at industry’s track record on promotion. “Historically, there are many examples in which the medical products industry has promoted either false or misleading information about their products to persuade doctors to use therapies inappropriately,” he said. Califf acknowledged there can be times when truthful scientific and medical information regarding a product’s unapproved use may help health care providers make better decisions for individual patients. However, he added that providers already have considerable access to off-label data. The burden for drug and device companies seems to be whether they can prove to the FDA that they have information doctors are otherwise having trouble getting. Of course, there is an all-important caveat here: the meeting occurred in the wake of the election. Given Trump’s victory, all of Califf’s points could now be moot. However, if there’s any area of the science-based FDA that could be affected by the political ideology of the Trump administration, it’s drug industry promotion. We’re guessing that whoever Trump picks to lead HHS, the Justice Department and FDA, is unlikely to see eye-to-eye with current leadership on this issue. Can the rank and file scientists at the FDA keep industry promotion in check? MORE RX PRICING INVESTIGATIONS — Buried in the chaos of election night, was an announcement by ARIAD Pharmaceuticals that it received a subpoena in early November from the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Massachusetts. The company must hand over documents related to its support of charities that provide financial assistance to Medicare patients and ARIAD patient support programs. Drug companies can risk kick-back violations when providing co-pay or discount support to Medicare patients. Sen. Bernie Sanders and Rep. Elijah Cummings questioned the $80,000 increase in the price of ARIAD’s leukemia drug over the past five years in an October letter to the company. … Valeant also announced last week that it received a subpoena from the California Department of Insurance over its ties to pharmacies and marketing practices, Reuters reports. The company has received so much bad press for its high drug prices, it’s now considering changing its name, board member William Ackman told CNBC the same day. NEW HHS OIG WORK PLAN TACKLES DRUG COSTS — The Office of Inspector General 2017 work plan will look at the amount of money the government could collect if it implemented inflation-based rebates in Medicare Part B. OIG will also study the waste that occurs because of the size of drug vials sold in the U.S. Savings might be achieved if the vial sizes available in other countries — which tend to be smaller — were offered in the U.S., and if drug companies then marketed those smaller vials at lower prices. HHS is going to look at how much money it spends on drugs that end up being wasted due to large vial size. Other new drug studies on the agenda: — whether the government could save money if companies were required to pay rebates to Medicare Part D on prescriptions filled at 340B participating pharmacies. — questionable billing for compounded topical drugs in Part D. — Part D payments made for patients after their death INDUSTRY: VALUE-BASED DRUG PRICING WON’T WORK FOR ALL MEDS — Pay-for-value and pay-for-outcomes have both been pharma industry refrains in response to criticism on drug pricing. The idea is to charge different prices for medicines based on how well they work in specific patients, or tie prices to offsets in the cost of patient care down the line. But comments from Roche pricing head Jens Grueger to Reuters shows the industry is starting to walk back some of the hype. Grueger said that while flexible pricing models have worked well for cancer drugs abroad (his company often charges differently depending on the specific type cancer the product treats), it isn’t as likely to be implemented for other treatments, such as Roche’s forthcoming multiple sclerosis medicine, Ocrevus. There is no data available that would allow the company to create varied pricing for patients with different forms of the highly variable disease. Novartis’s CEO, Joe Jimenez, has also pointed out the limitations of these new pricing models. FDA FINALIZES RULE ON CITIZEN PETITIONS — The agency issued a final rule outlining how it will implement a 2007 law designed to ensure that drug companies don’t improperly use citizen petitions to delay approval of competing products. The rule outlines how these petitions, which if granted could delay approval of a pending generic drug application, must be submitted to the agency. The final rule also includes changes made to the law in 2012 that apply to biosimilars and shorten the time period FDA has to review the petitions from 180 days to 150 days. Still, FDA has said it remains concerned about the number of petitions it receives that are intended primarily to delay the agency’s approval of a competing drug product, and that don’t raise valid scientific or public health issues. QUICK HITS TAX HOLIDAY — A Donald Trump White House could be pharma’s golden ticket for a tax holiday, or perhaps a tax overhaul, worth billions. Analysts estimate that biopharma companies could have as much as $98 billion parked overseas, and bringing this money back home could mean an uptick in M&A, share repurchase programs and paying down debt. More from BioPharmaDive. TWITTER ADS — The FDA requests comments on a research study testing the effectiveness of drug advertising on Twitter. It wants to see whether consumers will read and understand safety information if they have to click on a link and go to a second webpage to view those warnings. NOT ENOUGH — The FDA has done little to stop the opioid epidemic, and has impeded pharma's ability to get products that treat substance-use disorders to the market, experts said at a workshop convened by the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine. They suggest the agency consider restricting the marketing and promotion of opioids, and call for better labeling to quantify their efficacy, MedPageToday reports. THORNY QUESTIONS — Johnson & Johnson’s unique approach to handling “compassionate use” requests for access to its experimental anti-cancer drug, daratumumab, raised hope but also questions on ethics and clinical trials. More from STAT on how this novel process may be replicated with other drugs. FDA/CMS LEADERSHIP LIKE ‘PRECISION,’ NOT ‘PERSONALIZED’ MEDICINE — Leadership at both agencies outline in JAMA how they are working together to bridge the gap between FDA’s approval of a product and CMS’s coverage determinations, including how they are adapting to evaluate both evidence generated through clinical trials and data from other sources. One interesting point: They take issue with use of the phrase “personalized medicine,” and warn of over-promising on the potential to customize therapies for individual patients without broader scientific data. “The FDA and CMS are concerned that this term could be misconstrued as implying that science will enable individual practitioners to accurately predict what will happen to patients without reference to a larger base of empirical evidence gathered from broader groups.” Their plea: Call it precision medicine. PFIZER LOWERS VACCINE PRICE IN CRISIS AREAS — The pharma giant announced Friday it will offer the lowest price on its pneumonia vaccine to humanitarian organizations working in emergency areas. The lowest price is now $3.10 per dose. Read the announcement here. PEOPLE Peter Stein will serve as deputy director of FDA’s new drugs office. Stein was most recently the vice president of late stage development, diabetes and endocrinology at Merck. CATCHING OUR ATTENTION: IS IT TOO SOON FOR A DRUG INDUSTRY CELEBRATION? While a GOP White House emboldened by a Republican-controlled Congress may mean less drug price regulation, Trump’s criticism of the industry and its lobby indicate that it’s too early to tell whether his victory is good news for the biopharmaceutical industry — so buckle up, Bloomberg reports. “Expecting doctrinaire Republican drug policy from a man who ran anything but a doctrinaire Republican campaign is risky,” Max Nisen writes. Trump’s win prompted a brief rally for drug companies in the stock market, but the future of the industry remains as uncertain as the details of Trump’s health care policies. Beyond health care, his trade and economic policies could create difficulty for companies that conduct lot of international business, and his anti-immigrant proposals could hamper an industry that employs many overseas workers. ** A message from The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC): Meaningful suffixes are important in medicine. That’s why 80% of doctors surveyed prefer them for biosimilar naming as well. The FDA is considering naming biosimilar medicines with a random code versus a more recognizable name. In a recent SERMO* poll, representing over 500 physicians across multiple specialties, 80% of physicians prefer a “meaningful suffix.” The Biologics Prescribers Collaborative (BPC) along with American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE), American College of Rheumatology (ACR), American Gastroenterological Association (AGA), Alliance for Patient Access (AfPA), Coalition of State Rheumatology Organizations (CSRO) and Endocrine Society and other physician groups across the country call for biosimilar names that are easily distinguished and recognized. Learn more from http://biologicsprescribers.org (*SERMO is the largest global social network exclusively for doctors.) ** « View Archives Authors: Brett Norman bnorman@politico.com @brettnorman Sarah Karlin-Smith skarlin@politico.com About The Author Brett Norman is a reporter at POLITICO, covering health care and pharma politics. He has worked as a science writer with the brilliant biomedical researchers at Rockefeller University in New York and started his career covering cops, courts and government for the Pensacola News Journal, where he was on a team of reporters twice nominated for the Pulitzer Prize in Public Service. He graduated from the University of Chicago and Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism and lives in Washington with his wife, the journalist Kate Dailey, and their toddler son. Brett is a 2015-2016 Rosalynn Carter Mental Health Journalism fellow. About The Author Sarah Karlin-Smith is a health care reporter, specializing in covering the policy and politics that affect the drug industry.  Before joining Politico she honed her health care coverage at FDAnews and "The Pink Sheet" where she covered all angles of pharmaceutical policy from clinical trials to patent law and pharma social media regulations on the Hill and at FDA. She can now recognize way too many FDA officials just by hearing their voices. In 2014, Sarah was selected as an Association of Health Care Journalists-National Library of Medicine fellow. She graduated with special honors in journalism and mass communication from The George Washington University where she also dabbled in American studies, guarded the women's club lacrosse team's goal, and fell in love with Washington. When she isn't reporting, Sarah can be found trying hard to one day touch her toes in a yoga class, defending her great homeland of New Jersey and whipping up silly balloon hats or dogs as a volunteer clown. She's working to add more balloon animals to her repertoire. Most Read Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 2 presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump Trump’s first ambassador: Barack Obama Obama suggests Clinton didn't work as hard as he did Trump advisers steamroll Christie’s transition Clinton wins New Hampshire Obama on Trump: This is fine Pelosi confronts discontent in the ranks Obama reminds Trump: 'There's only one president at a time' Trump allies object to Lewandowski Prescription Pulse - POLITICO Archive Monday, 11/14/16 Monday, 11/7/16 Monday, 10/31/16 Monday, 10/24/16 Monday, 10/17/16 View the Full Prescription Pulse Archives » Politico Magazine The Resurgence of the Republicans? By Susan B. Glasser Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
15/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news Live X Culture 15/11/2016 Hungarian dramedy wins Best Feature in Thessaloniki Point of view "Our focus is on the city of Thessaloniki and our desire is for the festival to be a living organism with different sections and activities. The aim is to reinforce our ties with Greek cinema and we want to help Greek filmmakers and producers build ties with their foreign colleagues. And we want to strengthen the festiv" Orestis Andreadakis Artistic director, Thessaloniki International Film Festival Sci-tech 15/11/2016 Creating solar energy from trash Point of view "This is a poor neighbourhood and sometimes we have no light or water. These recycled solar panels help us a lot, we have children and it's useful having light and hot water even though we have no electricity." Luis Alberto Quinona Resident, Garin Culture 15/11/2016 Jones' debut album 'New Skin' out now Point of view "I think love is always going to be something that really connects with people. It's just so filled with emotion and people just seem to need that outlet, I think. I love listening to classic love songs, I don't think it ever gets old." Jones Singer-songwriter Business 15/11/2016 Eurozone Q3 growth solid despite Brexit vote, Trump election overshadows outlook Point of view "If Germany's single most important trading partner, the United States, really moves towards more protectionism, this would definitely leave its mark on German growth" Carsten Brzeski ING Bank economist World news 15/11/2016 Russia's economy minister charged with bribery Point of view "This is strange and surprising news for us" Elena Lashkina Ulyukayev spokeswoman World news 15/11/2016 Barack Obama in Athens with the focus on Greek debt relief Point of view "'I am a strong believer that to make reforms sustainable, people need hope' Barack Obama" World news 15/11/2016 Death sentence against Mohammed Mursi overturned by Egyptian court Tweet World news 15/11/2016 EU revamps security and adopts 'independent' spirit Point of view ""Europe needs to be able to act for its own security"" Jean-Yves Le Drian French Defence Minister BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > Business > Business winners and losers from the Trump presidency Now Reading: Business winners and losers from the Trump presidency economy 10/11/2016 Business winners and losers from the Trump presidency Today's Top Stories world news 11/15/2016 President Obama supports Greece on debt strategy world news 11/15/2016 Harsh words between Germany and Turkey world news 11/15/2016 Spain: death of an elderly woman sparks outcry on “energy poverty” Advertisement Aa Aa Related Stories economy 09/27/2016 Trade and tax returns - business issues prominent in presidential debate Flashback: one year ago world news 11/15/2015 Paris: the faces behind the headlines world news 11/15/2015 Survivors of Paris massacres describe their ordeal world news 11/15/2015 A Belgian connection - again - as terror strikes Europe world news 11/15/2015 Paris attacks: just some of the victims from more than 15 countries Sport 11/15/2015 Sporting world mourns victims of Paris attacks Editor's choice world news 11/15/2016 Awkward relations between Germany and Turkey the corner 11/14/2016 Argentina looking to bounce back from slump against Colombia brussels bureau 11/14/2016 The Brief from Brussels: Obama's last trip to Europe last updated: 10/11/2016 Euronews The world’s business leaders are busy assessing whether their companies will gain or suffer from US presidential election winner Donald Trump’s proposed policy changes. The biggest problem is that he has not fleshed out the slogans, threats and vague promises made during his campaign. Winners The pharmaceutical industry should be happy Hillary Clinton is not heading for the White House given that she had promised to crack down on what she called “excessive price increases”. The shares of firms like Pfizer and Merck rallied in relief. Tech firms like Apple, Microsoft and Google owner Alphabet have kept billions of dollars of profits out of the US rather than pay the current 39 percent corporation tax. Trump has proposed a one-off 10 percent rate for repatriated cash. Fossil fuel firms could benefit given the president elect has said global warming is “a hoax”. So might mining companies, steel manufacturers and builders from his infrastructure spending promises. Losers The likely losers include renewable energy companies as the Trump victory threatens to reverse US energy and environmental priorities. He has also pledged to pull the US out of the Paris agreement to cut emissions and fight climate changes. Share of Danish firm Vestas, the world’s second-largest wind turbine producer, fell along with those of Spain’s Gamesa and Germany company Siemens. US carmakers who have plants in Mexico to take advantage of lower labour costs would lose out from Trump’s threats to impose tariffs on vehicles shipped north. Toyota, Nissan and Volkswagen would also be hit as they too have factories south of the border. Oil drillers. Gas pipelines. Coal. The defense industry. These are the likely winners of a Trump administration. https://t.co/Zd7lay5sYX— nzherald Business (@nzheraldbiz) November 10, 2016 Read my FX op-ed FX Winners & Losers after a Trump victory on CNBC https://t.co/CbNJz5rHNb .CNBC</a> .<a href="https://twitter.com/business">business GlobalFX</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fx?src=hash">#fx</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/fxtrading?src=hash">#fxtrading</a></p>&mdash; Keith Underwood (Underwood_FX) November 9, 2016 Share this article: More about: Business Google Donald Trump Elections USA presidential elections 2016 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Marchés : avec Trump, qui gagne et qui perd ? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch "America Great Again" - wer gewinnt, wer verliert See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano L'economia secondo Trump: tempi bui per rinnovabili e ritorno del carbone See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Los ganadores y perdedores en bolsa, tras la victoria de Trump See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Quem ganha e quem perde nos negócios com Trump a Presidente See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe ABD: İş dünyası merakla Trump'ın ekonomi politikalarını bekliyor See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Бізнес за президента Трампа: хто виграє, а хто програє? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский США: кто заработает на победе Трампа? See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية من هم الرابحون والخاسرون من انتخاب ترامب رئيسا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی برندگان و بازندگان انتخاب دونالد ترامپ به عنوان رئیس جمهور آمریکا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά ΗΠΑ: Οι εταιρείες που «τρίβουν τα χέρια τους» μετά τη νίκη Τραμπ See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Trump gazdaságpolitikájának győztesei és vesztesei See translation Auto-Translated Next Article economy 10/11/2016 Italian industrial production better than expected in September Today's Top Stories world news 11/15/2016 President Obama supports Greece on debt strategy world news 11/15/2016 Harsh words between Germany and Turkey world news 11/15/2016 Spain: death of an elderly woman sparks outcry on “energy poverty” Browse today's tags USA Politics Donald Trump Diplomacy Russia European Union Greece Justice Germany Barack Obama Vladimir Putin Brexit Culture Turkey Art American politics Arrest Berlin United Kingdom Argentina Greek economy Environmental protection War crimes Corruption Election results Protests in Belgium British politics Refugees Talks / negotiations Football Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / StayWell unveils Krames Health Engagement Platform StayWell unveils Krames Health Engagement Platform Posted on November 14, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Interactive patient engagement solution uses leading quality and safety research and cutting-edge Doctella Smartlist technology to improve outcomes, patient experience across care continuum Yardley, PA (PRWEB) November 14, 2016 The StayWell Company announced today the launch of a new patient engagement solution that powers patient-provider interactivity at all points of care across the patient’s health care journey, to optimize outcomes and improve quality and safety. The new Krames Health Engagement Platform is powered by Doctella Smartlist technology, which emerged from industry-leading quality and safety research. “In order to deliver greater value and better outcomes in health care, we need to raise the bar on quality and safety and give patients the tools and information to be more engaged in their health and the care they receive,” said Nicole Latimer, President, StayWell. “For more than 40 years, Krames StayWell has been delivering interactive patient education and engagement solutions that address real-life needs, such as patient compliance and chronic conditions. The Krames Health Engagement Platform is a highly interactive, integrated solution that will power patient engagement and deliver measurable outcomes.” Effectively engaging patients and caregivers is essential to hospitals and health systems in new value-based payment models, because engagement — which can be fostered by interactive education, communications and positive feedback — can contribute to improved patient compliance and clinical outcomes. However, according to a 2015 study published in the journal Risk Management and Healthcare Policy, the percentage of patients who were not compliant with care plans ranged from 25-50 percent, depending on disease state, patient characteristics and insurance coverage. The Krames Health Engagement Platform addresses this challenge by augmenting verbal instructions and print materials with state-of-the-art, customizable and interactive, multimedia tools that can be easily shared with family and caregivers. The platform is accessible anytime, anywhere. It facilitates open communication with clinical staff and allows for previously unavailable monitoring of patient behaviors and compliance. For health care providers, the platform is designed to align with quality and value-based payment systems that focus on clinical outcomes and patient-centered care. The platform delivers improved patient satisfaction scores and helps providers manage costs by reducing last-minute surgical cancellations and readmissions. Features of the Krames Health Engagement Platform include: Availability via mobile app or online; Integration into all points of care across a health system; EHR integration; Easy monitoring of patient care plans and instructions; Patient reminders and doctor communication delivered via text, mobile app or email; Integration with custom patient education content and videos used by providers; Secure, compliant, easy-to-implement cloud-based platform; and Proven Doctella Smarlist technology and doctor-developed FAQs. Doctella Smartlist technology originated from quality and safety checklist research performed by Peter Pronovost, MD, PhD, of Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. It is a unique application of quality improvement science and physician-developed checklists delivered in an open, interactive content framework that maps the complete patient journey, including: patient preferences, shared decision making, education, care instructions, symptom tracking, beliefs, belonging, insights and patient reported outcomes and measures. The Doctella Smartlist technology used in the Krames Health Engagement Platform has shown promising results for health systems. In an early clinical experience, one health system saw a 60 percent decrease in same-day surgery cancellations, a 57 percent decrease in emergency room visits, and 15 percent fewer phone calls to physician offices. The platform is immediately available to select hospitals, clinics and health systems. StayWell is currently inviting health care organizations to sign up by December 31, 2016, to become part of the Krames Patient Engagement Collaborative, a group of like-minded organizations and health care leaders who are involved in patient engagement, technology, and physician-patient communication. Organizations that participate in the collaborative will have access to special networking opportunities, quarterly best-practice webinars, implementation support and more. For more information about the Krames Health Engagement Platform, or to join the collaborative, visit http://www.staywell.com/doctella. Follow and participate in the conversation on Twitter: #MedicalErrors #PatientSafety #patientengagement #patientsafety #checklists #DoctellaChecklists #DigitalHealth #HealthApp About StayWell StayWell, a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (“Merck”), is a health engagement company that helps its clients engage and educate people to improve health and business results. StayWell brings decades of experience working across the health care industry to design solutions that address its clients’ evolving needs. StayWell fuses expertise in health engagement and the science of behavior change with an integrated portfolio of solutions and robust content assets to effectively engage people to make positive health care decisions. StayWell programs have received numerous top industry honors, including the C. Everett Koop National Health Award and the Web Health Award for health engagement programs. StayWell also has received URAC and NCQA accreditation for several of its programs. StayWell is headquartered in Yardley, Pennsylvania, and also has major locations in Salt Lake City, Utah, and St. Paul, Minn. To learn more, visit http://www.staywell.com. About Doctella: Doctella.com, by Patient Doctor Technologies, Inc. and creators of Doctella Smartlist technology, is based in Silicon Valley. The company provides a comprehensive patient-centered outcomes management platform to improve the culture, communication, and engagement between patients, families, and providers. Doctella was founded by Amer Haider, Dr. Peter Pronovost, and Dr. Adil Haider. The Doctella Smartlist app was developed by leading researchers from Johns Hopkins and at other leading institutions. The StayWell Company, LLC, is an investor in Doctella. Start your journey to better, safer care at http://www.doctella.com. Media contact Barbara Tabor, APR / 651-230-9192 / barbara(at)taborPR(dot)com For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13847126.htm Latest News IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Tyson Foods, Inc. and Reminds Investors with to Contact the Firm Pepsico and 21st Century Fox Announce “The Search For Hidden Figures” Contest to Discover Emerging Female Visionaries in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Pepsico and 21st Century Fox Announce “The Search For Hidden Figures” Contest to Discover Emerging Female Visionaries in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Fordham Westchester Celebrates 40th Anniversary It’s a New Day : Time Warner Cable is Now Spectrum New General Council and Chief Compliance Officer Mark Eide to Join ECA Marketing VisualVault Expands Its Strategic Business Partner Program in Latin America With Signing of Intelidata Her Universe and ThinkGeek Team Up to Create the Ultimate 50th Anniversary Star Trek Fashion Collection for the Holidays Swarm Technologies and The Realm of Caring Foundation Announce Strategic Partnership to Support Clinical Research in Cannabinoid Therapy AMIA Unveils 2017 Policy Priorities, Defines Pillars of New Policy Domain © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Celebrex poses less heart risks, according to study Share Tweet Email 0 NEXT LG G5 Gets Android 7.0 Nougat Update in Korea | US, India Very Soon Latinpost Facebook Latinpost Twitter Latinpost Google+ Latinpost instagram Latinpost RSS Tuesday, November 15, 2016 | Updated at 12:34 PM ET Latin Issues & ImmigrationLatin Issues & Immigration Latin EntrepreneursLatin Entrepreneurs Latin EntertainmentLatin Entertainment Latin Life & CultureLatin Life & Culture Latin StatisticsLatin Statistics Home US&World Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break Sections X Home US&WORLD Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Real Estate Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break LATEST NEWS Donald Trump's great pink wall to divide Mexico from the USNovember 15 12:26 PM EST Russell Wilson's support and investment to bring back NBA/NHL arena in SeattleNovember 15 05:36 AM EST Skywatchers Are all Excited to Witness the Record-breaking Supermoon after 68 years tonight!November 14 03:10 AM EST Excruciatingly close to success, Beagle 2 Mars Probe didn't crashNovember 14 12:26 AM EST Newegg and HEB Black Friday 2016 Ad Posted!November 14 12:16 AM EST Apparel brand Nasty Gal files for bankruptcyNovember 13 02:46 PM EST GameStop Black Friday 2016 ad released, a long shopping streak awaits shoppersNovember 13 02:04 PM EST Advertisement Celebrex poses less heart risks, according to study By Debabrata Sabud (staff@latinpost.com) First Posted: Nov 14, 2016 04:47 AM EST Share This Tweet This Celebrex is an NSAID that relieves arthritis pain, stiffness, and inflammation. (Photo : Getty Images/Rick Friedman) Share This Tweet This A new study gives some relief to arthritis patients who want pain relief but are worried about its side effect.The study of arthritis drugs found that Pfizer Inc.'s painkiller Celebrex  posed no higher risk to a patient's heart than some other prescription pain pills that are much together on the stomach. According to two different analyses on 24,000- patient study, patients assigned to take Celebrex suffered numerically fewer heart-related problem, heart attacks, and strokes than naproxen and ibuprofen. Dr. Michael Lauer, a cardiologist at the National Institute of Health said it a very 'striking finding' Advertisement The drugs seemed miraculous when they were first introduced in 1999. But due to the allegation from Merck clinical trial that the drug increased the risk of heart diseases, and the company pulled it off the market in 2004, reported by The State. The researchers during the trial 188 of the celecoxib patients (2.3 percent) died of heart disease or had a heart attack, compared with 201 patients taking naproxen and 218 patients taking ibuprofen. The patients taking ibuprofen had worsening kidney function, increased high blood pressure and had significantly more gastrointestinal bleeding and ulcers. According to New York Times, there were 25 percent more total deaths with naproxen than celecoxib- 163 with naproxen compared with 132 with celecoxib. And the celecoxib was intended to avoid bleeding problems as well. The other outcome of the study could not consider proof of harm, though they did warrant of further study, emphasized by Dr. Steven Nissen, who directed the study of Cleveland Clinic. Advertisement "Celecoxib is safer. If you need to be on it for more than a couple of months. I would think strongly about celecoxib", reported by Dr. Blaha  The study has some real weaknesses, said by Dr. Elliott M. Antman. He argued that minority of patients had documented heart disease who are most worrisome.Making it hard to interpret the real data.     SEE ALSO Larger "supermoon" to loom over skies on November 14 Chocolates galore! Eating more can improve 'brain function', says study [VIDEO] New Delhi currently under smog, toxic polluted air envelop India's capital TagsPain killer, Celebrex, Heart attack, drugs Advertisement Advertisement © 2015 Latin Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement ENTERTAINMENT Toblerone shape change Toblerone chocolate Disney Star Jenna Ortega Looks to Inspire Young Latinas With 'Stuck in the Middle' Role Disney Channel's newest star is adding diversity to the channel and empowering girls her age through her lead role in "Stuck in the Middle." First Look at Becky G & the Cast of 'Power Rangers' Latino Oriented Accounts You Should Be Following on Social Media 5 Iconic Latinas Who Have Inspired Female Stars Today H&M Presents Collection Starring Diverse Group of Models Why Star Wars Prequel 'Rogue One' Is the Most Anticipated Film of 2016 CULTURE Amy Gutmann Time In kids Johnny Depp reconciles with ex-wife, Vanessa Paradis, after divorce from Amber Heard? Johnny Depp has sought comfort with his ex-wife Vanessa Paradis after a messy divorce with Amber Heard. Toblerone is getting a makeover; Is it worth it? Black Friday 2016's fabulous sales and deals Russian government gives Steven Seagal citizenship Atletico Lineup for Real Sociedad Showdown Awaits Heavy drinking will have series of consequences later in life Pacquiao-Vargas: Who will dominate the ring? From our partner Actress Lupita Tovar has Passed Away at Age 106 Caffeine-Free: 6 Foods That Naturally Boost Your Energy Teacher Tells Latinx Students Their Parents Will be Deported: They "Gotta Go and They Gonna Leave You" President Obama Urges Trump to Send "Signals of Unity" to People of Color, Muslims and Women Subscribe to LatinPost! Sign up for our free weekly newsletter for the latest in-depth coverage! Close Advertisement 1 Mexico-based Startup Platzi is Teaching Professional Skills to Latin America One Subscriber at a Time - How This Can Increase Employment Opportunities for Latinos 2 Latinos Helping Latinos: Camino Financial Helps Business Owners Get Loans Up to $500K 3 John Leguizamo's Media Marketing Startup is Expanding with New Full-Scale Production Studios 4 $350,000 Raised for Chicago Paleta Vendor, 89, After His Photo and Story Go Viral 5 Run a Startup Accelerator? Here's How to Compete for $50,000 in Gov. Funding from the Small Business Administration 6 Here's What Makes a Good Location for Latino Entrepreneurs to Start a Successful Business Advertisement Our Picks Jose Fernandez's Fatal Boat Accident: Marlins' Star Pitcher was set to Become First Time Father With Girlfriend Carla Mendoza Satanic Afterschool Clubs Targeting American Elementary Schools Closure for Fidencio Sanchez: $389,290 Check Given to Chicago Paleta Vendor, 89, as Fundraising Campaign Ends Dianey Santos, Mom of Two Girls, Shot Dead at Bus Stop in June; Now, LA Police Announce $50,000 Reward Public Masturbation Not a Crime, Italy Supreme Court Rules - What About in the U.S.? Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Net Worth Upon News of Divorce – Their Endorsement Deals and Yearly Earnings FULL TRANSCRIPT of Barack Obama's United Nations 2016 Speech – Watch Video of General Assembly Address - Sept. 20 Scientists Experiment Finds Egg Not Needed To Reproduce Mice; Childbirth Next? John Oliver from 'Last Week Tonight' Wins Emmy for Outstanding Variety; Host Searches for Beyonce, Talks Donald Trump Domestic Terrorism in NY and NJ? Bombing Locations for Weekend Explosions and Suspect Investigation 'Sully' Movie Review Roundup: A Look Into Tom Hanks' Latest Film, $35.5 Million Opening Weekend ‘Modern Family’ Season 8 Spoilers & Release Day – Haley Finds Herself, Sofia’s Business Takes off and Lily is Growing Up Should Your Intimate Friendship Be Considered an Emotional Affair? 4-Year-Old Starts Sex Change Before Kindergarten Latina Virginia Teen Worker Left With 'We Only Tip Citizens' Receipt, Couple Banned Sex and Porn Addiction Rising, Effects Could be Devastating: Report New Texas State Gun Law Allows College Students to Legally Arm Themselves on Campus Grounds Don’t miss it! Politics TURNOUT: Latina Congressional Candidate Dolly Elizondo Hopes to Break Glass Ceiling in Lone Star State Politics TURNOUT: Mexican-American Ruben Kihuen Hopes to Bring Progressive Work Ethic to Congress Politics TURNOUT: Lucy Flores Fights to Solve Issues Affecting Hard-Working Families LATIN POST TV more video  Rogue One New Trailer Suspenses Viewers Iowa Flooding Map and Rainfall Pattern (Satellite Video) Quejas Contra Trump en el Sur de California - Costa Mesa, Santa Ana Punto de Quiebra, el Trailer en EspaÃ±ol: Aguante las Olas REEL SALAZARS - Movie Reviews Entertainment Exclusive Interview: Yul Vasquez Talks about the Family Environment on 'The Infiltrator' Entertainment Metropolitan Opera 2015-16 Review: Sondra Radvanovsky, Elina Garanca & Superstar Cast Deliver Searing Vocal Drama Entertainment Review: Krisha's Fantastic Editing Puts Viewers on Increasing Edge Latin Post Tweets by @https://twitter.com/Latin_Post Categories US&Politics Laws&Immigration Biz&Economy Life&Culture Tech Entertainment YouTube News Sports Categories About us Privacy Policy Contact us Topics Jobs Latin Post Style Guide Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google + RSS FacebookTwitter
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Arthritis Drug Celebrex Is Safe For Heart Health: Study 13 November 2016, 10:35 pm EST By Alyssa Navarro Tech Times Health - Tips For A Longer And Healthier LifeNow Playing Obesity - Five Surprising CausesNow Playing Diabetes - Five Things To KnowNow Playing Beating Cancer The Natural WayNow Playing How To Beat Obesity And Lose WeightNow Playing A new study has found that Pfizer Inc.'s arthritis drug Celebrex poses no higher danger to heart health when compared to its rivals, Ibuprofen and Naproxen. The findings challenge the common belief that the rival drugs provide superior cardiovascular health safety, researchers said.  ( Tim Boyle | Getty Images ) Advertisement After 10 years of research, scientists have affirmed the heart safety of Pfizer Inc.'s arthritis drug Celebrex (celecoxib), providing evidence that it is no more likely to cause stroke or heart attacks than its rivals. The arthritis drugs Celebrex, Ibuprofen and Naproxen are part of a group of painkillers known as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS). All pain killers work by preventing the production of the enzyme that triggers inflammation. In 2004, concerns toward the safety of Celebrex for the heart emerged when another pain killer named Vioxx was pulled off the market by pharmaceutical company Merck. Back then, evidence suggested that Vioxx had increased the likelihood of heart attacks among patients with arthritis. Safe For Heart Health Now, a large-scale study discovered that Celebrex does not pose higher risk of stroke, heart attack or other cardiovascular problems compared to Ibuprofen and Naproxen. Dr. Steven Nissen, lead researcher of the report and a cardiologist at Cleveland Clinic, said findings indicate that Celebrex is less likely to cause side effects such as gastrointestinal or kidney problems than its rivals. The 10-year clinical trial involved around 24,000 patients who took Celebrex, Ibuprofen or Naproxen for 20 months on average, and were followed for the next 14 months. All arthritis patients either had existing cardiovascular disease or were at greater risk. About a third of the participants were given 100 milligrams of Celebrex twice per day, a third received 600 milligrams of ibuprofen thrice a day, and the rest received 375 milligrams of naproxen twice per day. Nissen and his colleagues affirmed that those on Celebrex fared no worse than those on naproxen and ibuprofen when heart disease complications are considered. "These findings challenge the widely held view that naproxen provides superior cardiovascular safety," said Nissen. Limitations Of The Study The results of the research may help patients reconsider their NSAID pain relievers, particularly for those who take arthritis drugs more frequently and in larger doses, authors of the study said. Nissen advised arthritis patients with severe pain to weigh the benefits of pain relievers versus the potential hazards. He said users should take the lowest possible dosage to avoid side effects. "Everyone on the planet takes these drugs," said Nissen. In fact, at least 70 percent of elderly in the United States take NSAIDS once a week. Meanwhile, the research does contain several limitations. For instance, about 27 percent of patients left the trial before it was determined whether they experienced side effects, and another 68 percent discontinued the use of Celebrex. Additionally, the dose of Celebrex given to patients because of countries' regulations is lower than the amount that patients in other studies have received. Past studies have shown the cardiovascular complications increase along with the dosage. Details of the report are published in the New England Journal of Medicine. TAG Pfizer, heart, Arthritis, ibuprofen, Celebrex © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Brain Region Responsible For Placebo Effect In Pain Relief Identified Not Just Gluten: Other Proteins In Wheat Can Cause Upset Stomach And Trigger Chronic Health Conditions Swiss Doctors Use Nose Cartilage To Repair Knee Joint Injuries In First-In-Human Trial FDA Grants Roche’s Giant Cell Arteritis Drug Actemra Breakthrough Status Painkillers Like Ibuprofen And Ketorolac May Raise Heart Failure Risk By Up To 83 Percent From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 2 Video Games Where To Buy The NES Classic Edition Now That It's Sold Out? Here Are Your Options 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 5 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 6 Space Supermoon 2016: Here Are The Best Photos Of The Supermoon Snapped Around The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Medicine Statin Use Can Help Lower Death Risk For Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis And Psoriatic Arthritis: Study 9 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 10 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years EDITOR'S PICKS Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Pharmaceuticals industry GSK tops list of drug firms improving global access to medicine Company heads list compiled by Access to Medicine, which monitors pharmaceutical industry’s efforts to spread healthcare GlaxoSmithKline’s building in west London. Photograph: Ben Stansall/AFP/Getty Images Julia Kollewe Monday 14 November 2016 04.35 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger GlaxoSmithKline has come top of a league table that monitors the availability of medicine in developing countries, with fellow UK drugmaker AstraZeneca making it into the top 10. The non-profit Access to Medicine foundation, which compiles the biennial index of drug companies, warned that while the availability of medicines is improving, the industry needs to do more on affordable pricing and the fight against corruption. Jayasree Iyer, executive director of the foundation, said: “Now is the time to step up those efforts.” Overall, drugmakers have 850 products on the market for the 51 worst diseases in low and middle-income countries. They are developing another 420. But only 5% of products are covered by pricing strategies that were deemed affordable for different population groups within countries. Iyer said there was no area where drugmakers had gone backwards, but noted that affordable pricing and misconduct were “static”. Breaches of laws or codes relating to corruption, unethical marketing and anti-competitive behaviour continue to arise. GSK came first in the rankings for the fifth time, followed by Johnson & Johnson of the US, Swiss company Novartis and German group Merck. AstraZeneca jumped from 15th to seventh position after introducing a new affordability-based pricing strategy and expanding its Healthy Heart Africa programme, which aims to treat 10 million people for hypertension, or high blood pressure, over the next decade. The company was in sixth place in 2008 but then fell behind in several areas. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Access to Medicine Index. Photograph: Access to Medicine Foundation GSK accounted for the most research and development projects in areas of great need but with low commercial incentive, followed by AbbVie and Johnson & Johnson. The British drugmaker also topped the index for considering affordability when setting prices. Its top ranking came despite a damaging bribery scandal in China in 2014, for which it was fined £300m. The scandal prompted the company to overhaul its sales practices. Iyer expressed some concern about GSK chief executive Sir Andrew Witty’s departure next March and what it could mean for the company’s efforts. He will be succeeded by Emma Walmsley, who currently runs GSK’s consumer healthcare business. The index assesses the world’s 20 largest pharmaceutical companies on a range of measures, including their willingness to discount prices in poor countries, research on neglected tropical diseases, lobbying, patent policies, breaches of codes of conduct, corruption or bribery, transparency and conduct in clinical trials. The Access to Medicine foundation is funded by the UK and Dutch governments and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. It says its framework is used by companies to draw up access to medicine strategies. More news Topics Pharmaceuticals industry GlaxoSmithKline AstraZeneca Ethical business Health More… Drugs Healthcare industry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Pharmaceuticals industry Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Pipeline Assessment, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 14, 2016, 21:18 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bacterial conjunctivitis is a commonly encountered eye problem across the world, caused by various bacterial strains such as streptococci, staphylococci, chlamydial, and gonococci organisms. Majority of the cases of bacterial conjunctivitis are self-limited and acute and not a major cause of morbidity. This study provides market analysis for various antibacterial drug classes used for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. The stakeholders of this study comprise established pharmaceutical companies involved in the commercialization of antibacterial drugs as well as new participants who wish to enter the U.S. market. This market study provides a complete analysis of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. and helps in identifying various market governing factors. The market overview section provides exhaustive information of the incidence rate of bacterial conjunctivitis, list of API manufacturers, patent challenges, market trends such as drivers, restraints, and growth opportunities that currently control the dynamics of the overall market. The section also recommends and predicts the future conditions of the market. Market strategy tools such as event impact assessment and Porter's Five Forces analysis have also been incorporated in this report to provide balanced analysis about the level of competition within the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. Executive summary provided in the report encapsulates comprehensive insights about every segment considered in this study. Besides, it includes a market snapshot, which offers a glimpse into the current scenario of the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. in terms of current and future market size along cumulative growth rate. Additionally, this study includes a regulatory framework segment wherein the overall regulatory scenario of the U.S. drugs policy has been described. Participant analysis tools such as market share analysis have also been included in the market overview section of the report to deliver a broad spectrum of the overall market scenario in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. The bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. has been segmented based on various antibacterial drug classes. The market is segmented into major types of antibacterial drugs such as fluoroquinolones, aminoglycosides, macrolides, and others. The fluoroquinolones segment has been sub-segmented into ciprofloxacin, ofloxacin, levofloxacin, moxifloxacin, gatifloxacin, and besifloxacin. Aminoglycosides has been sub-segmented into tobramycin and gentamycin. Macrolides has been divided into erythromycin and azithromycin. The others segment is analyzed cumulatively, considering bacitracin, fusidic acid and ceftriaxone within this class. The market size for the period from 2012 to 2024 has been provided for each of the major drug classes mentioned above in terms of USD million. Along with the market size that were projected considering 2013 as the base year and 2012 as the historical year, the CAGR (%) of each market segment for the forecast period from 2012 to 2018 and 2018 to 2024 have also been provided. The report concludes with detailed profiles of leading players in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs (antibacterials) market in the U.S. The study profiles the companies in terms of overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. Major organizations profiled in this report include Actavis plc, Akorn, Inc., Bayer AG, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company plc, Pfizer, Inc., Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. Additionally, market share analysis that has been provided in context with the major pharmaceuticals operating in the market would help new participants to understand the key business perceptions and frameworks and to identify the specific product lines of the existing companies to establish a strong foothold in the bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market in the U.S. The U.S. bacterial conjunctivitis drugs market is segmented as follows: U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, by Drug Class Fluoroquinolones Ciprofloxacin Ofloxacin Levofloxacin Moxifloxacin Gatifloxacin Besifloxacin Aminoglycosides Tobramycin Gentamycin Macrolides Erythromycin Azithromycin Others U.S. Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market, Pipeline Assessment Vancomycin Ophthalmic Ointment Early Stage (Phase I and Phase II trials) – Tabular Representation Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04002255-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bacterial-conjunctivitis-drugs-market---us-industry-analysis-pipeline-assessment-size-share-growth-trends-and-forecast-2012---2024-300362668.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Nov 14, 2016, 21:21 ET Preview: Cyber Security: Technologies and Global Markets Nov 14, 2016, 21:16 ET Preview: Intracranial Pressure Monitors Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 - 2023 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 14, 2016, 22:13 ETNorth America Medical Imaging Information Systems Market Outlook... Nov 14, 2016, 22:12 ETGlobal Accident & Emergency Partnering 2010 to 2016 Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Bacterial Conjunctivitis Drugs Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Pipeline Assessment, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2012 - 2024 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 14, 2016, 21:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
News Specialties CME / CE Collections Medical News Latest Medical News Health Policy Practice Management Public Health Washington Watch Meeting Coverage Blogs & Columns Specialties Allergy & Immunology Anesthesiology Cardiology Critical Care Dermatology Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Gastroenterology Genetics Geriatrics HIV / AIDS Hospital-Based Medicine Infectious Disease Nephrology Neurology Nursing OB / GYN Oncology / Hematology Ophthalmology Orthopedics Pain Management Pathology Pediatrics Primary Care Psychiatry Pulmonology Radiology Rheumatology Surgery Transplantation Urology Continuing Medical Education CME / CE Clinical Context State Required CME Graduate Medical Education CME Tracker Mastery Of Medicine Collections AGA Reading Room ASCO Reading Room Surveys Quizzes Special Reports Sign Up Log In Sign Up Log In Search Putting Vision Professionals on Athlete's Team NIH Program Director Talks Team Work to Tackle ME-CFS Lower Death Risk Seen with Statins in AS, PsA Diabetes Screening Lags for Asian Americans cme/ce NASH Treatment Leaps One Hurdle LATEST MEDICAL NEWS Cardiology cme/ce AHA: After Stenting in Afib, Xarelto-Based Anticoagulation Reduces Bleeding Low-dose rivaroxaban strategies also reduced rehospitalizations MedpageToday savesaved register today Earn Free CME Credits by reading the latest medical news in your specialty.sign up by Nicole Lou Reporter, MedPage Today/CRTonline.org November 14, 2016 Action Points Note that this randomized trial of anticoagulants in the setting of PCI among patients with atrial fibrillation find that the direct acting agent rivaroxaban had lower bleeding risk than warfarin. Stroke rates were similar between the two groups, however. NEW ORLEANS -- After stenting patients with atrial fibrillation (Afib), a course of rivaroxaban (Xarelto) -- in combination with either a P2Y12 inhibitor or dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) -- was safer than a warfarin-DAPT combination, a late-breaking trial showed. At 1 year, clinically-significant bleeding was less frequent on rivaroxaban plus a P2Y12 inhibitor than with warfarin/DAPT (16.8% versus 26.7%, HR 0.59, 95% CI 0.47-0.76), the PIONEER AF-PCI investigators found. Bleeding was also less common among those who got a triple therapy regimen of rivaroxaban, a P2Y12 inhibitor, and aspirin (18.0% versus 26.7%, HR 0.63, 95% CI 0.50-0.80). However, the composite outcome of cardiac death, MI, and stroke was equally likely among groups (6.5% for rivaroxaban/single antiplatelet versus 5.6% for triple therapy versus 6.0% for warfarin/DAPT, P=N.S.), as was stent thrombosis (0.8% versus 0.9% versus 0.7%, P=N.S.), C. Michael Gibson, MD, of Boston's Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, told the audience at a late-breaking clinical trial session at the annual American Heart Association meeting here. But despite the similar efficacy rates, "the observed broad confidence intervals diminish the surety of any conclusions regarding efficacy," Gibson's group cautioned in the paper simultaneously published online in the New England Journal of Medicine. In particular, when compared to warfarin/DAPT, stroke was not less common with rivaroxaban and a single P2Y12 inhibitor (HR 1.07, 95% CI 0.39-2.96) or with triple therapy (HR 1.36, 95% CI 0.52-3.58). However, "this trial does not establish noninferiority of rivaroxaban-based strategies vs vitamin K antagonists for stroke prevention," argued discussant Philippe Gabriel Steg, MD, of Hôpital Bichat in Paris, citing the wide confidence intervals for stroke. The PIONEER AF-PCI trial included 2,124 participants with nonvalvular Afib who had been stented. Patients were randomized to three groups: low-dose rivaroxaban (15 mg once daily) plus a P2Y12 inhibitor -- clopidogrel (Plavix) for more than 80%, or less commonly ticagrelor (Brilinta) or prasugrel (Effient) -- for 12 months; a "baby-dose" of rivaroxaban (2.5 mg twice daily) plus DAPT for 1, 6, or 12 months; or standard therapy with warfarin (once daily) plus DAPT for 1, 6, or 12 months. In a separate post hoc analysis of the trial published in Circulation, combined all-cause mortality or hospitalization was reduced in the rivaroxaban groups compared to the warfarin control, with an advantage in both the low-dose group (34.9% versus 41.9%, HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.66-0.94, number needed to treat=15) and the "baby-dose" group (31.9% versus 41.9%, HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.62-0.90, number needed to treat=10). "This paper may be one of those rare circumstances where the secondary post hoc analysis is more insightful than the primary pre-specified analysis, having both greater statistical power and a more clinically relevant endpoint. Of course, from a statistical point of view this may be viewed as a heretical stance, but physicians in actual practice need to make complex decisions with the best available data," Deepak L. Bhatt, MD, MPH, of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, wrote in an accompanying editorial in Circulation. "From the PIONEER data to date, there seem to be significant benefits from abandoning the strategy of full dose triple therapy, with no apparent downside," he concluded. "For the time being, in patients not in clinical trials, full dose oral triple therapy with dual antiplatelet agents and full dose anticoagulation should be avoided as a routine practice." The trial had several limitations, its authors acknowledged. "First, the secondary analyses showed that the efficacy of each of the two doses of rivaroxaban was similar to that of standard therapy. However, the number of secondary efficacy end points in this study was small, and the trial was not powered to definitively establish either superiority or noninferiority." And because the rivaroxaban dose was reduced but not that of warfarin/DAPT, Steg asked: "Is this a fair comparison?" Furthermore, DAPT duration was a major potential confounder. "Stratification to 1, 6, or 12 months of DAPT was based on clinician choice, and patients were not randomly assigned to a duration of DAPT. As might be expected, patient characteristics were imbalanced across the strata of DAPT durations and within each stratum of DAPT durations across the three treatment groups," according to Gibson and colleagues. The study was funded by Janssen and Bayer. Gibson declared receiving grant support from Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Johnson & Johnson, Angel Medical Corporation, Bayer, CSL Behring, Ikaria, Portola Pharmaceuticals, Stealth Peptides, and St. Jude Medical; as well as receiving personal fees from The Medicines Company, Boston Clinical Research Institute, Cardiovascular Research Foundation, Eli Lilly, Gilead, Novo Nordisk, Pfizer, WebMD, and UpToDate in Cardiovascular Medicine. Steg reported receiving research grants from Merck, Servier, Sanofi; and speaking/consulting for Amarin, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Boehringer-Ingelheim, Bristol Myers Squibb, CSL-Behring, Daiichi Sankyo-Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Regeneron, Sanofi, Servier, The Medicines Company. Bhatt disclosed relationships with Cardax, Elsevier Practice Update Cardiology, Medscape Cardiology, Regado Biosciences, Boston VA Research Institute, Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care, American Heart Association Quality Oversight Committee, Duke Clinical Research Institute, Harvard Clinical Research Institute, Mayo Clinic, Population Health Research Institute, American College of Cardiology, Belvoir Publications, Duke Clinical Research Institute, Harvard Clinical Research Institute, HMP Communications, Journal of the American College of Cardiology, Population Health Research Institute, Slack Publications, Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care, WebMD, Clinical Cardiology, NCDR-ACTION Registry Steering Committee, VA CART Research and Publications Committee, Amarin, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eisai, Ethicon, Forest Laboratories, Ischemix, Medtronic, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi Aventis, The Medicines Company, Elsevier, Biotronik, Boston Scientific, St. Jude Medical, FlowCo, PLx Pharma, and Takeda. Reviewed by F. Perry Wilson, MD, MSCE Assistant Professor, Section of Nephrology, Yale School of Medicine and Dorothy Caputo, MA, BSN, RN, Nurse Planner 2016-11-14T14:00:00-0500 Primary Source The New England Journal of Medicine Source Reference: Gibson CM, et al "Bleeding prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing PCI" New Engl J Med 2016; DOI: 10.1056/NEJMoa1611594. Secondary Source American Heart Association Source Reference: Steg PG "PIONEER AF-PCI: should we change practice?" AHA 2016. Additional Source Circulation Source Reference: Gibson CM, et al "Recurrent hospitalization among patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing intracoronary stenting treated with 2 treatment strategies of rivaroxaban or a dose-adjusted oral vitamin K antagonist treatment stratetgy" Circulation 2016. Bhatt DL "O PIONEERs! The beginning of the end of full dose triple therapy with warfarin?" Circulation 2016. take posttest 0 comments Next More in Cardiology Low-Dose NOAC Safer for Anti-Clotting Regimen After Stenting in Afib CMS to Cover Leadless Pacemakers ... But Only in Studies Two Not Better Than One for Mammary Artery Grafts? AHA: FFR-Guided Tx Raises Safety Concerns in FUTURE Trial AHA: After Stenting in Afib, Xarelto-Based Anticoagulation Reduces Bleeding Stronger Antiplatelet Not Better in PAD AHA: Brilinta No Better Than Plavix for PAD Angiomax Edges Heparin on Real-World Bleeding Complications Next Article MedPageToday is a trusted and reliable source for clinical and policy coverage that directly affects the lives and practices of health care professionals. Physicians and other healthcare professionals may also receive Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Continuing Education (CE) credits at no cost for participating in MedPage Today-hosted educational activities. © 2016 MedPage Today, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of the MedPageToday.com terms of use and privacy policy. The material on this site is for informational purposes only, and is not a substitute for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment provided by a qualified health care provider. About Help Center Site Map Advertise with Us
Accessibility Links Skip to CBC accessibility page CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Listen Live White Coat, Black Art with Dr. Brian Goldman Episodes Blog About Contact Episodes Blog Podcast About Contact Monday November 14, 2016 How a Trump presidency could affect health care in Canada U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks at his election night rally in Manhattan, New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (Carlo Allegri/Reuters) Listen 7:36 more stories from this episode How a Trump presidency could affect health care in Canada Noisy hospitals are putting patients at risk. Here's why. Full Episode Donald Trump's surprise victory as U.S. President likely means big changes on the health file in the U.S. During the campaign, he called Canada's health care system a disaster. That got me wondering just how a Trump administration might affect health care in Canada. Obviously, the most immediate impact will be felt in the U.S., where, during the campaign, Trump promised to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act - something Republican leaders in Congress have also pledged. That can't happen until the 115th Congress early in 2017. It won't be a complete repeal for three reasons. First, the Republicans hold 51 seats (barring recounts), well short of the 60 needed to prevent the Democrats from filibuster - effectively shutting Senate business down. Second, it's not one bill but many implementations that run more than 1,000 pages.  Third, and most important, repeal would mean canceling health care for millions of Americans. It would also mean the end of popular provisions of Obamacare that could get lots of pushback from the public. Late last week Trump said he's prepared to keep popular provisions such as providing coverage for pre-existing health conditions and allowing young adults to remain on their parents' plans until age 26. That signals to me he'll keep more of Obamacare than he's letting on. Assuming a complete repeal of Obamacare is unlikely, there are things Trump can do instead. A Congress controlled by Republicans is likely to phase out a planned expansion of Medicaid coverage.Medicaid is the agency that provides health care to Americans who can't afford it.  U.S. federal taxes were supposed to cover much of the cost of the expansion, but that could change under Trump.  Vox estimates that 15 million Americans have signed up for Medicaid coverage since the Obamacare's expansion began. Individual states that can't afford to expand Medicaid can apply for waivers in the rules - for instance, forcing people who receive Medicaid to pay premiums and requiring them to work in order to be eligible. Obama tended to reject these kinds of waivers, but Trump might be different. Trump has also vowed to get rid of red tape. The big thing he has proposed is to pay states a block of cash for Medicaid and allow states manage the money as they see fit.   Prior to the U.S. election, Americans and Canadians saw huge increases in the price of prescription drugs. No one is sure what a Trump administration is likely to do about that. On the one hand, Trump has proposed things that the American people may like but are opposed by drug companies. He is in favour of transparency for drug prices. He wants to import drugs from India and other countries. He wants Medicare (the agency the provides healthcare to U.S. seniors) to negotiate the prices it pays for prescription drugs. He has also promised to do battle with drug company lobbyists.   So why then are shares in drug companies like Pfizer and Merck up substantially? Perhaps it's because whatever populist ideas Trump has will be less onerous to deal with than the proposal of Hillary Clinton to set up a federal task force to evaluate increases in drug prices. According to a recent survey of investors, 80 percent believe that drug pricing reforms won't happen under a Trump administration.   The Zika virus could be another hot file during the Trump presidency. In August, Trump was asked how he would handle the Zika outbreak.  He said Congress should approve additional funding to combat the virus. Trump voiced approval of the plan by local officials in Florida to hand spray affected areas to control the virus.   I am speculating that Trump would also approve of the plan by a county in the Florida Keys to have the British biotech company Oxitec release millions of genetically-modified mosquitoes to combat the virus. The FDA approved a clinical trial in August, but to move forward in a plebiscite.  Last Tuesday, Monroe County voters gave the study its approval. But some communities voted the proposal down. Trump's impact on this situation is unclear. Canadians are watching events unfold in the U.S., and are wondering how might Trump have an impact on health care here in Canada. I think the spill-over effect could be enormous. In voting for Trump, Americans voted for a president who railed against the status quo.  If, under his watch, deregulation leads to faster approval of pharmaceutical drugs and cheaper drug prices because they're imported from countries such as India, there will be enormous pressure on Canada to follow the same path. I think his impact may be even bigger than that. I think we're coming to a time when an articulate politician in Canada could make the case that publicly-funded health care as currently set up has outlived its usefulness.That politician (likely provincial) might state that the provinces should stop being a provider of health care, and let the private sector pick up the slack. Trump is on record approving something called Health Savings Accounts. Basically, this a fund that Americans would contribute to tax-free - with the fund being used to pay for personal health expenditures.   I could see an advocate of private health care in Canada setting up Health Savings Accounts for all citizens regardless of their ability to pay, and providing a means-tested cash infusion to those below a certain income level. To get widespread buy-in and to ease the transition, there would likely be generous tax credits across most income groups. I don't agree with any of the foregoing. I believe that a publicly-funded health care system with the government as the provider of care is the most efficient and fairest system going. However, we'd be mistaken to think Canada's health care system is immune to massive upheaval and an appetite for change. (Note: This is a print and audio version of Dr. Goldman's weekly House Doctor column which airs across Canada on local CBC stations. It does not air on White Coat, Black Art).   Full Episode Next Segment Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Search More From CBC Radio q Celebrating 30 years of Beastie Boys' Licensed to Ill White Coat Black Art How a Trump presidency could affect health care in Canada The Current U.S. drone warfare needs more oversight and controls, says lawyer Checkup 'A real master of the craft:' Toronto musician Aaron Lightstone on Leonard Cohen Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
For full functionality, it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. MNT - Hourly Medical News Since 2003 Sign in News by email Signing up is FREE, FAST and SIMPLE. Begin by entering your email address below. Join tens of thousands of doctors, health professionals and patients who receive our newsletters. Tailored for the health areas that matter to you. Daily or weekly emails with only the content you want. Sign me up We value your privacy Learn more about our commitment to protecting your privacy. A - B Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Abortion Acid Reflux / GERD Addiction ADHD / ADD Aid / Disasters Alcohol / Illegal Drugs Allergy Alternative Medicine Alzheimer's / Dementia Anxiety / Stress Arthritis / Rheumatology Asbestos / Mesothelioma Asthma Autism Back Pain Bio-terrorism / Terrorism Biology / Biochemistry Bipolar Bird Flu / Avian Flu Blood / Hematology Body Aches Bones / Orthopedics Breast Cancer C - D Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Cancer / Oncology Cardiovascular / Cardiology Caregivers / Homecare Cervical Cancer / HPV Vaccine Cholesterol CJD / vCJD / Mad Cow Disease Cleft Palate Clinical Trials / Drug Trials Colorectal Cancer Complementary Medicine Compliance Conferences COPD Cosmetic Medicine Crohn's Cystic Fibrosis Dentistry Depression Dermatology Diabetes Drug Approvals Dyslexia E - G Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Ear, Nose and Throat Eating Disorders Ebola Eczema / Psoriasis Emergency Medicine Endocrinology Epilepsy Erectile Dysfunction Eye Health / Blindness Fertility Fibromyalgia Flu / Cold / SARS Food Intolerance GastroIntestinal Genetics Gout Gynecology H - L Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Headache / Migraine Health Insurance Hearing / Deafness Heart Disease HIV / AIDS Huntingtons Disease Hypertension Immune System / Vaccines Infectious Diseases Inflammatory Bowel Disease Irritable Bowel Syndrome IT / Internet / E-mail Litigation Liver Disease / Hepatitis Lung Cancer Lupus Lymphology / Lymphedema Lymphoma / Leukemia M - O Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Medical Devices / Diagnostics Medical Innovation Medical Malpractice Medical Practice Management Medical Students / Training Medicare / Medicaid / SCHIP Melanoma / Skin Cancer Men's Health Menopause Mental Health MRI / PET / Ultrasound MRSA / Drug Resistance Multiple Sclerosis Muscular Dystrophy / ALS Myeloma Neurology / Neuroscience Nursing / Midwifery Nutrition / Diet Obesity / Weight Loss / Fitness Ovarian Cancer P - R Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Pain / Anesthetics Palliative Care / Hospice Care Pancreatic Cancer Parkinson's Disease Pediatrics / Children's Health Personal Monitoring Pharma / Biotech Industry Pharmacy / Pharmacist Plastic Surgery Pregnancy / Obstetrics Premature Ejaculation Preventive Medicine Primary Care / General Practice Prostate / Prostate Cancer Psychology / Psychiatry Public Health Pulmonary System Radiology / Nuclear Medicine Regulatory Affairs Rehabilitation Respiratory Restless Legs Syndrome S - Z Click to discover in-depth, condition-specific articles written by our in-house team. Sign up for our newsletter Prefer your news delivered by email? Schizophrenia Seniors / Aging Sexual Health / STDs Sleep / Sleep Disorders Smoking / Quit Smoking Sports Medicine / Fitness Statins Stem Cell Research Stroke Surgery Swine Flu Transplants / Organ Donations Tropical Diseases Tuberculosis Urology / Nephrology Vascular Veterans / Ex-Servicemen Veterinary Viruses / Bacteria Water - Air Quality / Agriculture Wearable Technology Women's Health Search Opinions --- Our top categories   - Blood / Hematology   - Bones / Orthopedics   - Cardiovascular / Cardiology   - Complementary Medicine   - Depression   - Dermatology   - Ear, Nose and Throat   - GastroIntestinal   - Infectious Diseases   - Men's Health   - Neurology / Neuroscience   - Nutrition / Diet   - Pain / Anesthetics   - Pregnancy / Obstetrics   - Public Health   - Sexual Health / STDs   - Sports Medicine / Fitness   - Urology / Nephrology   - Vascular   - Women's Health --- View all categories Categories MNT - Hourly medical news since 2003 Search Opinions Categories Conferences ▼ 2nd Annual Advances in Immuno-Oncology Congress, 15-16 May 2017, London Adapted Media Release Published: Monday 14 November 2016 Published: Mon 14 Nov 2016 email Registration is open for Oxford Global's 2nd Annual Advances in Immuno-Oncology Congress. Oxford Global are pleased to announce the return of the Advances in Immuno-Oncology Congress. Taking place on 15-16 May 2017 the congress will attract over 200 senior level attendees and will showcase 35+ presentations and case studies focusing on the key developments in Immuno-Oncology with specific reference to the discovery of therapeutic areas, pre-clinical and clinical studies, screening, assays and modelling. Across the two days there will be presentations and case studies from 4 interactive streams: Discovery of Immuno-Oncology Therapies Pre-clinical Immuno-Oncology Screening, Assays and Modelling in Immuno-Oncology Immuno-Oncology: Therapeutic Approaches, Clinical Research and Clinical Trials Congress Highlights Include: Discover the theranostic potential of membrane hsp70 in oncology with Graham Pockley, CEO, Multimmune Hear about how it is possible to use genetically engineered mouse models to test human cancer immunotherapies from Regeneron Discuss pre-clinical mouse models and the innate immune response with Elaine Pinhiero, Principal Scientist, In Vivo Pharmacology - Immuno-Oncology, Merck Explore the impact of immuno-oncology on business with Anne Altmeyer, Vice President, Business Development, Negotiations, Baxalta If you would like to download the conference programme, which includes the full line up of speakers, please click here. Hear delegate feedback from our 9th Annual Proteins & Antibodies Congress by viewing our video testimonials. Further information and registration options: If you would like further information regarding this congress or information on registration prices, please contact Danielle Dalby today on +44 (0) 1865 248455 or email d.dalby@oxfordglobal.co.uk Click the stars to rate this article 2nd Annual Advances in Immuno-Oncology Congress, 15-16 May 2017, London Public / Patient Not yet rated Health Professionals Not yet rated Ratings require JavaScript to be enabled. 0 0 email email print References Additional information Citations These tabs require JavaScript to be enabled. Source: Oxford Global Visit our Conferences category page for the latest news on this subject, or sign up to our newsletter to receive the latest updates on Conferences. Please use one of the following formats to cite this article in your essay, paper or report: MLA Global, Oxford. "2nd Annual Advances in Immuno-Oncology Congress, 15-16 May 2017, London." Medical News Today. MediLexicon, Intl., 14 Nov. 2016. Web. 15 Nov. 2016. <http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/314097.php> APA Global, O. (2016, November 14). "2nd Annual Advances in Immuno-Oncology Congress, 15-16 May 2017, London." Medical News Today. Retrieved from http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/314097.php. Please note: If no author information is provided, the source is cited instead. Contact our news editors For any corrections of factual information, or to contact our editorial team, please see our contact page. Please note: Any medical information published on this website is not intended as a substitute for informed medical advice and you should not take any action before consulting with a health care professional. For more information, please read our terms of use. Copyright Medical News Today: Excluding email/sharing services explicitly offered on this website, material published on Medical News Today may not be reproduced, or distributed without the prior written permission of Medilexicon International Ltd. Please contact us for further details. Most popular in: Conferences Precision Medicine Congress 2017, 25-26 April, London 2nd European Conference on Pharmaceutics, 3 to 4 April 2017, Krakow, Poland Nanomedicine and Drug Delivery May 29-31, 2017 Osaka, Japan, 4th Annual Pharma 2016: Sales & Marketing Excellence Forum, 24th - 25th November 2016, Shanghai 3rd World ADC Awards winners announced MediSens - European Medical Imaging conference, 12-14 December 2016, London 4th Annual MedTech Commercial Leaders Forum, 20th - 22nd February 2017, Zurich Outsourcing in Clinical Trials West Coast, February 22-23, 2017, Burlingame, CTA Knowledge Center Use the box above to jump to a specific page, or visit our Knowledge Center. -- Select a subject -- Abscess (Dental) Achalasia Achilles Tendinitis Acid Reflux Acne Acoustic Neuroma (Vestibular Schwannoma) Acromegaly Actinomicosis Actinomycosis Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Acute Myeloid Leukemia Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome Addiction Addison’s Disease (Primary Adrenal Insufficiency) ADHD Adrenal Fatigue Agoraphobia Air Embolism (Gas Embolism) Albinism Alcohol Poisoning Alcoholic Liver Disease Alcoholism Allergy Alopecia Areata Altitude Sickness (Acute Mountain Sickness) Alzheimer's Disease AMD / Macular Degeneration Amenorrhea Amnesia Amniocentesis Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) Anagen Effluvium Anal Cancer Anal Fissure Anal Itching (Itchy Bottom) Anaphylaxis Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) Anemia Anemia (Vitamin Deficiency) Anesthesiologist Aneurysm Anger Angina Angioedema Anhidrosis (Hypohidrosis) Ankylosing Spondylitis Anorexia Nervosa Anthrax Antimicrobial Resistance Antiphospholipid Syndrome (Hughes Syndrome) Anxiety Aphasia Appendicitis Arrhythmia Arsenic Poisoning Arthritis Asperger Syndrome Asthma Astigmatism Ataxia Atherosclerosis Athlete's Foot Atrial Fibrillation Atrophic Vaginitis (Vaginal Atrophy) Autism Avian Influenza Back Pain Bacterial Vaginosis Baker's Cyst (Popliteal Cyst) Balanitis Baldness Bartholin's Cyst Bed Sores (Pressure Ulcers) Bell's Palsy Binge Eating Disorder Bipolar Disorder Bird Flu Blackheads Bladder Cancer Bladder Stones Blastoma Blepharitis Blisters Body Dysmorphic Disorder Body dysmorphic disorder Body Odor (B.O.) Boils, furuncles, carbuncles Bone Cancer Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) Botulism Brain Abscess (Cerebral Abscess) Breast Cancer Breast Cancer (Male) Breast Lumps Breast Pain (Mastalgia) Bronchiectasis (Bronchiectasia) Bronchitis Bulimia Nervosa Bursitis Cancer Candidiasis Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Carcinoma Cardiovascular Disease Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Cartilage Damage Cataracts Catatonic Schizophrenia Cellulite Cellulitis Cerebral Palsy Cerebrovascular Disease Cervical Cancer Cervical Spondylosis Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Chickenpox Child Abuse Childhood schizophrenia Chlamydia Cholecystitis (Gallbladder Inflammation) Cholera Cholestasis Of Pregnancy (Obstetric Cholestasis) Cholesterol Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) Chronic Kidney Failure Chronic Rhinosinusitis (CRS) Cirrhosis CJD Claustrophobia Clostridium Difficile (C. Difficile) Clubfoot (Talipes Equinovarus) Cluster Headache Cold Sores Colic Colon Cancer Colorectal Cancer Coma (Comatose) Common Cold Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) Concussion Congenital Heart Disease (Congenital Heart Defect) Conjunctivitis (allergic) Conjunctivitis (infective) Constipation COPD, Emphysema Corns / Calluses Coronary Heart Disease (Coronary Artery Disease) Coronavirus Infection Costello Syndrome Cough Crabs (Pubic Lice) Craniosynostosis Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) Cristoporidiosis Crohn's Disease Croup Cryptorchidism (Undescended Testicle) Cushing's Syndrome Cystic Acne Cystic Fibrosis Cystitis Cysts Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Dandruff Dandruff Deep Vein Thrombosis Degenerative Disc Disease Dehydration Delayed ejaculation Dementia Dengue Fever Depersonalization Depression Detached Retina DHT Diabetes Diabetes Insipidus Diabetic Neuropathy Diabetic Retinopathy Diarrhea Diphtheria Discoid Eczema (Nummular Dermatitis) Disorganized Schizophrenia (Hebephrenia) Diverticulitis Double Vision (Diplopia) Down Syndrome Dry Eye Syndrome Dry Mouth (Xerostomia) Dupuytren’s Contracture Dysautonomia Dysentery Dyslexia Dysphagia Dyspraxia Dystonia E.coli Earwax Impaction Ebola Ectopic Pregnancy Eczema Edema Embolism Emphysema Encephalitis Endocarditis Endometriosis Entropion Enuresis - Bedwetting Epidermolysis Bullosa Epiglottitis Epilepsy Epiphora (Watering Eye) Erectile dysfunction Esophageal Cancer Esophagitis Essential Tremor Euthanasia (Assisted Suicide) Exophthalmos (Bulging Eyes) Eye Melanoma (Ocular Melanoma) Fabry Disease Facelift (Rhytidectomy) Farsightedness (Presbyopia) Fatigue Febrile Seizures (Convulsions) Female Genital Mutilation Fever Fibroids Fibromyalgia Flat Feet (Fallen Arches) Flatulence Food Allergy Food Intolerance Fordyce Spots Fracture (Broken Bones) Frostbite Frozen Shoulder Gallstones Gambling Addiction Ganglion Cyst Gangrene Gastroenteritis / Food Poisoning Gaucher's Disease Genital Warts GERD Giardiasis Gilbert Syndrome Gingivitis Glandular Fever Glaucoma Glomerulonephritis Glue Ear Gluten Intolerance / Celiac Disease Goiter (Goitre) Gonorrhea Gout Graves’ Disease Guillain-Barre Syndrome Gum Disease (Gingivitis) Gynecology Gynecomastia Hair Loss / Baldness Halitosis (Bad Breath) Hangover Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis (Hashimoto’s Disease) Hay Fever Head Lice Headaches Hearing Impairment (Deafness) Heart Attack Heart Block (AV Bundle/Bundle Branch Block) Heart Disease Heart Failure Heart risk Heartburn Heat Rash (Prickly Heat) Heat Stroke (Sunstroke) Heel Pain Hemochromatosis Hemophilia Hemroids / Hemorrhoids Hepatitis Hepatitis C Hernia Herpes Hiccups Hiccups (Hiccoughs) High Blood Pressure Hirsutism (Excessive Hairiness) HIV / AIDS Hives Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) HPV infection Huntington's Disease Hydrocephalus (Water On The Brain) Hyperhidrosis (Excessive Sweating) Hyperlipidemia Hypertension (High Blood Pressure) Hyperthyroidism Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Hypochondria Hypoglycemia Hypotension Hypothermia Hypothyroidism Hysterectomy Impacted Wisdom Teeth Impetigo Incontinence (bowel) Incontinence (urinary) Indigestion Infant Jaundice Infertility Inflammation Influenza / Flu Ingrown Toenail Insomnia Interstitial Cystitis Irregular Periods (Oligomenorrhea) Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) Irritable Hip (Acute Transient Synovitis) Japanese Encephalitis Jaundice Jet Lag Kawasaki Disease Ketosis Kidney Cancer Kidney Infection (Pyelonephritis) Kidney Stones Kienbock's disease Lactose Intolerance Laryngeal Cancer (Cancer Of The Larynx) Laryngitis Latex Allergy Lazy Eye Leg Cramps Leg Pain Legionnaires' Disease Leprosy Leptospirosis Leukemia Lichen Planus Listeria Infection (Listeriosis) Liver Cancer Lung Cancer Lupus Lyme Disease Lymph glands Lymphedema Lymphoma Mal De Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) Malaria Male menopause Malnutrition Marfan Syndrome Mastitis Measles Meniere's disease Meningitis Menopause Menorrhagia Mental Health MERS-CoV Mesothelioma Metabolic Syndrome Metatarsalgia (Stone Bruise) Microbiota Microbiome Microcephaly Migraine Miscarriage Moles Molluscum Contagiosum Morning Sickness (Nausea Gravidarum) Morton's Neuroma Motion Sickness (Travel Sickness) Motor Neuron Disease Mouth Cancer MRSA Multiple Myeloma Multiple Sclerosis Mumps Munchausen Syndrome Munchausen Syndrome By Proxy Muscular Dystrophy (MD) Myasthenia Gravis (Goldflam Disease) Nail Fungal Infection Narcissistic Personality Disorder Narcolepsy Nasal Polyps Nausea NDM-1 Necrotizing Fasciitis Neurofibromatosis Neuromyelitis Optica (Devic's Disease) Neuropathy Neurosis Neutropenia Nicotine Dependence (Dangers Of Smoking) Night terrors Noonan Syndrome Norovirus Infection Obesity Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) Occupational Asthma Opioid-Induced Constipation (OIC) Oral Thrush (Babies) Oral Thrush (Oral Candidiasis) Osteoarthritis Osteochondritis Dissecans Osteomyelitis (Bone Infection) Osteopathy Osteoporosis Otitis Externa (Swimmer's Ear) Ovarian Cancer Ovarian Cyst Paget's Disease (Of Bone) Paget's Disease (Of Breast) Pain Painful Intercourse (Dyspareunia) Pancreatic Cancer Pancreatitis (acute) Pancreatitis (chronic) Panic Attacks Panic Attacks Paranoid Schizophrenia Parasites Parkinson's Disease Pelvic Inflammatory Disease Peptic Ulcers Pericarditis Period Pains Periodontitis Peripheral Artery Disease (PAD) Personality Disorders Peyronie’s disease Phobias Piles (Hemorrhoids) Pimples Pinworms (Threadworms) Pleurisy Pneumococcal Disease Pneumonia Poison Ivy Rash Polio Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Polyuria (Frequent Urination) Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) Postherpetic Neuralgia Postpartum Depression Prader-Willi Syndrome Preeclampsia Premature Ejaculation Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) Premenstrual Syndrome (PMS) Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis Progeria Prominent Ears Prostate Cancer Psoriasis Psoriasis Psychosis Pulmonary Edema (Oedema) Pulmonary Embolism Pulmonary hypertension Q Fever Rabies Radiation Sickness (Radiation Poisoning) Ramsay Hunt Syndrome Raynaud's Disease Rectocele (Proctocele) REM Behavior Disorder Repetitive Strain Injury (RSI) Respiratory Syncytial Virus Restless Legs Syndrome Rheumatic Fever Rheumatoid Arthritis Rhinitis, Non-Allergic Rickets Ringworm Rosacea Rubella Ruptured Spleen Salivary Gland Cancer Salmonella Sarcoma SARS Scabies Scarlet Fever (Scarlatina) Schistosomiasis (Bilharzia) Schizoaffective Disorder Schizophrenia Sciatica Scleroderma Scoliosis Scurvy Seasonal Affective Disorder Seborrheic Keratosis Sepsis Sexual Addiction (Nymphomania) Shin Splints Shingles Short Stature (Dwarfism) Sinusitis Sjogren's Syndrome Skin Cancer / Melanoma Skin Tags Slapped Cheek Syndrome Sleep Apnea Sleep Paralysis Social Anxiety Disorder Spina Bifida Spinal Muscular Atrophy Squint (Strabismus) Stomach Cancer (Gastric Cancer) Strep Throat / Sore Throat Stress Stress Incontinence Stretch Marks Stroke Stuttering Stye (Hordeolum) Subarachnoid Hemorrhage Suicidal Thoughts Sunburn Sunscreen Swine Flu Syphilis Systematic reviews Tachycardia (Fast Heart Beat) Takotsubo cardiomyopathy Tapeworms (Cestodes) Teeth Grinding (Bruxism) Tendinitis (Tendonitis) Testicular Cancer Testicular Torsion Tetanus Thalassemia Thyroid Cancer Thyroid Nodules Tinnitus Tiredness / Fatigue Tobacco Smoke Toxins Tonsillitis Tourette Syndrome Toxic Shock Syndrome (TSS) Transient Ischemic Attack transient ischemic attack Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Trigeminal Neuralgia Triple X Syndrome Tuberculosis Tumor Turner Syndrome Typhoid Ulcerative Colitis Umbilical Hernia Urethritis Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Uveitis Vaculitis (Angiitis) Vaginal Cancer Vaginismus Vaginitis Valley Fever (Coccidioidomycosis) Varicocele Varicose Eczema (Stasis Dermatitis) Varicose Veins Ventricular Fibrillation Vertigo Vesicoureteral Reflux (VUR) Vitamin B12 Deficiency Vitiligo Vocal Cord Paresis (Paralysis) Von Willebrand Disease Vulvar Cancer (Vulval Cancer) Vulvodynia Warts Water On The Knee (Knee Effusion) Water Retention (Fluid Retention) Wegener's Granulomatosis Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome West Nile Virus (WNV) Wheat Allergy Whiplash Whipple's Disease Whooping Cough (Pertussis) Williams Syndrome Wilms’ Tumor (Nephroblastoma) Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Yeast infection (male) Yellow Fever Yips Zika virus Zollinger-Ellison Syndrome Read our more detailed articles about specific areas of medicine, conditions, nutrition and forms of treatment. Scroll to top Navigate Our most popular news MNT editorial articles Complete category list MNT knowledge center Your MNT Personalize MNT Login or sign-up MNT newsletters Share our content About MNT About us Our editorial team Contact us Advertising with MNT Submit news articles More from MNT Accessibility Help & FAQ News feeds from MNT Privacy policy | Terms of use | Advertising policy MediLexicon International Ltd, Bexhill-on-Sea, UK © 2004-2016 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trade mark of MediLexicon International Limited. This site complies with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information. This page was printed from: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/releases/314097.php Visit www.medicalnewstoday.com for medical news and health news headlines posted throughout the day, every day. © 2004-2016 All rights reserved. MNT is the registered trade mark of MediLexicon International Limited.
You must have javascript enabled to use this site. Please click here to learn how to enable javascript. (877) 303-4529 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Contact Us FAQ Whitelist Sitemap Wealth Daily About Editors Videos Archives Reports Resources Contact Us Download your FREE report now: Gold and Silver Mining Stocks Trump Stocks Buy, Buy, Buy Written by Briton Ryle Posted November 14, 2016 at 7:20PM Last week was the biggest rally for stocks since 2014. Treasury yields have launched through 3%. The U.S. dollar is very strong. Yes, investors were taken by surprise last week, when Donald Trump won the election. What you are seeing in the market is evidence of this. Investors are scrambling to adjust their positions to account for an entirely new set of expectations.  And what exactly are these new expectations? We have to sift through the market action and see which stocks are reacting to get a feel for these new expectations. That's my job, or at least, that's what I'm doing right now. I can tell you at the outset, some of the early signals the market is giving off seem misguided. But others look rock solid. Let's start with the rock-solid moves... The most solid move I'm seeing right now is coming from banks. Just look at this move for Bank of America (NYSE: BAC)... That's $17 to $20 in four days. And the volume bars along the bottom of that chart show the biggest surge in buying pressure the stock has seen since the beginning of 2014. I think it's legit... For one, Bank of America has been trading at a discount to tangible book value for years. If you don't know, tangible book value is "bricks and mortar" valuation that simply seeks to put a monetary value on the buildings and other assets of a company. Goodwill measures and earnings don't count toward tangible book value. I have recommended Bank of America here in Wealth Daily before, largely due to the fact that it has been the most undervalued bank out there.  I wrote last week that BofA and the other banks were rallying because "the 'break up the banks' duo of Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders have lost influence." But there's even more to it than that. It has to do with the Dodd-Frank banking regulation law.  Now, this law was passed to prevent banks from engaging in the type of behavior that helped bring about the financial crisis. The law basically says that banks have to have more ready cash on hand (Tier 1 capital) and can't make their business all about trading risky assets, like mortgage-backed securities.  Dodd-Frank has long been a target of Republicans. They don't like it because they believe it restricts a bank's ability to make money. And Republicans generally favor less regulation, and Dodd-Frank adds layers of compliance rules that banks have spent millions to understand and implement. Now, there's a very interesting proposal concerning Dodd-Frank. Some are suggesting that banks should have a "buyout" option. That is, banks that get their Tier 1 capital above Dodd-Frank requirements should be able to start adding some exposure to more risky assets (i.e. mortgage backed securities) to boost their earnings power.  This is a great idea because it rewards good behavior. If you simply let banks do what they want, they will absolutely put the economy at risk again. They did it in the late 1980s, giving us the S&L crisis, and they did it 20 years later with the housing bubble. So adding a "good behavior buyout" to Dodd-Frank is a reasonable compromise to keeping banks healthy and also letting them leverage their earnings.  I've had a $24 target for BofA. Because at $24, BofA would trade at book value and at about a 25% premium to tangible book value. Both of these valuations seem reasonable. And investors are buying the stock as fast as they can right now because not only are these valuations reasonable, but they are also realistic in the near future.  The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Stay on top of the hottest investment ideas before they hit Wall Street. Sign up for the Wealth Daily newsletter below. You'll also get our free report, "Five Techincal Analysis Tools for Investors." We never spam! View our Privacy Policy Another Solid Move I also think the rally for biotech and pharmaceuticals is legit. Yeah, Clinton had targeted drug prices in her campaign. Trump seems unlikely to go after any companies. So biotech drug prices are probably OK.  Biotechs have been sold steadily for six months. They are the very epitome of beaten down. So much so that they had already started to rally before the election. I think biotechs will continue to make up ground. And there's another catalyst that's not getting much play: a cash repatriation tax holiday. Here's the logic... Trump is a businessman. Not a very good one, but that's beside the point. The single best way he can get his administration off on a good foot is to get corporate America behind him. He can easily do this by simply offering U.S. companies the one-time opportunity to bring foreign cash home and pay a low tax rate, like 10%. And pharmaceuticals like Merck (NYSE: MRK) and Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) have a lot of money overseas.  Let them bring it back, and they are likely to put it to work — with acquisitions in the biotech space.  The BS Moves I'm gonna start this section with a question. What other group of companies has a lot of cash overseas?  Yeah, tech companies. And big tech companies have been creamed over the last few days. Facebook, Amazon, Apple — they are all off between 7% and 10%. Near as I can tell, investors are worried that Trump's immigration actions might keep these companies from attracting talent from overseas, and so their businesses might suffer. That just doesn't seem reasonable. Apple is the biggest company in the world. It's simply not going to get steamrolled by policy. And Apple could have a lot of cash to put to work if there is a tax holiday on overseas cash.  So, I think the big sell-off for tech stocks is overdone. Buying them now for a trade is probably a very good idea.  One More BS Move I do think Trump will get an infrastructure bill passed. Republicans have resisted increases in spending under Obama. But that's because they don't like him and they haven't wanted to help him succeed (regardless of what's good for the country). But now that there's a Republican in charge, you can bet they will open the purse strings.  Still, even with a big infrastructure spending bill, should shares of Caterpillar be trading near two-year highs? The forward P/E for CAT is now 29. And revenue is still expected to be flat from this year to next. Flat, as in no growth. Seems to me that CAT might sell a few more pieces of heavy machinery under a spending bill. But I don't see how they sell enough to justify a forward P/E of 29. Aren't there a bunch CAT machines sitting around idle right now?  I'm looking at buying some puts on CAT at the first sign of weakness. Until next time, Briton Ryle @BritonRyle on Twitter An 18-year veteran of the newsletter business, Briton Ryle is the editor of The Wealth Advisory income stock newsletter, with a focus on top-quality dividend growth stocks and REITs. Briton also manages the Real Income Trader advisory service, where his readers take regular cash payouts using a low-risk covered call option strategy. He also contributes a weekly column to the Wealth Daily e-letter. To learn more about Briton, click here. The Best Free Investment You'll Ever Make Sign up to receive the Wealth Daily newsletter - it's absolutely free! In each issue, you'll get our best investment research, designed to help you build a lifetime of wealth, minus the risk. Plus, by signing up, you'll instantly receive our new report: Surviving the Coming Economic Collapse. Subscribe Related Articles Break up the Banks?!? My apologies to Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and Minneapolis Fed president and former TARP director Neel Kashkari, but breaking up America's largest banks is a really dumb idea. Buy This Biotech Since July 2015, it's been a pretty consistent move lower for biotechs. But when you see a drop like this, you should start getting interested, especially if the overall stock market has been doing pretty well. Could a Peter Schiff and Donald Trump Economic Plan Work? Even if Trump and Schiff are onto something, a debt restructuring plan is an uphill battle. Comments Buffett's Envy: 50% Annual Returns, Guaranteed Warren Buffett once told investors at an annual shareholder meeting, "...it's a huge structural advantage not to have a lot of money. I think I could make you 50% a year on $1 million. No, I know I could. I guarantee that." Buffett later went on to talk about one incredible advantage that average, smaller investors have over Berkshire. Point blank, The "Oracle of Omaha" envies people like you because you can invest in small cap stocks and he can't. Join our community of over 400,000 readers at Wealth Daily today for FREE, and get started with three of our top small-cap tech stock picks – the kinds of high-return investments Warren Buffet now can only dream of making. Subscribe Learn about Wealth Daily and our Privacy Policy Top Rated 1 What a Trump Presidency Means for the... 2 Trump Stocks 3 Gold Gets Oversold in "Trump Rally" 4 The Pendulum Swings... Slightly Less... 5 The Most Successful Analysts on the... Trending Articles 1 Another Reason Cannabis is a Socially... 2 The Most Profitable Cannabis... 3 Why Mark Zuckerberg is NOT the Next... 4 The Five Best Investing Apps 5 Why You Should Be Buying Bitcoin in 2017 Wealth Daily About Us Editors Videos Archives Reports Investment Resources Contact Us Copyright and Fair Use Contact Us Wealth Daily 111 Market Place #720 Baltimore, MD 21202 Tel: (877) 303-4529 Fax: (410) 814-5959 Search About We've assembled some of the best investment minds the market has to offer. All are experts in various fields. And our record is second to none. The flagship e-Letter of Angel Publishing, Wealth Daily brings you these market insights and commentaries every day directly to your email inbox. Our editors have over a combined 75 years in the investment research sector. © 2016 Wealth Daily. All rights reserved. Report: How to Make Your Fortune in Stocks The REAL secret to consistent, reliable stock market profits is simple: own top quality dividend stocks! We'll show you how to get consistent and reliable income from dividend stocks. Send My FREE Report Now Subscribe
About Us Privacy Policy Meet Our Team Contact Us Finance Pay Close Attention To These Analyst Ratings: Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX), Ross Stores Inc. (NASDAQ:ROST) Wilson Ross, November 15, 2016 2 Stocks Attracting Analyst Attention: CH Robinson Worldwide Inc. (NASDAQ:CHRW), Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:MXIM) Claudia Dawson, November 15, 2016 Canadian National Railway Company (NYSE:CNI) Near to Lift Curtain on June 2016 Earnings Claudia Dawson, November 15, 2016 Analyst Insights 2 Stocks Attracting Analyst Attention: Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX), Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) Gustavo Wagner, November 15, 2016 Analysts Valuations For Two Stocks: Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG), Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (NYSE:PEG) Henry Christensen, November 15, 2016 Noteworthy Analyst Ratings of Two Stocks: Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC), LKQ Corp. (NASDAQ:LKQ) Katherine Black, November 15, 2016 Global Markets Market Movers Biotech Stocks Worth a Closer Look: Concordia International (NASDAQ:CXRX), Corbus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:CRBP) Claudia Dawson, November 15, 2016 Time To Put On The Watch List? – Celldex Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CLDX), Abeona Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ABEO) Edgar Patton, November 15, 2016 Biotech Stocks To Put On Your Watch List: Eleven Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBIO), bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLUE) Gustavo Wagner, November 15, 2016 2 Stocks Attracting Analyst Attention: Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX), Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) Gustavo Wagner, November 15, 2016 Analysts Valuations For Two Stocks: Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG), Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (NYSE:PEG) Henry Christensen, November 15, 2016 Noteworthy Analyst Ratings of Two Stocks: Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC), LKQ Corp. (NASDAQ:LKQ) Katherine Black, November 15, 2016 2 Stocks Analyst-Opinion Need Close Attention: Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Lewis Gonzalez, November 15, 2016 Pay Close Attention To These Analyst Ratings: Southern Copper Corp. (NYSE:SCCO), Equifax Inc. (NYSE:EFX) Claudia Dawson, November 15, 2016 2 Stocks Attracting Analyst Attention: General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD), Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT) Edgar Patton, November 15, 2016 Analysts Valuations For Two Stocks: Level 3 Communications, Inc. (NYSE:LVLT), Entergy Corporation (NYSE:ETR) Gustavo Wagner, November 15, 2016 Noteworthy Analyst Ratings of Two Stocks: Pioneer Natural Resources Co. (NYSE:PXD), Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADP) Henry Christensen, November 15, 2016 Market Movers Biotech Stocks Worth a Closer Look: Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANTH), Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) SHARE ON: Claudia Dawson — November 14, 2016 Shares of Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANTH) added 2.63% by the end of trading session at $1.95. For the current quarter, the 3 brokerage firms issuing adjusted earnings per share outlook have a consensus forecast of -$0.42/share, which would compare with -$0.18 in the year-ago quarter. The net percentage change is -62.21% over the last 12 months. The trading range in the same period had a highest hit of $6.08 while lowest level was $1.72. At the moment the price is -31.65% below its 50-day moving average and -40.01% below its 200-day moving average. Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANTH) on November 10, 2016 announced that the CHABLIS-SC1 clinical trial with blisibimod for the treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) failed to meet its primary endpoint based upon the SLE Responder Index-6 (SRI-6) at 52 weeks. Although 47% of patients in the blisibimod arm versus 42% of patients in the placebo arm achieved this endpoint, the difference was not statistically significant.  The SRI is a composite index comprised of SELENA-SLEDAI, BILAG and Physician Global Assessment criteria.  A SRI-6 response requires a decrease of at least 6 points in SELENA-SLEDAI.  The magnitude of blisibimod treatment effects for other SLE Response (SRI-4, and SRI-8) also did not achieve statistical significance. Serum biological markers including B-cells, immunoglobulins, and complement demonstrated statistically significant treatment effects consistent with expectations and previous blisibimod clinical studies in lupus and IgA nephropathy. Adverse events between the blisibimod and placebo treatment arms were well balanced and blisibimod was generally well tolerated. The Company will continue to analyze the data in the coming weeks from the CHABLIS-SC1 trial in consultation with key lupus disease thought leaders to expeditiously determine the future of the blisibimod lupus program including the on-going CHABLIS 7.5 clinical study.  As the pharmacological effects on immunological markers, such as B-cells and immunoglobulins, were as expected, the company is continuing the development of blisibimod for the treatment of IgA Nephropathy (IgAN) pending 48 week results from the ongoing phase 2 BRIGHT study.  IgAN has a very different pathogenesis than systemic lupus, and the pharmacological activity of blisibimod might prove effective in its treatment.  The Company expects to report 48-week data from the BRIGHT-SC IgAN study and topline data from the Sollpura™ SOLUTION phase 3 study later this year. Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) last exchanged hands at a price $11.6/share, registering a gain of 2.65%. Among 4 Wall Street analysts tracked by Thomson/First Call, the average PT for DVAX is $31 but some of them are predicting the price to move at the $45 level. If the most optimistic analysts are correct, the expected total return from the current price would be 287.93. The number of shares traded in most recent trading day was 1.13M shares which averages 1.58M shares a day. Its previous fifty two week high was $29.86 and moved down -52.98% over the same time frame, currently having a market cap around $448.92 million. Shares have risen -27.5% over the trailing six months. At the moment, the stock trades 5.08% above its 50-day moving average and -25.56% below its 200-day moving average. Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) on November 9, 2016 announced the presentation of findings from an ongoing Phase 1b/2 study investigating SD-101, Dynavax’s intratumoral TLR9 agonist, in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy. Early results investigating 13 patients with metastatic melanoma for efficacy and 19 patients for safety were reported. In patients naïve to anti-PD-1 treatment, objective responses were observed in four out of five (80%) patients, including one complete response (CR) and three partial responses (PR’s). Four patients with progressive disease, while receiving anti-PD-1 monotherapy prior to enrollment, were observed to have stable disease (SD) while receiving KEYTRUDA and SD-101. These data were presented by Dr. Antoni Ribas in the late-breaking clinical update session on Wednesday, November 9, at the Society for Melanoma Research (SMR) 13th International Congress in Boston, MA, USA. SD-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA was well-tolerated. No dose-limiting toxicities of the combination were observed in any dose cohort, and a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) was not identified. No immune-related adverse events were reported, and the most common treatment-emergent adverse events were grade 1 to 2 flu-like symptoms, including fever, chills and myalgia consistent with the engagement of TLR9 and production of interferon alpha. The study also included biomarker assessments, suggesting that treatment with SD-101 and KEYTRUDA resulted in elevation of gene signatures consistent with an increase in Th1 immune cell types as well as an increase in immune cell infiltrates such as CD8+ T-cells in the tumor microenvironment. Tags: ANTHAnthera PharmaceuticalsDVAXDynavax TechnologiesNASDAQ:ANTHNASDAQ:DVAX Next post Intraday Active Biotech Stocks News: Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARNA), Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PGNX) Previous Article Time To Put On The Watch List? - ImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMGN), Geron Corporation (NASDAQ:GERN) About the Author Claudia Dawson Related Posts Biotech Stocks To Put On Your Watch List: Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NYSE:PBYI), Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) Wilson Ross, November 15, 2016 Noteworthy Analyst Ratings of Two Stocks: Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC), Dynavax Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:DVAX) Claudia Dawson, November 14, 2016 Intraday Active Biotech Stocks News: CorMedix, Inc. (NYSEMKT:CRMD), Anthera Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ANTH) Wilson Ross, November 11, 2016 TOP-RATEDLATEST POSTS 2 Stocks Attracting Analyst Attention: Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX), Hess Corporation (NYSE:HES) Gustavo Wagner, November 15, 2016 Analyst Insights Analysts Valuations For Two Stocks: Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG), Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (NYSE:PEG) Henry Christensen, November 15, 2016 Analyst Insights Noteworthy Analyst Ratings of Two Stocks: Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC), LKQ Corp. (NASDAQ:LKQ) Katherine Black, November 15, 2016 Analyst Insights 2 Stocks Analyst-Opinion Need Close Attention: Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Lewis Gonzalez, November 15, 2016 Analyst Insights Pay Close Attention To These Analyst Ratings: Southern Copper Corp. (NYSE:SCCO), Equifax Inc. (NYSE:EFX) Claudia Dawson, November 15, 2016 Analyst Insights Top-RatedMarket Movers Biotech Stocks Worth a Closer Look: Concordia International (NASDAQ:CXRX), Corbus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:CRBP) Claudia Dawson, November 15, 2016 Market Movers Time To Put On The Watch List? – Celldex Therapeutics (NASDAQ:CLDX), Abeona Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ABEO) Edgar Patton, November 15, 2016 Market Movers Biotech Stocks To Put On Your Watch List: Eleven Biotherapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:EBIO), bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLUE) Gustavo Wagner, November 15, 2016 Market Movers About Us Voice Registrar is the industry’s leading and trusted source for Wall Street coverage, research, and analysis. Our investment philosophy is based on uncovering analyst opinions, and insights of the companies trading in Stock Market, with the significant growth potential. Our Team had built an understanding for evaluating stock through years of experience in the field, as well as via our established relationships with fund managers, investment analysts, and industry experts. Our mission is to provide the most actionable insights from the world of finance, business and investing in order to educate our reader to make correct Investment decisions. Navigation About Us Contact Us Homepage Meet Our Team Privacy Policy Popular Categories Analyst Insights Featured Finance Market Movers Copyright ©2016 - Voice Registrar, All Rights Reserved. ↑ Back to top
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Science US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education All News Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Assembly Election Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Brexit US Election Terror attacks 1916 Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Big data scientist wins researcher of the year award Science Foundation Ireland’s award scheme expands to include best early career scientist about 23 hours ago Dick Ahlstrom Winner of the Research Image of the Year: “Organic ChemisTree, a Telescopic View”, by Andrea Zanetti, a chemistry PhD student at UCD. The tree is made of copper salts crystallising out of a green chemical mixture. The blue sky was provided by a laboratory glove.         A researcher involved in making sense of big data has been named the Science Foundation Ireland researcher of the year 2016. Prof Barry O’Sullivan is director of the Insight Centre for Data Analytics at University College Cork. He conducts research into artificial intelligence, decision analytics and related areas. He is involved in a number of international associations related to his field of research and has made two addresses to the UN in New York on the potential for using artificial intelligence in support of sustainable development. Prof O’Sullivan is also involved in winning investments for the centre, including a €1.5 million partnership with US company United Technologies announced last month. The Foundation has extended the award programme for 2016, introducing five new awards that recognise excellent research and development. The SFI early career researcher of the year award was shared jointly by Prof Valeria Nicolosi of Trinity College Dublin and by Dr Martin O’Halloran of NUI Galway. Collaboration The SFI Industry Partnership award recognises a collaboration between industry and academia, and the recipients are the Amber research centre at Trinity and Merck. The SFI Entrepreneurship Award went to Prof Brian Glennon an Dr Mark Barrett of University College Dublin who jointly established a company spin-out APC Ltd. Dr Sabina Brennan of Trinity received the SFI Outstanding Contribution to STEM Communication, an award that recognises a contribution to the popularisation of science and public awareness. The Best Reported Impact Award went to Dr Emmeline Hill of UCD who showed a particular commitment to maximising the downstream impact of her research findings. There was also an award for Research Image of the Year, which went to Andrea Zanetti, a chemistry PhD student at UCD, for the image, Organic “ChemisTree”, a Telescopic View.       Topics: early career researcher of the year researcher of the year Insight Centre For Data Analytics NUI Galway Science Foundation Ireland Trinity College Dublin Un University College Cork University College Dublin APC Merck United Technologies More from The Irish Times US Fear of elites and globalisation fuelled Brexit and Trump votes - Obama Opinion Trump set to wreck international climate action International 1:28 RWC 2023: Ireland ready to stage a tournament ‘like no other’ Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Maths week quiz Good at maths? Can you pass our quiz?   Most Read in News 1 Sackings urged for officials following racist post about Michelle Obama 2 Garda Commissioner loses appeal over dismissal of sergeant 3 Almost 400,000 Irish people have lung disease, conference told 4 State apologises to man jailed in miscarriage of justice 5 European Parliament moves to sideline British MEPs Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISEMENT Science Columns William Reville: Could our brains live forever by being uploaded to a computer? If it were possible, would it be desirable Riddles of dark matter and dark energy may be solved Now that gravitational waves have been detected, a completely novel means of looking at the universe is emerging Neanderthal wipeout: was love or war to blame? William Reville: One theory proposes that they were assimilated into modern human stock by interbreeding Latest Ireland Suspended sentence for man who broke stranger’s nose in Copper Face Jack’s 17:38 Solicitors’ indemnity fund to be taken over by British firm 17:35 Man died after inhaling gas when he fell into slurry tank, inquest hears 17:34 Former Bord Gáis chairman Michael Conlon dies aged 90 17:30 Hollande says US must respect commitments on climate change 17:11 Features & Opinion Sci fi and literature: how well have writers predicted the future? HSTM Network Ireland is holding a conference at DCU on the history of the future The Irish man who discovered quaternion algebra This month 173 years ago, William Rowan Hamilton had his ‘eureka’ moment as he walked along the Royal Canal The Challenger disaster: a tragedy that knocked faith in space exploration When Nasa’s shuttle exploded in 1986, killing seven, it put manned space travel in doubt Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out

Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Greece Holds State Dinner in Honor of Pres. Obama Ex-French Pres. Sarkozy Campaigns for Conservative Party Nomination House Energy Committee Hearing on Self-Driving Cars Ex-Police Officer's Murder Trial in Charleston, SC SEC Chair Mary Joe White Testifies Before House Oversight Committee House Financial Services Committee on SEC, 2018 Budget Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Asian Stocks Meander as Dollar Gains, Markets Watch Trump By joe mcdonald, ap business writer BEIJING  Nov 14, 2016, 11:18 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email Asian stocks were mostly lower Tuesday as expectations of a U.S. rate hike boosted the dollar and investors watched President-elect Donald Trump for signs of policy direction. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.2 percent to 3,204.31 points and Tokyo's Nikkei 225 was flat at 17,670.77. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 tumbled 0.5 percent to 5,320.60 and Seoul's Kospi was almost unchanged at 1,974.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.4 percent to 22,314.62. Benchmarks in Southeast Asia and New Zealand were mixed. WALL STREET: Tech companies including Apple and Microsoft took big losses on concern Trump's policies might hurt their sales in China and other global markets. Bank stocks surged as bond yields rose, which allows them to make more money from lending. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 21.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 18,868.69, another all-time high. The Standard & Poor's 500 index dipped 0.25 points to 2,164.20 after it fell as much as 0.4 percent earlier. The Nasdaq composite sank 18.72 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,218.40. RISING DOLLAR: The dollar climbed as high as 108.30 yen from Monday's 107.87 yen as expectations of a U.S. rate hike rose. Trump's surprise election initially raised expectations the Federal Reserve might put off a rate hike until his plans were clear. But analysts say the latest comments from Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan indicate the Fed is sticking to plans to act in December. "There appears no stopping the U.S. dollar's recent ascent based on the current interest rate trajectory," Stephen Innes of OANDA said in a report. TRUMP WATCH: Investors were watching for signs of what Trump, who gave few details of his plans on the campaign trail, might do in office. Analysts say his promises of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending could boost economic growth but also spur inflation. His threats of sanctions against China and other trading partners that he accuses of acting unfairly have rattled trade-dependent Asian economies. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Moving forward, the spotlight could shine on the contentious trade policy proposals that the president-elect had raised during his campaign," said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. "The latest soundbite from outgoing President Barack Obama seems to suggest that the incoming president is 'ultimately pragmatic'," said Pan. "It is without a doubt that emerging Asian markets would be negatively impacted should a trade war break out between US and China, although the delayed address could mean that the President-elect may indeed be more pragmatic than we have known." CURRENCY: The euro was little-changed at $1.0752. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained 89 cents to $44.21 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract shed 9 cents on Monday to close at $43.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 75 cents to $45.19 in London. It lost 32 cents on Monday to $44.43. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Asian Stocks Meander as Dollar Gains, Markets Watch Trump " Obama Says He Knew Americans Were Angry Before Election " Obama: World Leaders Must Heed People's Economic Fears " Obama Says Trump Told Him He Would Support NATO, After Threats to Abandon It Official in West Virginia on Leave After Racist Obama Post Hollande: US Must Respect 'Irreversible' Climate Deal " Russia Launches New Offensive, Airstrikes Hit Syria's Aleppo Murder Suspect Escapes Through Open Door in Missouri Jail " ICC Prosecutors: US Forces May Have Committed War Crimes " 5 Takeaways From Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Interview " GOP Lawmakers Struggle to Respond as Democrats Denounce Bannon Hire " Trump Tells Putin He Wants 'Strong' Relationship With Russia " Could Trump Really Dismantle the Iran Nuke Deal? " Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison Announces Bid for DNC Chair " Is Trump's Tough Plan on Immigration Cracking? " Trump Chief of Staff Defends Steve Bannon as a 'Very, Very Smart Person' " ANALYSIS: Priebus, Bannon Appointments Point Toward Split Approach to Trump Presidency " Oprah Winfrey Explains Positive Donald Trump, Obama Tweet " Trump Names Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff, Steve Bannon as Senior Adviser " Trump's Views Appeal to Americans Looking for 'Common Sense' " Rep. Keith Ellison to Announce 'Real Soon' if He'll Run for DNC Chair NY School Bus Driver Scolded for Favoring Trump Supporters " Report Warns of Asia Arms Race if Trump Withdraws US Forces Chili's Removes Manager Who Took Away Vet's Meal Autopsy Shows Keith Lamont Scott Was Shot in Back " Refuse to Hide: Muslim Americans on Trump's Election, Hate Crimes " 'DWTS' Laurie Hernandez Talks Grandmother's Death " Dwayne Johnson Named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive " Beastie Boys' 'Licensed to Ill' Turns 30
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 59° Share Asian stocks meander as dollar gains, markets watch Trump By Marley Jay / Associated Press Published: Monday, November 14th, 2016 at 8:49am Updated: Monday, November 14th, 2016 at 9:20pm FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. The rally in global markets since the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president was showing signs of running out of steam Monday, Nov. 14, 2016, as bond investors fretted over the inflationary impact of his policies. That rise in U.S. bond yields saw the dollar notch up some further solid gains, though. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........BEIJING — Asian stocks were mostly lower Tuesday as expectations of a U.S. rate hike boosted the dollar and investors watched President-elect Donald Trump for signs of policy direction. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.2 percent to 3,204.31 points and Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 was flat at 17,670.77. Sydney’s S&P-ASX 200 tumbled 0.5 percent to 5,320.60 and Seoul’s Kospi was almost unchanged at 1,974.27. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 0.4 percent to 22,314.62. Benchmarks in Southeast Asia and New Zealand were mixed. WALL STREET: Tech companies including Apple and Microsoft took big losses on concern Trump’s policies might hurt their sales in China and other global markets. Bank stocks surged as bond yields rose, which allows them to make more money from lending. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 21.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 18,868.69, another all-time high. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index dipped 0.25 points to 2,164.20 after it fell as much as 0.4 percent earlier. The Nasdaq composite sank 18.72 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,218.40. RISING DOLLAR: The dollar climbed as high as 108.30 yen from Monday’s 107.87 yen as expectations of a U.S. rate hike rose. Trump’s surprise election initially raised expectations the Federal Reserve might put off a rate hike until his plans were clear. But analysts say the latest comments from Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan indicate the Fed is sticking to plans to act in December. “There appears no stopping the U.S. dollar’s recent ascent based on the current interest rate trajectory,” Stephen Innes of OANDA said in a report. TRUMP WATCH: Investors were watching for signs of what Trump, who gave few details of his plans on the campaign trail, might do in office. Analysts say his promises of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending could boost economic growth but also spur inflation. His threats of sanctions against China and other trading partners that he accuses of acting unfairly have rattled trade-dependent Asian economies. Advertisement Continue reading ANALYST’S TAKE: “Moving forward, the spotlight could shine on the contentious trade policy proposals that the president-elect had raised during his campaign,” said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. “The latest soundbite from outgoing President Barack Obama seems to suggest that the incoming president is ‘ultimately pragmatic’,” said Pan. “It is without a doubt that emerging Asian markets would be negatively impacted should a trade war break out between US and China, although the delayed address could mean that the President-elect may indeed be more pragmatic than we have known.” CURRENCY: The euro was little-changed at $1.0752. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained 89 cents to $44.21 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract shed 9 cents on Monday to close at $43.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 75 cents to $45.19 in London. It lost 32 cents on Monday to $44.43. Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Stocks end higher, bouncing back from a drop the day before – May 1, 2015 US stocks skid as Apple pulls tech companies lower – Apr 28, 2016 Stocks say 'nevermind'; reverse recent losses as banks jump – Sep 30, 2016 Markets Right Now: US indexes struggle to a mixed close – Nov 14, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 57° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny. High 63F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A clear sky. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell U.S. Business Close 1 of 8 Richard Drew Trader Gordon Charlop works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Robert McQuade works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Mark Puetzer, center, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Michael Milano works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Traders James Dresch, left, and Gregory Rowe work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader William McInerney works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Steven Grasso, right, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Specialist Gregg Maloney, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) AP US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer 20 hrs ago (…) Richard Drew Trader Gordon Charlop works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Robert McQuade works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Mark Puetzer, center, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Michael Milano works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Traders James Dresch, left, and Gregory Rowe work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader William McInerney works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Steven Grasso, right, works with fellow traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Specialist Gregg Maloney, left, works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016. Stocks are opening modestly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks as interest rates continue to rise. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks came back from an early loss and finished almost unchanged Monday. Technology companies like Apple and Microsoft took big losses on fears about their overseas revenue, but bank stocks continued to surge along with bond yields. Technology stocks have been weak since last week's election, and they fell further Monday as investors wonder if Donald Trump's policies as president will hurt their sales in China and other markets overseas. Bank stocks built on their post-election gains as bond yields continued to rise. That paves the way for banks to make more money from lending. Government bond yields are now at their highest levels since January. "The market is sniffing out the belief that some of these Trump policies may drive some better economic growth but also may in fact be somewhat inflationary," said PNC Chief Investment Strategist Bill Stone. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 21.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 18,868.69, another all-time high. The Standard & Poor's 500 index dipped 0.25 points to 2,164.20 after it fell as much as 0.4 percent earlier. The Nasdaq composite sank 18.72 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,218.40. Technology companies fell sharply, with familiar names taking some of the largest losses. Apple gave up $2.72, or 2.5 percent, to $105.71 while Facebook declined $3.94, or 3.3 percent, to $115.08 and Microsoft slid 90 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $58.12. Alphabet, the parent company of Google, slipped $18.53, or 2.4 percent, to $753.22. Bond prices fell and yields jumped as investors anticipated that Trump's spending plans would lead to higher inflation and more government borrowing. The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury note climbed to 2.25 percent from 2.14 percent late Thursday. Bond trading was closed Friday for the Veterans' Day holiday. The day before the Nov. 8 election, the yield was 1.83 percent. That's a huge move for that benchmark rate. Goldman Sachs rose $5.24 percent, to 2.6 percent, to $209.18 and Bank of America rose $1.06, or 5.6 percent, to $20.08. JPMorgan Chase picked up $2.82, or 3.7 percent, to $79.51. Stone said investors are focused on potential corporate and individual tax cuts, a "wave of deregulation" that eliminates some of the rules governing businesses like energy companies and banks, and more protectionism on trade, which could hurt sales for companies that do a lot of business overseas. Investors are also pleased at the prospect of looser regulation and bigger profits. For example, Trump's election could result in big changes to the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill or to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Stone added that corporate dealmaking could increase if Trump's administration takes a looser approach to antitrust regulation. Several companies announced deals or deal offers Monday. South Korean conglomerate Samsung said it will buy Harman International for $8 billion, or $112 a share. Harman makes electronics for cars including audio systems and safety and entertainment features. Its stock jumped $22.07, or 25.2 percent, to $109.72. German industrial equipment company Siemens agreed to buy software maker Mentor Graphics for $4.5 billion, or $37.25 a share. Mentor's stock rose $5.61, or 18.3 percent, to $36.29. Shares of communication adapter maker Digi International rose $1.75, or 15 percent, to $13.40 after the company said it received an offer from Belden, a communications equipment company. Digi said it rejected the bid of $13.82 a share, or about $359 million, because it's too low. Belden stock added $1.52, or 2.2 percent, to $71.22. The dollar rose against other currencies as U.S. interest rates rose. It jumped to 108.51 Japanese yen from 106.78 yen. The euro fell to $1.0726 from $1.0845. Investors are also selling companies that pay big dividends like utilities and phone companies as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. Verizon fell 51 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $46.18 and American Electric Power lost $1.27, or 2.1 percent, to $58.72. See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Oil prices bounced back from a big loss early on. Benchmark U.S. crude slipped just 9 cents to $43.32 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 32 cents to $44.43 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline lost 3 cents to $1.28 a gallon. Heating oil fell 2 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 13 cents, or 5 percent, to $2.75 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $2.60 to $1,221.70 an ounce. Silver lost 49 cents, or 2.8 percent, to $16.89 an ounce. Copper picked up 1 cent to $2.52 a pound. France's CAC 40 rose 0.4 percent and Germany's DAX added 0.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares closed 0.3 percent higher. In Japan the Nikkei 225 jumped 1.7 percent after a strong reading on Japan's economic growth. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 1.4 percent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Currency Markets Banking And Credit Industrial Machinery And Equipment Financial Markets Stock Markets Leading Economic Indicators Economy Corporate Stock Corporate News Financial Services Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Government Regulations Industrial Products And Services Commodity Markets Oil And Gas Industry Technology Energy Industry 2016 United States Presidential Election United States Presidential Election Events National Elections Elections Personal Investing Personal Finance Prices Government Finance Locations United States East Asia North America Asia View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license Lord & Taylor closing downtown St. Louis office, laying off 77 IT employees Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Golden years redefined as older Americans work Divorce hits retirees hard, especially women A decade from retirement? Behind in planning? Five things you can do now to get ready. When did retirement become a dirty word? Older jobseekers find ageism is everywhere Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this ma (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 14, 2016 ) Contract manufacturing involves outsourcing manufacturing products to organizations, which helps the organizations offer the same services at a relatively lower cost. Typically, in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors, the sourcing companies seek contract manufacturing services to restructure their resource deployment toward high skill areas such as R&D and marketing. Contract manufacturing has potential growth opportunities in emerging countries such as India and China. Publisher's analysts forecast the global pharmaceutical contract manufacturing market to grow at a CAGR of 6.91% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-pharmaceutical-contract-manufacturing-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global pharmaceutical contract manufacturing market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from various pharmaceutical drug manufacturing outsourcing activities. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Pharmaceutical Contract Manufacturing Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Catalent -Lonza -Pfizer CentreOne Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462889/sample . Other prominent vendors -Abbott -Aenova -Amgen -Apotex -Aspen -AstraZeneca -Aurobindo Pharma -Baxter -BERLIN-CHEMIE -Biocon -Biogen -Boehringer Ingelheim -Celltrion -Cipla -Coherus Biosciences -Daiichi Sankyo -Dr. Reddy's Laboratories -Eli Lilly -Emcure Pharmaceuticals -Eurofarma Laboratories -Fareva -Gedeon Richter -Gilead Sciences -GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) -Hospira -Impax Laboratories -Intas Pharmaceuticals -Janssen Pharmaceuticals -Lupin -Merck -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Momenta Pharmaceuticals -Natco Pharma -Nexus Pharmaceuticals -Novo Nordisk -Orchid Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals -Par Pharmaceutical -Parenteral Drugs India -Patheon -Piramal -Roche Holding -Sanofi -Synthon -Teva Pharmaceuticals -Valeant Pharmaceuticals -Zentiva -Zhejiang Huahai Pharmaceutical -Zydus Cadila Market driver -High number of US FDA-approved manufacturing facilities in emerging countries. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Capacity utilization issues and lack of information integration. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Huge demand for next-generation biologics. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462889/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market 2016 Geographical Segmentation, Size, Trends, Growth and Forecasts ReportsWeb.com published Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 14, 2016 ) Immunomodulators are the drugs that help to regulate the immune system. These drugs either stimulate the weak immune systems or moderate the overactive immune systems. Though many drugs are available in the market, there still exists a huge unmet need in the autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market as there are no medicines that provide complete cure to some diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease. Publisher's analysts forecast the global autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market to grow at a CAGR of 7.01% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-autoimmune-and-inflammatory-immunomodulators-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global autoimmune and inflammatory immunomodulators market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of drugs that are expected to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the marketed drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Publisher's report, Global Autoimmune and Inflammatory Immunomodulators Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -AbbVie -Johnson & Johnson -Amgen -F. Hoffmann-La Roche -Pfizer Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462893/sample . Other prominent vendors -AstraZeneca -Avaxia Biologics -Biogen Idec -Bristol-Myers Squibb -Boehringer Ingelheim -Eli Lilly -Enlivex Therapeutics -Gilead Sciences -Immune Pharmaceuticals -Merck -Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma -Neovacs -Prometheus Laboratories -Sandoz -Sanofi -Swedish Orphan Biovitrum -Takeda Pharmaceuticals -UCB Market driver -Development of novel therapies using innovative technologies. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Discontinuation of drugs under development leading to substantial loss in revenue. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Advent of biosimilars expected to improve the treatment rates. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001462893/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null

null
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation View mobile version The New York Times Asia Pacific|Asian Stocks Meander as Dollar Gains, Markets Watch Trump Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go http://nyti.ms/2eS2eNp Loading... See next articles See previous articles Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Asia Pacific Asian Stocks Meander as Dollar Gains, Markets Watch Trump By THE ASSOCIATED PRESSNOV. 14, 2016, 11:21 P.M. E.S.T. Continue reading the main story Share This Page Continue reading the main story BEIJING — Asian stocks were mostly lower Tuesday as expectations of a U.S. rate hike boosted the dollar and investors watched President-elect Donald Trump for signs of policy direction. KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.2 percent to 3,204.31 points and Tokyo's Nikkei 225 was flat at 17,670.77. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 tumbled 0.5 percent to 5,320.60 and Seoul's Kospi was almost unchanged at 1,974.27. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.4 percent to 22,314.62. Benchmarks in Southeast Asia and New Zealand were mixed. WALL STREET: Tech companies including Apple and Microsoft took big losses on concern Trump's policies might hurt their sales in China and other global markets. Bank stocks surged as bond yields rose, which allows them to make more money from lending. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 21.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 18,868.69, another all-time high. The Standard & Poor's 500 index dipped 0.25 points to 2,164.20 after it fell as much as 0.4 percent earlier. The Nasdaq composite sank 18.72 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,218.40. RISING DOLLAR: The dollar climbed as high as 108.30 yen from Monday's 107.87 yen as expectations of a U.S. rate hike rose. Trump's surprise election initially raised expectations the Federal Reserve might put off a rate hike until his plans were clear. But analysts say the latest comments from Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan indicate the Fed is sticking to plans to act in December. "There appears no stopping the U.S. dollar's recent ascent based on the current interest rate trajectory," Stephen Innes of OANDA said in a report. TRUMP WATCH: Investors were watching for signs of what Trump, who gave few details of his plans on the campaign trail, might do in office. Analysts say his promises of tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending could boost economic growth but also spur inflation. His threats of sanctions against China and other trading partners that he accuses of acting unfairly have rattled trade-dependent Asian economies. ANALYST'S TAKE: "Moving forward, the spotlight could shine on the contentious trade policy proposals that the president-elect had raised during his campaign," said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. "The latest soundbite from outgoing President Barack Obama seems to suggest that the incoming president is 'ultimately pragmatic'," said Pan. "It is without a doubt that emerging Asian markets would be negatively impacted should a trade war break out between US and China, although the delayed address could mean that the President-elect may indeed be more pragmatic than we have known." Advertisement Continue reading the main story CURRENCY: The euro was little-changed at $1.0752. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gained 89 cents to $44.21 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract shed 9 cents on Monday to close at $43.32. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 75 cents to $45.19 in London. It lost 32 cents on Monday to $44.43. Continue reading the main story We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. What's Next Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2016 The New York Times Company Home Search Accessibility concerns? Email us at accessibility@nytimes.com. We would love to hear from you. Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 59 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 59 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login U.S. stocks move higher as banks surge Monday By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Nov 14 2016 08:54AM    •    Last Updated Nov 14 2016 08:54 am FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. The rally in global markets since the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president was showing signs of running out of steam Monday, Nov. 14, 2016, as bond investors fretted over the inflationary impact of his policies. That rise in U.S. bond yields saw the dollar notch up some further solid gains, though. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. The rally in global markets since the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president was showing signs of running out of steam Monday, Nov. 14, 2016, as bond investors fretted over the inflationary impact of his policies. That rise in U.S. bond yields saw the dollar notch up some further solid gains, though. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • Bank stocks are climbing Monday morning as bond yields continue to rise. Bond yields are climbing to their highest levels this year, which points to higher interest rates and bigger profits for banks from lending money. Investors have been selling bonds, pushing yields higher, as they expect the spending plans of president-elect Donald Trump to lead to higher inflation. The big moves for financial firms are pulling the broader stock market higher. Investors are selling companies that pay big dividends like utilities and phone companies as bonds become more appealing to investors seeking income. The dollar is also rising. VIDEOS TOP JOBS KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average rose 79 points, or 0.4 percent, to 18,926 as of 8:20 a.m. Mountain time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index picked up 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,170. The Nasdaq composite added 3 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,240. BANK BONANZA: Bank stocks continued to surge. They're rising in part because of the big jump in bond yields since the election. Investors are also pleased at the prospect of looser regulation and bigger profits. Trump's election could result in big changes to the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill or to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Bank of America rose 98 cents, or 5.1 percent, to $20 and JPMorgan Chase picked up $2.96 percent, or 3.9 percent, to $79.65. DOING DEALS: South Korean conglomerate Samsung said it will buy Harman International for $8 billion, or $112 a share. Harman makes products for connected cars including audio systems and safety and entertainment features. Its stock jumped $22.08, or 25.2 percent, to $109.73. MENTORING: German industrial equipment company Siemens agreed to buy software maker Mentor Graphics for $4.5 billion, or $37.25 a share. Mentor's stock rose $5.67, or 18.5 percent, to $36.35. DIG IT: Shares of communication adapter maker Digi International rose $1.83, or 14.8 percent, to $13.38 after the company said it received an offer from Belden, a communications equipment company. Digi said it rejected the bid of $13.82 a share, or about $359 million, because it's too low. Belden stock added $1.88, or 2.7 percent, to $71.58. BONDS: Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.25 percent. Bond trading was closed Friday for the U.S. Veterans' Day holiday. The 10-year yield, which is a benchmark for interest rates on home mortgages and other kinds of loans, finished at 2.06 percent on Thursday. The day before the Nov. 8 presidential election the yield was 1.83 percent. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose sharply against other currencies as U.S. interest rates rose. It jumped to 108.41 Japanese yen from 106.78 yen. The euro fell to $1.0714 from $1.0845. LAGGARDS: Stocks that pay large dividends, like phone and utility companies and real estate investment trusts, all traded lower. Those stocks are most appealing to investors when bond yields are low. American Tower fell $4.64, or 4.4 percent, to $101.07 and NextEra Energy lost $2.42, or 2.1 percent, to $111.12. TRUMP FACTOR: Stocks went into a long skid as the presidential campaign came to its conclusion, but in the last few days stocks have risen as investors hope a Trump presidency will mean cutbacks in regulations that affect energy and banks, among other businesses. The Dow has reached record highs, with the biggest recent gains going to financial firms Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan, machinery maker Caterpillar and drug company Merck. ENERGY: With the dollar gaining strength, benchmark U.S. crude fell 59 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $42.82 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 55 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $44.20 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: France's CAC 40 was up 0.4 percent and Germany's DAX rose 0.3 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was 0.3 percent higher. In Japan the Nikkei 225 jumped 1.7 percent after a strong reading on Japan's economic growth. The dollar has been particularly strong against the Japanese yen lately and that's helped the country's exporters. Most other Asian markets fell. The Kospi in South Korea lost 0.5 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 1.4 percent.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS Church 'retires' Mormon apostle's 'little factory' pamphlet Police: Multiple stabbings at Mountain View High School, suspect in custody Critics cringe at Trump strategist Bannon's ties to alt-right, rhetoric targeting Mormons Make a low calorie whipped cream from an unlikely source for your Thanksgiving pumpkin pie Democrat Elijah Cummings presses Jason Chaffetz to investigate Donald Trump's finances ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Tuesday , November 15 2016 About Team Privacy Policy Contact Us Tip Us Times Of Kabul Global News News Business Science Technology Smartphones Software/Apps Shopping Health Sports Entertainment US Howto Ask a Question Breaking News Top 5 Hill Stations in India for Honeymoon Vacation Pakistan Independence Day Facebook (FB) Covers, Photos, Banners 2016 Pakistan Flag HD Images, Wallpapers & Pics – 14 Aug Images Happy Pakistan Independence Day 2016 – Wishes, Quotes and Messages 14 Aug – Pakistan Independence Day Greetings, Wishes & Status Happy Friendship Day 2016 Best Collection of Messages, SMS and Quotes Best Collection of Friendship Day Whatsapp Status, Messages 2016 Best Fathers Day Status & Messages for Whatsapp & Facebook Home >> Business >> CIS Insulin Market – Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Explored In Latest Research CIS Insulin Market – Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Explored In Latest Research Stevan Schulz November 14, 2016 Business CIS Insulin Market Insulin regulates metabolism by creating the pancreas that allows your body to use glucose from carbohydrates in the food. Insulin helps to keep your blood sugar level from getting too high or too low. Insulin enables the entry of glucose in the cell and maintains level of blood glucose. In diabetes treatment, patient need insulin injections to allow body to process sugar and avoid complications from hyperglycemia Request Sample Report @ http://www.syndicatemarketresearch.com/request-for-sample.html?flag=S&amp;repid=50873 Rising ubiquity of diabetes is one of the important factors bolstering the growth of the CIS insulin market. The increasing pervasiveness of obesity disorder is expected to be imperative for this industry. The prominent circumstances that might occur owing to this disorder include type II diabetes, obesity and hypertension. The government supports and rising R&D in insulin product is projected to exhibit lucrative growth in this industry. The report also analyzes several driving and restraining factors and their impact on the market during the forecast period. The report provides a detailed view of the CIS insulin market based on products, application and region. Based on products, CIS insulin market is further bifurcated into long acting, short acting, rapid acting, premixed and intermediate acting. Long acting insulin accounted for a very large chunk of the global CIS insulin market. Rapid acting is another leading project and expected to exhibit strong growth over the forecast period. The CIS insulin market is further classified based on source into analogs and human recombinant. The analog segment holds largest share of the CIS insulin market. Key applications of insulin include type I and other diabetes and type II diabetes. Type II diabetes dominated CIS insulin market and accounted for significant share of total market. Purchase a direct copy of report with TOC @ http://www.syndicatemarketresearch.com/market-analysis/cis-insulin-market.html#table-of-content Regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand of CIS insulin in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa with its further bifurcation into major countries including U.S. Germany, France, UK, China, Japan, India and Brazil. The CIS insulin market is dominated by North America followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is expected to witness significant growth over the forecast period. The report covers detailed competitive scenario including the company overviews, financial revenues of the key participants to develop their positions in the global market. Major market players include Merck & Co. Inc., Novo Nordisk, Eli Lilly and Company, Oramed Pharmaceuticals, Nanjing Xinbai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., Sanofi Aventis, Boehringer Ingelheim, Farmak and Biocon. Browse the full report @ http://www.syndicatemarketresearch.com/market-analysis/cis-insulin-market.html This report segments the global CIS insulin market as follows: CIS Insulin Market: Product Segment Analysis Long Acting Short Acting Rapid Acting Premixed Intermediate Acting CIS Insulin Market: Source Segment Analysis Analogs Human Recombinant CIS Insulin Market: Application Segment Analysis Type I Diabetes Type II Diabetes CIS Insulin Market: Regional Segment Analysis North America U.S. Europe UK France Germany Asia Pacific China Japan India Latin America Brazil Middle East & Africa Contact US: Joel John 3422 SW 15 Street,Suit #8138 Deerfield Beach,Florida 33442 United States Toll Free: +1-855-465-4651 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-386-310-3803 Email: sale@syndicatemarketresearch.com Website: http://www.syndicatemarketresearch.com 2016-11-14 Stevan Schulz Related Articles Research Focused On The Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Global Industry Segments, Opportunity, Growth and Forecast By End-use Industry 2014-2020 November 15, 2016 Research Details Developments In The Herbal Supplements and Remedies Market: Global Analysis, Segments, Growth and Value Chain, 2014 – 2020 November 15, 2016 Detailed Examination Of The Pyrimethamine Treatment Market: Global Analysis, Trends, Segment & Forecast, 2014 – 2020 November 15, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website  +  9  =  12 Social Research Focused On The Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Global Industry Segments, Opportunity, Growth and Forecast By End-use Industry 2014-2020 Research Details Developments In The Herbal Supplements and Remedies Market: Global Analysis, Segments, Growth and Value Chain, 2014 – 2020 Detailed Examination Of The Pyrimethamine Treatment Market: Global Analysis, Trends, Segment & Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Learn Details Of The Lymphoma Treatment Market: Global Industry Size, Shares, Segment & Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Diabetes Injection Pens Market – Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 explored in latest research News in Pictures Tweets by timesofkabul Navratri Facebook Covers Navratri WhatsApp Status Navratri Facebook And WhatsApp Status Navratri Greetings & Wallpapers Navratri Durga Maa Images Durga Maa Hd Wallpapers Garba Songs Free Download Navratri Aarti Bhajan Pages About Contact Us Privacy Policy Team Tip Us Find us on Facebook Recent Posts Research Focused On The Cancer Immunotherapy Market: Global Industry Segments, Opportunity, Growth and Forecast By End-use Industry 2014-2020 Research Details Developments In The Herbal Supplements and Remedies Market: Global Analysis, Segments, Growth and Value Chain, 2014 – 2020 Detailed Examination Of The Pyrimethamine Treatment Market: Global Analysis, Trends, Segment & Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Learn Details Of The Lymphoma Treatment Market: Global Industry Size, Shares, Segment & Forecast, 2014 – 2020 Diabetes Injection Pens Market – Global Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020 explored in latest research © 2013-2016 Copyright TimesofKabul.com, All Rights Reserved
