Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews ALL Vaccine Global Market 2017-2022 Key Players: Pfize, Merck & Co., Novarits, CSL Limited, Johnson & Johnson and more ALL Vaccine Market 2017 Report Details: Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “ALL Vaccine Market – Market Size, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Manufacturers, Analysis of Top Key Players and Forecast to 2022” To Its Research Database. This report studies the ALL Vaccine market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the ALL Vaccine market by product type and applications/end industries. The global ALL Vaccine market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Request for Sample report @  https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1193276-global-all-vaccine-market-professional-survey-report-2017 The major players in global ALL Vaccine market include Pfizer, Inc Glaxosmithkline PLC. Merck & Co., Inc. Novarits Sanofi Pasteur CSL Limited Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. Johnson & Johnson Medimmune LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) Astellas Pharma Inc. Mitsubishi Tanabe Dynavax Technologies Novavax, Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of ALL Vaccine in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, the ALL Vaccine market is primarily split into Vaccinia Measles, mumps, rubella Varicella Influenza Rotavirus Zoster Yellow Fever Polio Hepatitis A Rabies BCG Diphtheria, tetanus Hepatitis B Haemophilus influenzae type b Pertussis Human papillomavirus Meningococcal Pneumococcal On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers For Adult For Child To get complete report visit@   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1193276-global-all-vaccine-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Key Points in Table of Content: 1 Industry Overview of ALL Vaccine     1.1 Definition and Specifications of ALL Vaccine 1.1.1 Definition of ALL Vaccine 1.1.2 Specifications of ALL Vaccine 1.2 ALL Vaccine Segment by Types (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global ALL Vaccine Production (K Units) and Growth Rate (%) Comparison by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global ALL Vaccine Production Market Share (%) by Types in 2016 1.2.3 Vaccinia 1.2.4 Measles, mumps, rubella 1.2.5 Varicella 1.2.6 Influenza 1.2.7 Rotavirus 1.2.8 Zoster 1.2.9 Yellow Fever 1.2.10 Polio 1.2.11 Hepatitis A 1.2.12 Rabies 1.2.13 BCG 1.2.14 Diphtheria, tetanus 1.2.15 Hepatitis B 1.2.16 Haemophilus influenzae type b 1.2.17 Pertussis 1.2.18 Human papillomavirus 1.2.19 Meningococcal 1.2.20 Pneumococcal 1.3 Global ALL Vaccine Segment by Applications 1.3.1 Global ALL Vaccine Consumption (K Units) Comparison by Applications (2012-2022) 1.3.2 For Adult 1.3.3 For Child 1.4 Global ALL Vaccine Market by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global ALL Vaccine Market Size and Growth Rate (%) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Southeast Asia ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global ALL Vaccine Market Size (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global ALL Vaccine Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global ALL Vaccine Capacity, Production (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022) ….. 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of ALL Vaccine 8.1 Pfizer, Inc.       8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Vaccinia 8.1.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.1.2.3 Varicella 8.1.3 Pfizer, Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Pfizer, Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.2 Glaxosmithkline, PLC.       8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Vaccinia 8.2.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.2.2.3 Varicella 8.2.3 Glaxosmithkline, PLC. 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Glaxosmithkline, PLC. 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.3 Merck & Co., Inc.       8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Vaccinia 8.3.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.3.3 Merck & Co., Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Merck & Co., Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.4 Novarits       8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Vaccinia 8.4.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.4.2.3 Varicella 8.4.3 Novarits 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Novarits 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.5 Sanofi Pasteur       8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Vaccinia 8.5.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.5.3 Sanofi Pasteur 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Sanofi Pasteur 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.6 CSL Limited       8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Vaccinia 8.6.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.6.3 CSL Limited 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 CSL Limited 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.7 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc.       8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Vaccinia 8.7.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.7.3 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.8 Johnson & Johnson       8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Vaccinia 8.8.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.8.3 Johnson & Johnson 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Johnson & Johnson 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.9 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca)       8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Vaccinia 8.9.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.9.3 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.10 Astellas Pharma Inc.       8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Vaccinia 8.10.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.10.3 Astellas Pharma Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 Astellas Pharma Inc. 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.11 Mitsubishi Tanabe       8.11.1 Company Profile 8.11.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.11.2.1 Vaccinia 8.11.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.11.3 Mitsubishi Tanabe 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.11.4 Mitsubishi Tanabe 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.12 Dynavax Technologies       8.12.1 Company Profile 8.12.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.12.2.1 Vaccinia 8.12.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.12.3 Dynavax Technologies 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.12.4 Dynavax Technologies 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis     8.13 Novavax       8.13.1 Company Profile 8.13.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.13.2.1 Vaccinia 8.13.2.2 Measles, mumps, rubella 8.13.3 Novavax 2016 ALL Vaccine Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.13.4 Novavax 2016 ALL Vaccine Business Region Distribution Analysis Continued…             Buy this report @   https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1193276 Contact Us: NORAH TRENT                Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com  Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Follow on LinkedIn @https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym     CategoriesUncategorized TagsAll Vaccine, ALL Vaccine industry, ALL Vaccine Industry Trends, ALL Vaccine Manufacturers, ALL Vaccine market, All Vaccine Market Growth, ALL Vaccine Market Sale, All Vaccine Market Share, Google News, hospital, Pharmaceutical, satPRnews, Vaccine Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Surgical Probes Market Progresses for Huge Profits During 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Face Mask for Anti-Pollution Market Report Aims to Outline and Forecast , Organization Sizes, Top Vendors, Industry Research and End User Analysis By 2022 Search Recent Posts Oracle Buys Moat International Medical Gauze Balls Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 Malaysian PECT 2017: Unleashing Investment Opportunities in Asia International Medical Gas Cylinders Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 International Medical Fixation Devices Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector Facebook releases timeline of murder filmed live on platform Netflix needs another hit as subscribers decline in Q1 Is Apple considering a 20pc stake in Toshiba’s chip business? OK Google, did Burger King just give you a flame-grilled burn? Qualcomm hit with multimillion-dollar BlackBerry refund UK’s fresh fintech focus comes from noughties crash lessons The five-minute CIO: Colm O’Donaill, eShop World GDPR: What customer data does your company use, and why? Susan Fowler to edit Stripe’s new software engineering magazine Facebook’s WhatsApp data-share problems could be resolved soon Longhorn hacking group linked to dozens of worldwide cyberattacks 2,224 data security breaches reported in 2016, says Data Protection Commissioner Eir hit with €3m ComReg fine for missing repair obligations in 2015 Leaders’ Insights: Jackie Glynn, Three Ireland Imagine that: Irish telco joins global unified comms federation Australia gaining fourth mobile operator as TPG swoops in US-South Korea live hologram call via 5G is a world first Eir strikes deal to connect 300,000 rural homes with fibre broadband Silver Lake raises $15bn fund, while Credihealth, Innefu and Reltio boom To scale up, we need to stop punishing entrepreneurs Start-up of the week: Opening.io Sligo’s new Building Block aims to generate 200 start-up jobs 30 of New York’s finest start-ups to watch in 2017 From tech IPOs to tech IPAs: Interview with Metalman’s Gráinne Walsh ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Huge, sulphur-powered worm discovery like something from science fiction Weekend takeaway: Let us inspire you Why do Gaia’s sky scans look like Easter egg wrapping? NASA announcement confirms ocean under Enceladus could harbour life Calling all researchers to take centre stage at ResearchFest 2017 Ireland way off its EU greenhouse gas emissions targets Intel’s cancelling of IDF signals end of PC era, beginning of machines era Branch networking: Treemetrics inks €1m deal with Coillte AMBER researchers discover 22 new types of magnets Lithium-ion batteries could be obsolete if inventor has his way IoT global round-up: Mirai embraces capitalism as botnets boom Cork teens’ Irish robot to do battle at VEX Robotics World Championship How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Three’s Limerick workers fund digital literacy drive in city How can design thinking help to shape the future of work? Survival of the fittest: How to be your best self in your job Google reveals new job application service called Google Hire Google at war with US Department of Labor over pay gap Tech salaries in Northern Ireland surviving Brexit, rising in 2016 ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ How to deal with a new boss How to accommodate your introverted employees Beware of burnout: How high performers are more at risk ‘Any questions?’: What to ask in a job interview Starting a new job? Here’s how to spend your first few weeks Game giant Brenda Romero to receive BAFTA for stunning career ‘Seeing the science evolve from concept to reality is the best part of research’ MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Jet.com is looking for great talent for its Dublin office Drug analytics player Diaceutics announces 30 new jobs ESB International to recruit 150 of the ‘brightest minds’ in engineering Liberty IT is looking for people with a passion for technology Citrix expands Dublin office with 150 new jobs on the way Cybersecurity is one of the hottest areas in tech right now ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Can Google’s AutoDraw recognise your doodles? Facebook to hold its first ever Communities Summit in Chicago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world Humans on the frontline as Facebook attempts to tackle revenge porn Adorable ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ named Irish Doodle 4 Google winner Twitter is ditching the egg avatar to shed troll image Google Earth redesign sees new tours of the world’s sites included What you need to know about Tesla’s first Irish store Microsoft to finally close shutters on Windows Vista Apple to release new iMac this year, Mac Pro in 2018 Android smashes Windows and the rest is history Samsung confirms release date and specs for Galaxy S8 Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas ALL What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ‘We live and die by our client relationships’ Does your hiring pipeline encourage diversity? Dropbox: Seeking those who can embrace ‘We, not I’ Talking design thinking with Lesley Tully, Bank of Ireland Looking for a job? Qualtrics is currently hiring in Dublin ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Advice Karen Blakely, operations lead at MSD’s Ballydine facility. Image: MSD Ireland ‘Do what you love – you have to want to go to work in the morning’ 19 minutes ago1 Share Working in pharma can be an attractive proposition, but how can you grow and progress a career in the sector? Karen Blakely, operations lead at MSD’s facility in Ballydine, Co Tipperary, has travelled that particular career path before. Here, she gives us an idea of her career to date, and offers some tips for those just starting out on the journey. What first stirred your interest in a career in this area? I really liked maths and science in school. In secondary school, I got involved in an engineering project with DuPont and also completed some work experience in the area. I learned that engineering was a degree that would open up a lot of opportunities in various industries, such as oil and gas, polymers, pharmaceuticals, food and many more. At 18 years old, I still didn’t know exactly what I wanted to specialise in, but felt that a chemical engineering degree would leave my options open to a diverse career path. What steps led you to the role you now have? During my MEng chemical engineering degree, which I completed in Queen’s University Belfast, I had the opportunity of completing an internship at Pfizer in New York City. This sparked my interest in continuing to work in the pharma industry. Having subsequently secured a graduate position in MSD Ballydine, I started out as a manufacturing engineer, supporting active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) production across the site. I then moved on to process development and commercialisation, where I was responsible for tech transfers of products from other sites in New Jersey and Singapore. My next role was in management, where, as technical lead, I had the opportunity to manage a team of chemists and engineers supporting both commercial production and new product introductions. From there, I have moved into my latest role as operations lead in Ballydine, through which I am directly responsible for the operations on site. What were the biggest surprises or challenges you encountered on your career path? A ‘surprise’ for me in my career was realising the existence of gender imbalance at higher levels within many organisations, and how difficult it can sometimes be to progress. Ensuring diversity and gender balance at senior levels of organisations is important, as is support for employees to progress to these higher levels. For the last few years, I have been the diversity lead in Ballydine. At the facility, we have focused on initiatives to improve gender balance, and I’m delighted at the enthusiasm and support for this across MSD. Some of the things I have learned about during my work on diversity are the importance of networking, sponsorship and mentoring in career progression. Achieving gender balance in higher levels of organisations will always be a challenge, but seeing companies such as MSD making this a focus is really encouraging. The main thing to know is that it can be done. There are many great female role models who have demonstrated this. Related to this, another ‘surprise’ for me was the importance of relationship-building. Once upon a time, I believed that hard work, merit and business results would secure career progression within a company. I now know that this is only partly true. Regardless of gender, it’s important for everyone to build the right relationships and network, and to ensure that you have someone at the top who is willing to advocate for you when decisions are being made about career moves or project assignments. Knowing this, I now try to make a more concerted effort to reach out to and learn from other people, whether by hearing about their own experience or sharing mine. Was there any one person who was particularly influential as your career developed? There have been several people I have looked up to and gained advice from during my career so far, including some previous managers and mentors within MSD. However, the most influential people for me have been my family. My husband and two sons are totally supportive of my career goals, and we have a strong work ethic that runs in the family. What do you enjoy about your job? I enjoy the constantly changing environment that comes hand-in-hand with a production facility. The experience I have gained over the years has helped me to learn how to manage a large workload and work through change, which are important skills to have in a dynamic workplace or industry. I also enjoy working with different people across the site and can definitely say I learn something new every day! What aspects of your personality do you feel make you suited to this job? I like being busy. I like the buzz of the production environment. I tend to be quite organised, which helps me deal with the workload. I also tend to be quite optimistic, which definitely helps in the days when the feathers hit the fan! How has MSD supported you on your career path? Working at MSD has provided me with diverse experience in different areas of API production across the site. In addition, I have had several opportunities to work with colleagues in other sites within the global MSD network, and to complete short assignments overseas. MSD’s employee development programme drives ongoing discussion with your manager about development and career opportunities. Opportunities outside the core role are a key part of this. For example, working on the site diversity initiative over the last number of years has provided me with the opportunity to develop skills and knowledge in a whole new area. What advice would you give to those considering a career in this area, or just starting out in one? Science in general opens up a massive window of career opportunity. It isn’t just limited to physics, biology and chemistry – economics and geography are examples of social sciences that have huge potential for career options too. Do what you love. It is important not to choose subjects or courses based on salary or status alone. You’ve got to want to come into work in the morning and be motivated to do a great job. If you don’t know what you want to do or where you want to work, talk to people, listen and learn about different experiences. Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit In-Depth: How I Got Here, Life at MSD Related: engineering, life sciences, Pharma, employers, MSD, Tipperary, biotech, Pfizer Make sure you never miss an opportunity Follow us and stay informed! More from careers MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ ‘Every day, there is a new challenge as the tech ecosystem evolves around us’ ‘Your career is time-consuming – make sure you enjoy it’ Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cryolife Inc (CRY) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sartorius Ag (SARTF) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Penntex Midstream Partners LP (PTXP) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pampa Energia S.A. (PAM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Stake Increased by Guggenheim Capital LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Reduces Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Shares Bought by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Cuts Position in Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Banco Santander S.A. Takes Position in AT&T Inc. (T) Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Shares Bought by Guggenheim Capital LLC Banco Santander S.A. Invests $8.193 Million in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $14 Million Stake in Axcelis Technologies Inc (ACLS) TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Trueblue Inc (TBI) to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Syngenta AG (SYT) to “Hold” E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Westamerica Bancorporation (WABC) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Thursday Lebenthal Asset Management LLC Decreases Stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) April 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lebenthal Asset Management LLC cut its position in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 146,863 shares of the company’s stock after selling 733 shares during the period. Merck & Co. makes up approximately 1.1% of Lebenthal Asset Management LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. Lebenthal Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Merck & Co. were worth $8,646,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares in the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in Merck & Co. by 992.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,936,317 shares of the company’s stock worth $290,682,000 after buying an additional 4,484,427 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $223,288,000. Swedbank purchased a new position in Merck & Co. during the third quarter worth approximately $135,119,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. increased its position in Merck & Co. by 59.5% in the third quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 5,147,943 shares of the company’s stock worth $321,283,000 after buying an additional 1,921,350 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.10% of the company’s stock. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 62.80 on Tuesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $64.21 and a 200 day moving average of $62.49. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $53.06 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The firm has a market cap of $172.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 44.54 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89. The firm had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.93 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.99%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s payout ratio is 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/18/lebenthal-asset-management-llc-decreases-stake-in-merck-co-inc-mrk.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on MRK shares. Vetr upgraded Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, January 2nd. Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Friday, February 24th. Leerink Swann reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $67.74. In other Merck & Co. news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Thomas R. Cech sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.42, for a total value of $317,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at approximately $323,442. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 160,809 shares of company stock worth $10,261,846 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site German Merck aims to role out child formula for schistosomiasis drug News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Health German Merck aims to role out child formula for schistosomiasis drug Posted 18 Apr 2017 17:35 Email More A A GENEVA: Merck KGaA said it is developing a children's formula of its drug to treat schistosomiasis, a parasitic worm disease that infects millions of poor people in Africa and Asia. Schistosomiasis kills 280,000 people each year in Africa alone, the German drugmaker said on Tuesday. It can cause anemia, diarrhea, bladder cancer, slow cognitive development, as well as infertility problems in females. The company said it has donated 500 million tablets of praziquantel to the World Health Organisation (WHO) over the last 10 years for use in 39 African countries, primarily targeting children who catch the disease in contaminated rivers and lakes. But the pill is large, bitter and difficult for children to swallow, Belen Garijo, CEO of healthcare at Merck KGaA, told reporters in Geneva. The new formula will be sweeter. "We have learned that we need to customize the formulation of praziquantel to the patients that we want to treat. This is why we are developing a children user-friendly formulation that we expect to bring to the market in the next couple of years." "We are actually very close to filing because we are aiming to file in early 2019," Garijo said. "We will be filing in as many countries as possible in Africa. We don't anticipate any major challenges in production so we will scale up as quickly as we can in order to be able to put a sweetened formulation in front of the pediatric population." Merck's initial commitment 10 years ago to donate 25 million tablets a year from its plant in Mexico has grown ten-fold. Its annual donation has a value of around US$30 million, she said. "Now we have stepped up to 250 million tablets per year ... We believe that with the tablets we are donating we can treat approximately 100 million patients a year. This is going to last until elimination." Garijo was among senior pharmaceutical executives due to meet Bill Gates privately in Geneva on Tuesday to discuss stepping up the industry's contribution to fighting 18 neglected tropical diseases known as NTDs. The WHO and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will host a meeting on Wednesday. Since a key 2012 meeting in London, NTD medicines have been provided at a cost of less than US$0.50 per person per year through drug companies and partnerships, for an estimated value of US$2 billion to US$3 billion a year, WHO director-general Margaret Chan wrote in the Financial Times on Tuesday. "The tide is turning," she said. (Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Susan Fenton) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 Narendra Modi News Health German Merck aims to role out child formula for schistosomiasis drug Shares1 Tue, 18 Apr 2017-02:56pm , Reuters Merck KGaA said it is developing a children's formula of its drug to treat schistosomiasis, a parasitic worm disease that infects millions of poor people in Africa and Asia. Schistosomiasis kills 280,000 people each year in Africa alone, the German drugmaker said on Tuesday. It can cause anaemia, diarrhoea, bladder cancer, slow cognitive development, as well as infertility problems in females. The company said it has donated 500 million tablets of praziquantel to the World Health Organisation (WHO) over the last 10 years for use in 39 African countries, primarily targeting children who catch the disease in contaminated rivers and lakes. But the pill is large, bitter and difficult for children to swallow, Belen Garijo, CEO of healthcare at Merck KGaA, told reporters in Geneva. The new formula will be sweeter. "We have learned that we need to customise the formulation of praziquantel to the patients that we want to treat. This is why we are developing a children user-friendly formulation that we expect to bring to the market in the next couple of years." "We are actually very close to filing because we are aiming to file in early 2019," Garijo said. "We will be filing in as many countries as possible in Africa. We don't anticipate any major challenges in production so we will scale up as quickly as we can in order to be able to put a sweetened formulation in front of the pediatric population." Merck's initial commitment 10 years ago to donate 25 million tablets a year from its plant in Mexico has grown ten-fold. Its annual donation has a value of around $30 million, she said. "Now we have stepped up to 250 million tablets per year ... We believe that with the tablets we are donating we can treat approximately 100 million patients a year. This is going to last until elimination." Garijo was among senior pharmaceutical executives due to meet Bill Gates privately in Geneva on Tuesday to discuss stepping up the industry's contribution to fighting 18 neglected tropical diseases known as NTDs. The WHO and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation will host a meeting on Wednesday. Since a key 2012 meeting in London, NTD medicines have been provided at a cost of less than $0.50 per person per year through drug companies and partnerships, for an estimated value of $2 billion to $3 billion a year, WHO director-general Margaret Chan wrote in the Financial Times on Tuesday. "The tide is turning," she said. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Health Brain cancer can be now treated with combination therapy Health Washington: Water may be better than sports drinks for young athletes Health 'Excess fat acts as a barrier to insulin' Health Heroin, illicit drugs trigger response from immune system Health Popular workouts that harm the body Health Self-empowering people to manage their lives actively Next Article > The upcoming iPhone 8 might imitate Samsung Galaxy S8's edge-y feature! Next node The upcoming iPhone 8 might imitate Samsung Galaxy S8's edge-y feature! Related New Ebola vaccine developed, found to be highly effective Zika no longer a world public health emergency: WHO Millions of women from world's poorest countries denied contraception Video Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song WATCH: Traffic halts on Gujarat highway as pride of lions take leisurely walk! View all Tags Africa Merck KGaA Geneva Asia Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Bill Gates Financial Times London Melinda Gates Foundation Mexico NTD World Health Organisation Margaret Chan SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News UN panel raises questions over military courts in Pakistan British lawmakers set to approve PM May's June 8 election plan Syria evacuations resume days after bombing -state media, war monitor Turkey's electoral board will evaluate complaints on referendum on Wednesday - NTV Amarinder orders crackdown on sex determination centres Sport Another blow for Bayern Munich as keeper Manuel Neuer suffers broken foot Tennis-Fit-again Murray eyes first Monte Carlo final Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, April 19 Australia planning Bangladesh tour, says Bangladesh Cricket Board official Entertainment 'Thor: Ragnarok' director Taika Waititi to play Korg in film FIRST poster of Salman Khan's 'Tubelight' is OUT NOW! You CAN'T miss Pooja Bhatt's reply to Sonu Nigam's azaan rant! Alec Baldwin to replace Robert Osborne as The Essentials host Janet Jackson's creative director speaks out on divorce Money China relaxes some cross-border capital flow curbs - sources Silver prices fall by Rs 288 in futures trade on global cues R Sridhar joins IndoStar Capital as Executive VC, CEO Nickel prices rise 0.26% in futures trade as demand picks up Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad German Merck aims to role out child formula for schistosomiasis drug By Reuters Published: 05:24 EDT, 18 April 2017 | Updated: 05:24 EDT, 18 April 2017 e-mail By Stephanie Nebehay GENEVA, April 18 (Reuters) - Merck KGaA said it is developing a children's formula of its drug to treat schistosomiasis, a parasitic worm disease that infects millions of poor people in Africa and Asia. Schistosomiasis kills 280,000 people each year in Africa alone, the German drugmaker said on Tuesday. It can cause anaemia, diarrhoea, bladder cancer, slow cognitive development, as well as infertility problems in females. The company said it has donated 500 million tablets of praziquantel to the World Health Organisation (WHO) over the last 10 years for use in 39 African countries, primarily targeting children who catch the disease in contaminated rivers and lakes. But the pill is large, bitter and difficult for children to swallow, Belen Garijo, CEO of healthcare at Merck KGaA, told reporters in Geneva. The new formula will be sweeter. "We have learned that we need to customise the formulation of praziquantel to the patients that we want to treat. This is why we are developing a children user-friendly formulation that we expect to bring to the market in the next couple of years." "We are actually very close to filing because we are aiming to file in early 2019," Garijo said. "We will be filing in as many countries as possible in Africa. We don't anticipate any major challenges in production so we will scale up as quickly as we can in order to be able to put a sweetened formulation in front of the pediatric population." Merck's initial commitment 10 years ago to donate 25 million tablets a year from its plant in Mexico has grown ten-fold. Its annual donation has a value of around $30 million, she said. "Now we have stepped up to 250 million tablets per year ... We believe that with the tablets we are donating we can treat approximately 100 million patients a year. This is going to last until elimination." Garijo was among senior pharmaceutical executives due to meet Bill Gates privately in Geneva on Tuesday to discuss stepping up the industry's contribution to fighting 18 neglected tropical diseases known as NTDs. The WHO and the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation will host a meeting on Wednesday. Since a key 2012 meeting in London, NTD medicines have been provided at a cost of less than $0.50 per person per year through drug companies and partnerships, for an estimated value of $2 billion to $3 billion a year, WHO director-general Margaret Chan wrote in the Financial Times on Tuesday. "The tide is turning," she said. (Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Ferne McCann urges boyfriend Arthur Collins to turn himself in 'immediately' over nightclub acid attack  Shock revelations  EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Bumping along! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley goes braless for 30th birthday at Soho House with 49-year-old fiancé Jason Statham 'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced' Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym Pump it up!  I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella 'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million  The 61-year-old momager is not moving house  'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell' 'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction A piercing look! Bella Thorne shows off her nipple bar in see-through lingerie top in sizzling social media The racy actress shared an eyeful Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Among the cavalcade of stars Creaming it! Catherine Zeta-Jones dons creme three-piece with lacy low-cut top for Feud event in New York City The cream of the crop  Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde    Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women  'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out In her modeling footsteps Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable Showstopper! Katherine Heigl looks sensational in figure-hugging dress at Unforgettable premiere in Hollywood White goddess 'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 Embraced body confidence SPOILER ALERT: Emmerdale viewers set for a shock as Rhona Goskirk is raped by new husband Pierce Harris on their wedding night Chilling  Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration 'Bump coming along!' Missé Beqiri sparks pregnancy speculation in snap with beau Jake Hall... as followers note her 'massive boobs' Reality worlds collide She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings She certainly knows how to model underwear 'How am I supposed to hate him!': Fans can't help but swoon over actor Chris Mason... despite playing horrific rapist Leo Humphries in hit drama Broadchurch Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday The 36-year-old star shared a flashback  Crystal Palace chair Steve Parish to join Dragon's Den alongside Jenny Campbell... after Sarah Willingham quit due to husband's cancer scare  Born to smile! Makeup free Delta Goodrem shows off her toned pins in a pair of tight leggings following sweaty workout Peace and love 'Let them roam free': Braless Sam Faiers drives her fans wild as she flaunts her ample assets in extreme plunging caged jumpsuit and perspex heels  She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge £3k talent show in London bar 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar Took time out of her busy tour schedule  'I'll always keep trying': Proud Vicky Pattison shares incredible transformation photo on Instagram... after a lengthy battle with her fitness and weight Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range 'Summer needs to hurry up!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley shares throwback snap of herself flaunting her fabulous figure in strapless bikini   Surf's up! Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Ex-wife of Frasier star Kelsey  It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles Recently launched her beauty range That's a Cole lot of leg! Lily shows off her pins in shirt as she gets cosy with Inbetweenera' Simon Bird for The Philanthropist play Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well Harper, 5, and Romeo Beckham, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle exercise class in LA SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's grooming story takes another dark turn as Bethany is raped by Nathan's friend... and Lucy Fallon admits her dad can't watch 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC Celebrated Easter in Los Angeles Summer babe! Home And Away star Pia Miller shows off flawless bikini body poolside as she soaks up the sun in LA 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival The 51-year-old sunned her famous physique  'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX Glamorous in grey  'People have been asking if we swing...' Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique in the Maldives with Robin Thicke, 40 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella just weeks after latest break-up Tough times Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in best friend Kylie Jenner's reality show  'She was asked to audition': Britain's Got Talent star Sarah Ikumu 'scouted to appear on the show'... after being sent straight to semi-finals by the gold buzzer How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Enviable physique Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after SIX years together - despite promising her he'd learn it in TWO MONTHS 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday 'It's the last thing she needs while heavily pregnant': Jennifer Metcalfe becomes the next target of hackers as 'nude photos of her are leaked online' Amber Turner sizzles in thigh-skimming red playsuit for TOWIE filming... after 'breaking down in tears' over backlash from Dan Edgar split 'It can be right, and it's still wrong': Harry Styles FINALLY breaks silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album has songs about Kendall Jenner Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter Maya  Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid The 44-year-old looked younger than ever  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a country walk in the Cotswolds... after becoming a father for the second time Heading out for a stroll 'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party 'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' 'They look so weird': Katie Price sends her fans wild over her heavily painted BROWS as she shares throwback snap of herself with baby Jett Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day Laura Whitmore cannot be missed in bold fashion-forward dress as she takes her play Not Dead Yet to Dublin 'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Is that your downward dog, Ella? Health food guru posts picture of herself performing yoga The 25-year-old posted the picture of herself doing a yoga handstand   Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans She unveiled her sunglass collection  Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz heads back to £5m mansion... despite speculation he is set to be evicted from singer's home 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Bumping along nicely  The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world The 38-year-old proudly announced news on Monday  Fashion parade in Chelsea! Lottie Moss rocks near-identical ensemble to MIC's Frankie Gaff as they go low-key with frayed jeans and statement jackets Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source claims the pair have no plans to tie the knot From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's the Australian actress who is known for her effortless style. Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Doting mother Emily Blunt cradles baby daughter Violet as she touches down in London for low-key Easter getaway Rare public appearance 'Paradise': Love Island beauty Kady McDermott displays her toned derriere in a bikini as she enjoys romantic getaway with boyfriend Scott Thomas Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends' and do bedtime with daughter Marlowe 'every day' 'Togetherness is ideal' Getting on her Wick(s)! Megan McKenna appears riled as she chats on the phone during TOWIE filming... as saga with ex Pete rages on 'Channeling my inner Kylie!' Mollie King dazzles in gold halterneck bikini as she soaks up the sun at Coachella Soaking up the sunshine James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she covers Dazed magazine Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere says the studios won't hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo... amid claims he 'got another woman pregnant' Leg it! TOWIE's Georgia Kousoulou looks sexy in a daringly short black mini skirt and perspex heels as she films scenes with Tommy Mallet Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn slips into a skimpy scarlet bikini as she soaks up the sun poolside in Marbella Ensured all eyes were on her once again Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog The happy couple  Lovely in leather! Anne Hathaway highlights toned legs in chic tights with off-the-shoulder sweater as she takes meetings in NYC Katy Perry claims she 'wasn't allowed' to interact with gay people during strict evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' while growing up Olivia Buckland reveals she and Alex Bowen have set a date for the first Love Island wedding... and show host Caroline Flack is on the guest list Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos they made  'Sun's out!' Former TOWIE star Lauren Pope displays her shapely bottom as she hits the outdoor pool in vibrant red swimsuit during stay at health spa Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis 'set for RETURN' to Celebrity Big Brother this summer alongside Rhian Sugden, Charlotte Crosby and Bear Chantelle Connelly puts on raunchy display in gold lamé bodysuit... as she shows off her ample assets in a cheeky Instagram video Tongues wagging  'It looks like Halloween came early!' Pink-haired Pixie Lott is left with mascara running down her face as she gets doused with water while playing radio game 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Sliding away  What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter  neighbor loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing their Hollywood homes  Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Open and honest  Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Renovation expert jetted to the island destination Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Katie Couric was all smiles on Monday night  Leigh-Anne Pinnock reunites with footballer beau Andre Gray as she arrives back in the UK... after pining for her man on Little Mix tour Has been missing him Kym Marsh is stylish in stripes as she and daughter Polly, 6, head out for a family dinner date in Manchester  Upstaged by her cute daughter  'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran Busty Ola Jordan flaunts her VERY ample assets in sizzling selfie as she continues to enjoy romantic break in the Maldives with her husband James The (Esse)X Factor? Gemma Collins shows off her powerful singing skills as she croons along to Britain's Got Talent hopeful Sarah Ikumu 'It was all posturing bulls***': Mel Gibson threw an ashtray THROUGH a wall during Braveheart budget meetings with studio Stephen Fry admits 'it's my fault' as tweeting luvvies line up to joke and comment on snap general election  Candid confession  Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'human realness' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model strut Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Tokyo 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese in Las Vegas Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Lads on the town Leaving Los Angeles! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in fitted crop-top after long weekend at Coachella... as she prepares for return to London Thirsty work! Peru Two drug mule Michaella McCollum showcases her toned bikini body as she sips cocktails and frolics in the sea on her lengthy Ibiza holiday He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Too much coffee? Cackling Vicky Pattison verges on hysterical as she excitedly arrives at the ITV studios in formal work attire TV pro turned giddy 'I lost four toenails and was covered in cuts and bruises!' Heavily pregnant Amy Childs suffers dangerous fall as she prepares to give birth 'any day'  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Leggy Lily Collins turns heads in a semi-sheer thigh-split gown as she steps out in London after receiving 'epic' message from Michelle Obama Jennifer Garner is in very high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... after claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' 'Taking selfies left, right and centre': Love Island star Malin Andersson spends £7k on cosmetic surgery so she can look good on Instagram Amber Heard, 30, would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and is planning 'to settle down and have a family' with the Tesla owner  Who won the battle of the royal palace versus the pop princess pad? How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington study look stuffy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Military News Global Pharmerging Market: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth According to a new study by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global pharmerging market is highly competitive in nature. Led by Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Novartis AG, and Merck & Co. Inc., the market demonstrates an extremely fragmented structure. The leading players are focusing on product innovation to strengthen their market presence, which, consequently, is increasing research and development activities in the market. Over the coming years, the involvement of these players will increase in mergers and acquisitions directed towards the expansion of their businesses, states the research report. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pharmerging-market.html As per TMR’s estimations, the global market for pharmerging stood at US$552.8 mn in 2015. Researchers expect it to rise at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2016 to 2024 and reach a value of US$1.40 bn by the end of the forecast period. The market has been witnessing a higher demand for pharmaceuticals products and the trend is expected to continue over the next few years, thanks to the growing requirement of branded as well as generic drugs. Hospitals to Emerge as Key Distribution Channel Hospitals, clinics, retail pharmacies, e-commerce, and drug stores have been considered as the key types of distribution channels in the global market for pharmerging in this research report. The hospitals segment has surfaced as the most attractive distribution channel among these, thanks to the increased emphasis on establishing hospitals as primary care providers and the rising number of state-of-art hospital chains across the world. With the rise in the government investments to improve the accessibility to medicine at affordable price, this segment is likely to retain its position during the forecast period. On the geographical front, the research report has classified the worldwide pharmerging market into Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe. Asia Pacific dominated this market in 2016 with a share of 53%. Supported by the swift urbanization, infrastructural advancements in the medical and healthcare industry, and the rising investments for medical research, this regional market is likely to remain on the top throughout the forecast period. Driven by technological advancements, the markets for pharmerging in Europe and Latin America are also expected to experience a substantial rise in the near future. Fill the Form for an Exclusive Sample of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Constant Research and Development to Drive Market “The global market for pharmerging is heavily driven by the increasing expenditure by various governments across the world on healthcare,” says an analyst at TMR. The increasing prevalence of various diseases and the rise in healthcare issues have increased the government interventions in terms of providing healthcare services, which are accessible to all at affordable prices, reflecting positively on the growth of this market. The constant research and development in the field of pharmerging is also adding substantially to this market. Currently, the market looks thriving and its future looks bright. However, it may face challenges in the years to come from the weakening of the economy in emerging regions, especially Africa, notes the research study. The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled “Pharmerging Market (Product Type – Pharmaceuticals (Branded Prescription Drugs, Generic Drugs (Branded Generics, Unbranded Generics, and OTC Drugs) and Healthcare (Medical Devices, Diagnostic Instruments, and IT and Record Management); Economic Growth Levels – Tier – 1, Tier – 2, and Tier – 3; Indications – Lifestyle Diseases, Cancer and Autoimmune Diseases, and Infectious Diseases; Distribution Channel – Hospitals, Clinics, Retail Pharmacies, E-commerce, and Drug Stores) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Antiemetic Drugs Market: Advanced Technologies & Growth Opportunities in Global Industry by 2023 Next PostNext Global Market for Chemical Sensors is Forecasted to Grow at a CAGR of 10.15% by 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Cryptocurrency Market Analysis with Oulook and Focus on Major Players OTR Tires Market Report by Top Manufacturers – Bridgestone, Michelin, Goodyear, Yokohama Tire Global Small Satellite Market Analysis by Application-Earth Observation and Meteorology, Technology Demonstration, Broadcasting and Telecommunication– Froecast 2021 Airbus Group SE (EADSY: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change GoGo Baby Inc (ALPC: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market Research Report: Market Competition, Value Chain Analysis and Forecast 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/18/2017 — Major market players of prescription dermatology therapeutics market include Allergan Inc., Bayer AG, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Genentech, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Merck & Company, Inc., Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Pfizer, Inc., SkinMedica, Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. and Valeant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Skin is the largest organ of the body, and the first point of contact for microbes and toxins, any functional issue with it makes the person pay high prices for it. It contains a rich habitat of microbes which results in various dysfunctions, and this is the point where dermatology steps in. The importance of skin has increased in the recent years. High range of population is willing to treat various dermatological diseases due to awareness. Expansion of the number of indications treated by topical drugs is likely to drive the growth of the dermatology drugs market. Historically acne and rosacea have been the primary indications treated, however ongoing research and development efforts focused on new signs such as hair growth, discoloration, and onychomycosis promise to increase the range of uses for prescription dermatology therapeutics and as a result, expand the addressable market of the prescription dermatology therapeutics. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Drivers and Restraints An increase in pollution, stress, and lack of nutrition, skin disorders are growing at a rapid pace. People are obsessed with their aesthetic appearance due to an overbearing influence of celebrity culture and rising expenditure on personal care is driving demand for aesthetic procedures and therapies. The urban people are getting more exposed towards dermatologists and have their treatments done with them to assure safety and efficacy and get their desired results. A long-term impact in the field of research and development is making newer innovations in the field to dermatology. This, in turn, is leading the companies to shift their focus more on the dermatological segment which leads them towards good business opportunities in prescription dermatology therapeutics market. However stringent regulations for approval of dermatology drugs is restraining the growth of this market. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Segmentation By product type, the prescription dermatology therapeutics market can be segmented into, Prescription Acne and Rosacea Drugs Prescription Fungal Infection Drugs Prescription Psoriasis Drugs Prescription Hyperpigmentation/ Melisma Drugs Prescription Skin Cancer Drugs Prescription Hair Loss and Hair Removal Drugs Prescription Antiaging and Photo Damage Drugs Prescription Dermatitis and Seborrhea Drugs Other Prescription Skin Disorder Drugs By distribution channel, the prescription dermatology therapeutics market can be segmented into, Hospital Pharmacy Retail Pharmacy Mail Order Pharmacy High frequency of skin disorders and skin cancers across the globe is expected to increase the number of patients who will require diagnosis and treatment for several skin conditions, in turn, boosting the demand for prescription dermatology therapeutics market. Browse full report on Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market – http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/prescription-dermatology-therapeutics-market.html Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Overview Growing awareness about skin quality, coupled with the rising spending power of people worldwide, are some of the factors driving demand in the global prescription dermatology therapeutics market. Also, aggressive marketing strategies from existing players along with massive investment in research and development to create new drugs have led to significant increase in sales of prescription dermatology therapeutic drugs. Besides, the omnipresent polluted environment, busy lifestyle, global warming are affecting the quality of skin, has also been bolstering swift uptake of therapies that help to protect the skin and thwart damages. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Region-wise Outlook Regionally, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe dominate the global prescription dermatology therapeutics market with maximum share. However, Asia-Pacific region will gain market share due to robust demand from developing countries with fast-growing economies such as China, Japan, and India. The increasing awareness about organic products and the rising fortunes of the middle-class populace has facilitated a massive upsurge in the prescription dermatology therapeutics in this region. Prescription Dermatology Therapeutics Market: Key Players The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request for brochure of this report – http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22733 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Wax Filled PC Strand Market 2017-2022 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Next PostNext Data Center Automation Software and Services Market Trends and Forecast by 2024 Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Science BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Why a scientist who's worked in the drug industry for 25 years thinks 'today is the most exciting time to be in the biological sciences' Lydia Ramsey Apr. 18, 2017, 10:49 AM 7,718 facebook linkedin twitter email print UC Davis College of Engineering/flickr Daria Hazuda, Merck's vice president of infectious disease discovery and chief scientific officer of MRL Cambridge Exploratory Science Center, is a 25-year industry veteran. That means the researcher has been in drug discovery — the earliest stage of the drug development process — long enough to see her fair share of successes, like the development of treatments for HIV, as well as failures.  But of all the years of innovation and cutting-edge ideas she's experienced, she told Business Insider that right now is the best time to be in the field. "Today is the most exciting time to be in the biological sciences," she told Business Insider.  That's for a few reasons, she said.  There's been an explosion of new research on the microbiome, or the microorganisms that live in and on our bodies that play a role in our overall health, compared to five years ago when there was just a trickle of new developments.  Then there's CRISPR, the groundbreaking gene-editing tool that could one day manipulate cells to create new therapies.  There's also been better research on the immune system, which in turn is helping build a better understanding of infectious diseases, Hazuda said. Research in to infectious disease biology, the research Hazuda works on, is now expanding beyond pathogens (the bacteria, viruses or other organisms that cause disease). Now, Hazuda and other researchers are learning more about entire "constellations of organisms," such as mosquitoes or zebra fish. These external creatures could be an important piece of human health, even if they're not inside the body, she said.  But even with these developments, there's still a lot we don't know about the biological sciences, Hazuda said. It's why her employer Merck set up a video in which the company asked people what inventions they can't wait for. Very few mentioned new ways to treat diseases.    "It's important for people to understand that there are still amazing discoveries that are yet to be made," she said. "What looks crazy today will become routine in the future."  SEE ALSO: Here’s how your doctor can help you keep medical costs down DON'T MISS: There's a growing movement of surgery centers and specialists that list their prices and don't take insurance NOW WATCH: You're probably running all wrong Loading video... More: Health Innovation Medicine Merck facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Why a scientist who's worked in the drug industry for 25 years thinks 'today is the most exciting time to be in the biological sciences' Why a scientist who's worked in the drug industry for 25 years thinks 'today is the most exciting time to be in the biological sciences' Daria Hazuda, Merck's vice president of... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Science Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska 5 Stocks to Watch as Canada Gets Hooked on Cannabis OilPrice.com News Commentary News provided by OilPrice.com Apr 18, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article LONDON, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- No bull market has grown bigger horns this decade than medical marijuana, and while there's not as much big pot money to get in on in the U.S., the Canadian play ground is about to explode. Big pharma and biotechs with recent developments and potential interest in the industry include: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Sanofi (NYSE: SNY), Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Novartis AG (NYSE: NVS). Not only is medical marijuana federally legalized in Canada, but the government has now begun the process of legalizing its recreational use, and this will open the flood gates for producers whose stocks are already soaring to amazing heights.   The launch of the first marijuana exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Canada took place in the first week of April, giving us diverse exposure to this tantalizing sector. The Horizons Medical Marijuana Life Sciences ETF (HMMJ) launched on the Toronto Stock Exchange with 11 Canadian-listed stocks and four U.S.-listed stocks. Here are 5 stocks that we think are worth watching closely in the immediate future: #1 Canopy Growth Corp.   Currently trading with a market cap of CAD$1.66 billion, this company is considered Canada's first 'cannabis unicorn', and it's been on a bull run for a while. This company is ripe for the legalization of marijuana for recreational use. It's just announced the licensing of new facilities at its flagship project at Smiths Falls, with expanded growing capabilities. It's also just been granted approval for more expansion. This is also the first cannabis company to be included in the new S&P/TSX Composite Index.   Shares in Canopy Growth jumped 9 percent to $10.84 on 27 March, just when the Canadian government clarified that it intended to legalize recreational marijuana in time for Canada Day celebrations in July next year. Overall, Canopy has seen its stock rise more than 386 percent in the past year, making it a real 'unicorn' (the favored term for start-ups hitting the billion-dollar mark). #2 Invictus MD (IMH.V; IVITF)  This is another first-and it's a big one: Invictus is the first licensed medical marijuana company to pay a dividend to shareholders, and it's also well-prepared for the legalization of recreational marijuana.   We're watching Invictus closely because it's been smartly targeting small and mid-size companies with significant growth potential, and its strategy is all about profitability. It's also not afraid to get down and dirty. Its owners were quietly scooping up 'pick and shovel' assets to lower the costs of its marijuana production, and just waiting for a big reason to draw everyone's attention: Legalization of recreational use will do it. And the kicker: In December they paid their shareholders $1 million in dividends. That's something no cannabis company has done yet.   Recently, they've made some game-changing acquisitions valued at some CAD$90 million. They own over 33 percent in AB Laboratories Inc., which received its cultivation license last October, and the sales license is expected in Q2. It's also in the process of closing its acquisition of 100 acres with AB Ventures Inc., and is targeting production here of 25,000 kilograms by 2020. In Alberta, Invictus MD will be exercising its option to acquire 100 percent of the most recently granted license at Acreage Pharms. The cultivation license is currently for an 8,000 square foot facility and a 30,000 square foot expansion plan. The property is approximately 150 acres and can accommodate for millions of square feet of cultivation expansion as demand increases. The catalysts keep mounting for this small-cap with large-cap savvy. #3 GW Pharmaceuticals   If you're not ready for a cannabis producer-despite the major Canadian catalysts-this cannabinoid-based drug developer is a good bet, even State side because these companies aren't likely to be negatively affected by the Trump administration's indications that it's not marijuana-friendly. GW Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company that develops and commercializes therapeutics using a proprietary cannabinoid product platform. This company has a $3 billion valuation thanks to success in pivotal Phase 3 trials of Epidiolex, an experimental drug targeting treatment of two rare types of childhood-onset epilepsy. Right now, we're probably looking at a 50 percent change of FDA approval because of these tests, so things are looking pretty good. #4 Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) If you're wondering why big pharma isn't cashing in on the medical marijuana bonanza, this is why: They're sitting on the sidelines right now. Why re-invent the wheel? They bide their time letting the ambitious small-caps spend all the cash with development and clinical trials. Once it's all across the finish line, they will swoop in and buy them up. They won't compete with them. They will own them-eventually, so there's no need to dabble in this until it's all solid. For now, though big pharma is bent on blocking progress in terms of legalization of recreational marijuana, but this is smoke and mirrors-they're just buying time, with some working on synthetic strains of marijuana. Given the momentum particularly in Canada right now, we think it's time to start looking at a couple of the biggest pharma companies who will likely benefit from all the small-cap breakthroughs in this segment. So we start with France-based Sanofi, which is currently trading as a $111.51-billion market cap company. Since its IPO in July 2002, Sanofi's performance year to date is 8.41 percent. The company has seen EPS growth of 1.40 percent for the last year, and performance of 10.19 percent for the same period. Sanofi's biggest growth driver will likely be Dupixent-a powerful new drug for eczema--which is expected to hit sales of US$4.3 billion by 2022, over half of this in the U.S., Dupixent is a major drug blockbuster, and it won FDA approval on 28 March. This is a huge catalyst that sets up Sanofi for a brilliant year. #5 Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) This drug maker offers sizzling dividends, and its growth picture looks very solid, for the first time in a long time. Pfizer's two segments-innovative health and essential health-generated $52.8 billion in revenue last year, with net income of $7.2 billion. Its operating cash flow was nearly $16 billion. While its legacy products are experiencing declining sales, its new products are now very promising, and this is the year that we'll really see growth, particularly with two new cancer drugs and an autoimmune disease drug. What is most likely Pfizer's most attractive aspect is its financial flexibility, which puts it ahead of its peers. The company's debt-to-equity ratio wasn't great for Q1, but keep in mind, this was because of a series of acquisitions (Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Hospira, Medivation). More than any other, this company is set up with cash that will allow it to take advantage of any really good acquisition opportunities. Even amid still competition and tough patent battles, Pfizer is still impressing with increases in revenues year-on-year. Honorable Mentions? Of course: Aphria Inc.-this is the second biggest cannabis producer in Canada, and it's only recently been put on Canada's index funds. Aurora Cannabis Inc. - another Canadian cannabis giant-in-the-making, this company could give Canopy Growth a run for its money. Merck (NYSE: MRK)-this drug industry leader is on the bounce-back. The some $170-billion market-cap company's Keytrude drug, which won approval for treating melanoma in 2014, could reach peak annual sales of $8 billion, and the stock is up some 20 percent since Q1 2016. And it's got more in the pipeline. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Novartis (NYSE: NVS), and Roche also all have very hot pipelines. JNJ probably has the biggest pipeline, and Novartis' cancer portfolio is looking extremely attractive. Roche has about 150 products in development. Canadian Knight Therapeutics (TSX: GUD) has beat analyst expectations (in Q1 2017), earning $7.9-million on revenue of $1.8-million-compared to $300,000 it reported in the same period last year. Still needs more in the development pipeline, though. (Market cap, CAD$1.45 billion) ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.-this CAD$1.4 billion-market cap company has just remedied its financing overhang, and also got a boost from a $9.5-million purchase order. By Charles Kennedy of Oilprice.com Legal Disclaimer/Disclosure from OilPrice.com: This piece is an advertorial and has been paid for. This document is not and should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any investment. No information in this Report should be construed as individualized investment advice. A licensed financial advisor should be consulted prior to making any investment decision. We make no guarantee, representation or warranty and accept no responsibility or liability as to its accuracy or completeness. Expressions of opinion are those of Oilprice.com only and are subject to change without notice. Oilprice.com assumes no warranty, liability or guarantee for the current relevance, correctness or completeness of any information provided within this Report and will not be held liable for the consequence of reliance upon any opinion or statement contained herein or any omission. Furthermore, we assume no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage or, in particular, for lost profit, which you may incur as a result of the use and existence of the information, provided within this Report. All content contained herein is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the original article posted on Oilprice.com and subject to the terms and conditions therein. DISCLAIMER: OilPrice.com is Source of all content listed above. FN Media Group, LLC (FNM), is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated in any manner with OilPrice.com or any company mentioned herein. The commentary, views and opinions expressed in this release by OilPrice.com are solely those of OilPrice.com and are not shared by and do not reflect in any manner the views or opinions of FNM. FNM is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. FNM was not compensated by any public company mentioned herein to disseminate this press release. FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Media Contact e-mail: editor@financialnewsmedia.com U.S. Phone: +1(954)345-0611 SOURCE OilPrice.com Apr 17, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Big Investors Backing a Marijuana Boom in 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 17, 2017, 08:00 ETBig Investors Backing a Marijuana Boom in 2017 Apr 04, 2017, 08:00 ETTop Gold Companies Worth a Look in the Market Today Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Agriculture You just read: 5 Stocks to Watch as Canada Gets Hooked on Cannabis News provided by OilPrice.com Apr 18, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News 5 Stocks to Watch as Canada Gets Hooked on Cannabis OilPrice.com News Commentary LONDON, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- No bull market has grown bigger horns this decade than medical marijuana, and while there's not as much big pot money to get in on in the U.S., the Canadian play ground is about to explode. Big pharma and biotechs with recent developments and potential interest in the industry include: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Sanofi (NYSE: SNY), Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Novartis AG (NYSE: NVS). Not only is medical marijuana federally legalized in Canada, but the government has now begun the process of legalizing its recreational use, and this will open the flood gates for producers whose stocks are already soaring to amazing heights.   The launch of the first marijuana exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Canada took place in the first week of April, giving us diverse exposure to this tantalizing sector. The Horizons Medical Marijuana Life Sciences ETF (HMMJ) launched on the Toronto Stock Exchange with 11 Canadian-listed stocks and four U.S.-listed stocks. Here are 5 stocks that we think are worth watching closely in the immediate future: #1 Canopy Growth Corp.   Currently trading with a market cap of CAD$1.66 billion, this company is considered Canada's first 'cannabis unicorn', and it's been on a bull run for a while. This company is ripe for the legalization of marijuana for recreational use. It's just announced the licensing of new facilities at its flagship project at Smiths Falls, with expanded growing capabilities. It's also just been granted approval for more expansion. This is also the first cannabis company to be included in the new S&P/TSX Composite Index.   Shares in Canopy Growth jumped 9 percent to $10.84 on 27 March, just when the Canadian government clarified that it intended to legalize recreational marijuana in time for Canada Day celebrations in July next year. Overall, Canopy has seen its stock rise more than 386 percent in the past year, making it a real 'unicorn' (the favored term for start-ups hitting the billion-dollar mark). #2 Invictus MD (IMH.V; IVITF)  This is another first-and it's a big one: Invictus is the first licensed medical marijuana company to pay a dividend to shareholders, and it's also well-prepared for the legalization of recreational marijuana.   We're watching Invictus closely because it's been smartly targeting small and mid-size companies with significant growth potential, and its strategy is all about profitability. It's also not afraid to get down and dirty. Its owners were quietly scooping up 'pick and shovel' assets to lower the costs of its marijuana production, and just waiting for a big reason to draw everyone's attention: Legalization of recreational use will do it. And the kicker: In December they paid their shareholders $1 million in dividends. That's something no cannabis company has done yet.   Recently, they've made some game-changing acquisitions valued at some CAD$90 million. They own over 33 percent in AB Laboratories Inc., which received its cultivation license last October, and the sales license is expected in Q2. It's also in the process of closing its acquisition of 100 acres with AB Ventures Inc., and is targeting production here of 25,000 kilograms by 2020. In Alberta, Invictus MD will be exercising its option to acquire 100 percent of the most recently granted license at Acreage Pharms. The cultivation license is currently for an 8,000 square foot facility and a 30,000 square foot expansion plan. The property is approximately 150 acres and can accommodate for millions of square feet of cultivation expansion as demand increases. The catalysts keep mounting for this small-cap with large-cap savvy. #3 GW Pharmaceuticals   If you're not ready for a cannabis producer-despite the major Canadian catalysts-this cannabinoid-based drug developer is a good bet, even State side because these companies aren't likely to be negatively affected by the Trump administration's indications that it's not marijuana-friendly. GW Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company that develops and commercializes therapeutics using a proprietary cannabinoid product platform. This company has a $3 billion valuation thanks to success in pivotal Phase 3 trials of Epidiolex, an experimental drug targeting treatment of two rare types of childhood-onset epilepsy. Right now, we're probably looking at a 50 percent change of FDA approval because of these tests, so things are looking pretty good. #4 Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) If you're wondering why big pharma isn't cashing in on the medical marijuana bonanza, this is why: They're sitting on the sidelines right now. Why re-invent the wheel? They bide their time letting the ambitious small-caps spend all the cash with development and clinical trials. Once it's all across the finish line, they will swoop in and buy them up. They won't compete with them. They will own them-eventually, so there's no need to dabble in this until it's all solid. For now, though big pharma is bent on blocking progress in terms of legalization of recreational marijuana, but this is smoke and mirrors-they're just buying time, with some working on synthetic strains of marijuana. Given the momentum particularly in Canada right now, we think it's time to start looking at a couple of the biggest pharma companies who will likely benefit from all the small-cap breakthroughs in this segment. So we start with France-based Sanofi, which is currently trading as a $111.51-billion market cap company. Since its IPO in July 2002, Sanofi's performance year to date is 8.41 percent. The company has seen EPS growth of 1.40 percent for the last year, and performance of 10.19 percent for the same period. Sanofi's biggest growth driver will likely be Dupixent-a powerful new drug for eczema--which is expected to hit sales of US$4.3 billion by 2022, over half of this in the U.S., Dupixent is a major drug blockbuster, and it won FDA approval on 28 March. This is a huge catalyst that sets up Sanofi for a brilliant year. #5 Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) This drug maker offers sizzling dividends, and its growth picture looks very solid, for the first time in a long time. Pfizer's two segments-innovative health and essential health-generated $52.8 billion in revenue last year, with net income of $7.2 billion. Its operating cash flow was nearly $16 billion. While its legacy products are experiencing declining sales, its new products are now very promising, and this is the year that we'll really see growth, particularly with two new cancer drugs and an autoimmune disease drug. What is most likely Pfizer's most attractive aspect is its financial flexibility, which puts it ahead of its peers. The company's debt-to-equity ratio wasn't great for Q1, but keep in mind, this was because of a series of acquisitions (Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Hospira, Medivation). More than any other, this company is set up with cash that will allow it to take advantage of any really good acquisition opportunities. Even amid still competition and tough patent battles, Pfizer is still impressing with increases in revenues year-on-year. Honorable Mentions? Of course: Aphria Inc.-this is the second biggest cannabis producer in Canada, and it's only recently been put on Canada's index funds. Aurora Cannabis Inc. - another Canadian cannabis giant-in-the-making, this company could give Canopy Growth a run for its money. Merck (NYSE: MRK)-this drug industry leader is on the bounce-back. The some $170-billion market-cap company's Keytrude drug, which won approval for treating melanoma in 2014, could reach peak annual sales of $8 billion, and the stock is up some 20 percent since Q1 2016. And it's got more in the pipeline. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Novartis (NYSE: NVS), and Roche also all have very hot pipelines. JNJ probably has the biggest pipeline, and Novartis' cancer portfolio is looking extremely attractive. Roche has about 150 products in development. Canadian Knight Therapeutics (TSX: GUD) has beat analyst expectations (in Q1 2017), earning $7.9-million on revenue of $1.8-million-compared to $300,000 it reported in the same period last year. Still needs more in the development pipeline, though. (Market cap, CAD$1.45 billion) ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.-this CAD$1.4 billion-market cap company has just remedied its financing overhang, and also got a boost from a $9.5-million purchase order. By Charles Kennedy of Oilprice.com Legal Disclaimer/Disclosure from OilPrice.com: This piece is an advertorial and has been paid for. This document is not and should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any investment. No information in this Report should be construed as individualized investment advice. A licensed financial advisor should be consulted prior to making any investment decision. We make no guarantee, representation or warranty and accept no responsibility or liability as to its accuracy or completeness. Expressions of opinion are those of Oilprice.com only and are subject to change without notice. Oilprice.com assumes no warranty, liability or guarantee for the current relevance, correctness or completeness of any information provided within this Report and will not be held liable for the consequence of reliance upon any opinion or statement contained herein or any omission. Furthermore, we assume no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage or, in particular, for lost profit, which you may incur as a result of the use and existence of the information, provided within this Report. All content contained herein is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the original article posted on Oilprice.com and subject to the terms and conditions therein. DISCLAIMER: OilPrice.com is Source of all content listed above. FN Media Group, LLC (FNM), is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated in any manner with OilPrice.com or any company mentioned herein. The commentary, views and opinions expressed in this release by OilPrice.com are solely those of OilPrice.com and are not shared by and do not reflect in any manner the views or opinions of FNM. FNM is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. FNM was not compensated by any public company mentioned herein to disseminate this press release. FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Media Contact e-mail: editor@financialnewsmedia.com U.S. Phone: +1(954)345-0611 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAgriculture, Banking/Financial Services, Health Care/Hospitals, Investments Opinions, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pediatric Ventilators Market by Technology, Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Pet Vaccine Sales Market by Technology, Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecasts, 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News 5 Stocks to Watch as Canada Gets Hooked on Cannabis LONDON, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — No bull market has grown bigger horns this decade than medical marijuana, and while there’s not as much big pot money to get in on in the U.S., the Canadian play ground is about to explode. Big pharma and biotechs with recent developments and potential interest in the industry include: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Sanofi (NYSE: SNY), Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE: PFE), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Novartis AG (NYSE: NVS). Not only is medical marijuana federally legalized in Canada, but the government has now begun the process of legalizing its recreational use, and this will open the flood gates for producers whose stocks are already soaring to amazing heights.   The launch of the first marijuana exchange-traded fund (ETF) in Canada took place in the first week of April, giving us diverse exposure to this tantalizing sector. The Horizons Medical Marijuana Life Sciences ETF (HMMJ) launched on the Toronto Stock Exchange with 11 Canadian-listed stocks and four U.S.-listed stocks. Here are 5 stocks that we think are worth watching closely in the immediate future: #1 Canopy Growth Corp.   Currently trading with a market cap of CAD$1.66 billion, this company is considered Canada’s first ‚cannabis unicorn’, and it’s been on a bull run for a while. This company is ripe for the legalization of marijuana for recreational use. It’s just announced the licensing of new facilities at its flagship project at Smiths Falls, with expanded growing capabilities. It’s also just been granted approval for more expansion. This is also the first cannabis company to be included in the new S&P/TSX Composite Index.   Shares in Canopy Growth jumped 9 percent to $10.84 on 27 March, just when the Canadian government clarified that it intended to legalize recreational marijuana in time for Canada Day celebrations in July next year. Overall, Canopy has seen its stock rise more than 386 percent in the past year, making it a real ‚unicorn’ (the favored term for start-ups hitting the billion-dollar mark). #2 Invictus MD (IMH.V; IVITF)  This is another first-and it’s a big one: Invictus is the first licensed medical marijuana company to pay a dividend to shareholders, and it’s also well-prepared for the legalization of recreational marijuana.   We’re watching Invictus closely because it’s been smartly targeting small and mid-size companies with significant growth potential, and its strategy is all about profitability. It’s also not afraid to get down and dirty. Its owners were quietly scooping up ‚pick and shovel’ assets to lower the costs of its marijuana production, and just waiting for a big reason to draw everyone’s attention: Legalization of recreational use will do it. And the kicker: In December they paid their shareholders $1 million in dividends. That’s something no cannabis company has done yet.   Recently, they’ve made some game-changing acquisitions valued at some CAD$90 million. They own over 33 percent in AB Laboratories Inc., which received its cultivation license last October, and the sales license is expected in Q2. It’s also in the process of closing its acquisition of 100 acres with AB Ventures Inc., and is targeting production here of 25,000 kilograms by 2020. In Alberta, Invictus MD will be exercising its option to acquire 100 percent of the most recently granted license at Acreage Pharms. The cultivation license is currently for an 8,000 square foot facility and a 30,000 square foot expansion plan. The property is approximately 150 acres and can accommodate for millions of square feet of cultivation expansion as demand increases. The catalysts keep mounting for this small-cap with large-cap savvy. #3 GW Pharmaceuticals   If you’re not ready for a cannabis producer-despite the major Canadian catalysts-this cannabinoid-based drug developer is a good bet, even State side because these companies aren’t likely to be negatively affected by the Trump administration’s indications that it’s not marijuana-friendly. GW Pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company that develops and commercializes therapeutics using a proprietary cannabinoid product platform. This company has a $3 billion valuation thanks to success in pivotal Phase 3 trials of Epidiolex, an experimental drug targeting treatment of two rare types of childhood-onset epilepsy. Right now, we’re probably looking at a 50 percent change of FDA approval because of these tests, so things are looking pretty good. #4 Sanofi (NYSE: SNY) If you’re wondering why big pharma isn’t cashing in on the medical marijuana bonanza, this is why: They’re sitting on the sidelines right now. Why re-invent the wheel? They bide their time letting the ambitious small-caps spend all the cash with development and clinical trials. Once it’s all across the finish line, they will swoop in and buy them up. They won’t compete with them. They will own them-eventually, so there’s no need to dabble in this until it’s all solid. For now, though big pharma is bent on blocking progress in terms of legalization of recreational marijuana, but this is smoke and mirrors-they’re just buying time, with some working on synthetic strains of marijuana. Given the momentum particularly in Canada right now, we think it’s time to start looking at a couple of the biggest pharma companies who will likely benefit from all the small-cap breakthroughs in this segment. So we start with France-based Sanofi, which is currently trading as a $111.51-billion market cap company. Since its IPO in July 2002, Sanofi’s performance year to date is 8.41 percent. The company has seen EPS growth of 1.40 percent for the last year, and performance of 10.19 percent for the same period. Sanofi’s biggest growth driver will likely be Dupixent-a powerful new drug for eczema–which is expected to hit sales of US$4.3 billion by 2022, over half of this in the U.S., Dupixent is a major drug blockbuster, and it won FDA approval on 28 March. This is a huge catalyst that sets up Sanofi for a brilliant year. #5 Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) This drug maker offers sizzling dividends, and its growth picture looks very solid, for the first time in a long time. Pfizer’s two segments-innovative health and essential health-generated $52.8 billion in revenue last year, with net income of $7.2 billion. Its operating cash flow was nearly $16 billion. While its legacy products are experiencing declining sales, its new products are now very promising, and this is the year that we’ll really see growth, particularly with two new cancer drugs and an autoimmune disease drug. What is most likely Pfizer’s most attractive aspect is its financial flexibility, which puts it ahead of its peers. The company’s debt-to-equity ratio wasn’t great for Q1, but keep in mind, this was because of a series of acquisitions (Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Hospira, Medivation). More than any other, this company is set up with cash that will allow it to take advantage of any really good acquisition opportunities. Even amid still competition and tough patent battles, Pfizer is still impressing with increases in revenues year-on-year. Honorable Mentions? Of course: Aphria Inc.-this is the second biggest cannabis producer in Canada, and it’s only recently been put on Canada’s index funds. Aurora Cannabis Inc. – another Canadian cannabis giant-in-the-making, this company could give Canopy Growth a run for its money. Merck (NYSE: MRK)-this drug industry leader is on the bounce-back. The some $170-billion market-cap company’s Keytrude drug, which won approval for treating melanoma in 2014, could reach peak annual sales of $8 billion, and the stock is up some 20 percent since Q1 2016. And it’s got more in the pipeline. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Novartis (NYSE: NVS), and Roche also all have very hot pipelines. JNJ probably has the biggest pipeline, and Novartis’ cancer portfolio is looking extremely attractive. Roche has about 150 products in development. Canadian Knight Therapeutics (TSX: GUD) has beat analyst expectations (in Q1 2017), earning $7.9-million on revenue of $1.8-million-compared to $300,000 it reported in the same period last year. Still needs more in the development pipeline, though. (Market cap, CAD$1.45 billion) ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.-this CAD$1.4 billion-market cap company has just remedied its financing overhang, and also got a boost from a $9.5-million purchase order. By Charles Kennedy of Oilprice.com Legal Disclaimer/Disclosure from OilPrice.com: This piece is an advertorial and has been paid for. This document is not and should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for any investment. No information in this Report should be construed as individualized investment advice. A licensed financial advisor should be consulted prior to making any investment decision. We make no guarantee, representation or warranty and accept no responsibility or liability as to its accuracy or completeness. Expressions of opinion are those of Oilprice.com only and are subject to change without notice. Oilprice.com assumes no warranty, liability or guarantee for the current relevance, correctness or completeness of any information provided within this Report and will not be held liable for the consequence of reliance upon any opinion or statement contained herein or any omission. Furthermore, we assume no liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage or, in particular, for lost profit, which you may incur as a result of the use and existence of the information, provided within this Report. All content contained herein is subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the original article posted on Oilprice.com and subject to the terms and conditions therein. DISCLAIMER: OilPrice.com is Source of all content listed above. FN Media Group, LLC (FNM), is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels. FNM is NOT affiliated in any manner with OilPrice.com or any company mentioned herein. The commentary, views and opinions expressed in this release by OilPrice.com are solely those of OilPrice.com and are not shared by and do not reflect in any manner the views or opinions of FNM. FNM is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  FNM and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. FNM was not compensated by any public company mentioned herein to disseminate this press release. FNM HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. „Forward-looking statements” describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as „may”, „future”, „plan” or „planned”, „will” or „should”, „expected,” „anticipates”, „draft”, „eventually” or „projected”. You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company’s annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNM undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Media Contact e-mail: editor@financialnewsmedia.com U.S. Phone: +1(954)345-0611 SOURCE OilPrice.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SRAX to Present at the Planet MicroCap Showcase 2017 Next PostNext AdCare Health Systems Names Allan Rimland as Chief Executive Officer Search Recent Posts E-Learning Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Spinal Implants and Spinal Devices Market Analysis and Forecast 2024 By Product, Technology and Procedure Types Material Handling Equipment Market Analysis and Forecast 2025 By Product and Region Global Motorcycles Market Research Report 2017 Industry Types, Trends, Demands, Annual Growth, Sales, Production, Revenues, Purchases – Yamaha, Honda, Suzuki, BMW, Benelli, Harley-Davidson, Ducati, Kawasaki, KTM SWOT Analysis on HEPA Filters Market During 2017 to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News ALL Vaccine Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    ALL Vaccine -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Pune , India – April 18, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — ALL Vaccine Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds „ALL Vaccine -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database This report studies the ALL Vaccine market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and major regions, and splits the ALL Vaccine market by product type and applications/end industries. The global ALL Vaccine market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of ALL Vaccine. Europe also play important roles in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. The major players in global market include Pfizer, Inc., Glaxosmithkline, PLC., Merck & Co., Inc., Novarits, Sanofi Pasteur, CSL Limited, Emergent Biosolutions, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca), Astellas Pharma Inc., Mitsubishi Tanabe, Dynavax Technologies, Novavax Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1193278-global-all-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of ALL Vaccine in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia On the basis of product, the ALL Vaccine market is primarily split into Vaccinia Measles, mumps, rubella Varicella Influenza Rotavirus Zoster Yellow Fever Polio Hepatitis A Rabies BCG Diphtheria, tetanus Hepatitis B Haemophilus influenzae type b Pertussis Human papillomavirus Meningococcal Pneumococcal On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers For Adult For Child Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1193278-global-all-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global ALL Vaccine Sales Market Report 2017 1 ALL Vaccine Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of ALL Vaccine 1.2 Classification of ALL Vaccine by Product Category 1.2.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global ALL Vaccine Sales Market Share (%) by Types in 2016 1.2.3 Vaccinia 1.2.4 Measles, mumps, rubella 1.2.5 Varicella 1.2.5 Influenza 1.2.5 Rotavirus 1.2.6 Zoster 1.2.7 Yellow Fever 1.2.8 Polio 1.2.9 Hepatitis A 1.2.10 Rabies 1.2.11 BCG 1.2.12 Diphtheria, tetanus 1.2.13 Hepatitis B 1.2.14 Haemophilus influenzae type b 1.2.15 Pertussis 1.2.16 Human papillomavirus 1.2.17 Meningococcal 1.2.18 Pneumococcal … 9 Global ALL Vaccine Players Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Pfizer, Inc. 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Pfizer, Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Glaxosmithkline, PLC. 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Glaxosmithkline, PLC. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Merck & Co., Inc. 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Merck & Co., Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Novarits 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Novarits ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Sanofi Pasteur 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Sanofi Pasteur ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 CSL Limited 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 CSL Limited ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Johnson & Johnson 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Johnson & Johnson ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Astellas Pharma Inc. 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Astellas Pharma Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Mitsubishi Tanabe 9.12 Dynavax Technologies 9.13 Novavax Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1193278 Continued… Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune – 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/all-vaccine-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/187370 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1193278-global-all-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 187370 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Longmont Exterior House Painters & Home Painting Contractors Service Announced (Tue 18th Apr 17) Denver House Painting Contractors Interior Exterior Services Launched (Tue 18th Apr 17) High Net Worth Trends Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities in Switzerland Forecast To 2022 (Tue 18th Apr 17) Data Discovery Sales Market & Drilling Data Management Systems Industry 2017-2022 Forecast Research Report across the Globe (Tue 18th Apr 17) 2017 Global Payment Gateways Sales Market Segment by Application and Industry Research Study 2022 (Tue 18th Apr 17) Contactless Payment Market Global Analysis & 2017-2021 Forecast Report (Tue 18th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global A2P SMS Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Fixed Satellite Service Market to 2022: New Tech Developments, Advancements, Key Players, Strategies to Boost Market Growth Search Recent Posts Author Jack H.M. Wong Divulges Lessons Learned from United Airline’s Incident from Business POV With North Carolina, the NBA, and the NCAA Caving on Trans Rights, Texas Finds New Momentum for Discrimination Global Cold Storage Equipment Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global Pasta Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Global EReader Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     ALL Vaccine Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022   View as PDF  Print View    ALL Vaccine -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022 Pune , India - April 18, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- ALL Vaccine Industry Description Wiseguyreports.Com Adds "ALL Vaccine -Market Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022" To Its Research Database This report studies the ALL Vaccine market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and major regions, and splits the ALL Vaccine market by product type and applications/end industries. The global ALL Vaccine market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of ALL Vaccine. Europe also play important roles in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. The major players in global market include Pfizer, Inc., Glaxosmithkline, PLC., Merck & Co., Inc., Novarits, Sanofi Pasteur, CSL Limited, Emergent Biosolutions, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca), Astellas Pharma Inc., Mitsubishi Tanabe, Dynavax Technologies, Novavax Request for Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1193278-global-all-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of ALL Vaccine in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering USA China Europe Japan India Southeast Asia On the basis of product, the ALL Vaccine market is primarily split into Vaccinia Measles, mumps, rubella Varicella Influenza Rotavirus Zoster Yellow Fever Polio Hepatitis A Rabies BCG Diphtheria, tetanus Hepatitis B Haemophilus influenzae type b Pertussis Human papillomavirus Meningococcal Pneumococcal On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers For Adult For Child Leave a Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1193278-global-all-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global ALL Vaccine Sales Market Report 2017 1 ALL Vaccine Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of ALL Vaccine 1.2 Classification of ALL Vaccine by Product Category 1.2.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global ALL Vaccine Sales Market Share (%) by Types in 2016 1.2.3 Vaccinia 1.2.4 Measles, mumps, rubella 1.2.5 Varicella 1.2.5 Influenza 1.2.5 Rotavirus 1.2.6 Zoster 1.2.7 Yellow Fever 1.2.8 Polio 1.2.9 Hepatitis A 1.2.10 Rabies 1.2.11 BCG 1.2.12 Diphtheria, tetanus 1.2.13 Hepatitis B 1.2.14 Haemophilus influenzae type b 1.2.15 Pertussis 1.2.16 Human papillomavirus 1.2.17 Meningococcal 1.2.18 Pneumococcal ... 9 Global ALL Vaccine Players Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Pfizer, Inc. 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Pfizer, Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Glaxosmithkline, PLC. 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Glaxosmithkline, PLC. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Merck & Co., Inc. 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Merck & Co., Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Novarits 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Novarits ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Sanofi Pasteur 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Sanofi Pasteur ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 CSL Limited 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 CSL Limited ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Emergent Biosolutions, Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Johnson & Johnson 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Johnson & Johnson ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca) ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Astellas Pharma Inc. 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 ALL Vaccine Product Category, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Astellas Pharma Inc. ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Mitsubishi Tanabe 9.12 Dynavax Technologies 9.13 Novavax Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1193278 Continued... Contact Us: Sales@Wiseguyreports.Com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (Us) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (Uk) Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar Pune - 411028 Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/all-vaccine-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2022/187370 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1193278-global-all-vaccine-sales-market-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 187370 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Philadelphia Kitchen Remodeling & Interior Design Services Announced (Wed 19th Apr 17) The New Launch Collections Announces the Launch of The Visionaire Executive Condominium (Wed 19th Apr 17) SG PR Application Announces 2nd Anniversary Celebration (Wed 19th Apr 17) Phoenix Window Solar Screens & Sliding Retractable Door Sun Shades Launched (Wed 19th Apr 17) Phoenix Auto Glass Chip Window Fast Accident Windshield Repair Store Launched (Wed 19th Apr 17) Peoria Arizona Car Window Repair Auto Windshield Replacement Shop Launched (Wed 19th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Fight against neglected tropical diseases needs Big Pharma push - WHO Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Top News | Wed Apr 19, 2017 | 8:58am IST Fight against neglected tropical diseases needs Big Pharma push - WHO left right Bill Gates, co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, speaks during a news conference on Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) in Geneva, Switzerland, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy 1/3 left right World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Margaret Chan and Bill Gates (R), co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, after a news conference on neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) in Geneva, Switzerland, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy 2/3 left right Bill Gates, co-founder of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, and World Health Organization(WHO) Director-General Margaret Chan speak during a news conference on Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) in Geneva, Switzerland, April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy 3/3 By Stephanie Nebehay | GENEVA GENEVA Progress has been made in tackling diseases that blind, disable and disfigure millions of poor in tropical areas each year, but drug companies need to step up donations of medicines, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Wednesday. One billion people, mainly in Asia, Africa and Latin America, are still treated each year for at least one of 18 neglected tropical diseases known as NTDs, it said. Dengue, onchocerciasis (river blindness), and sleeping sickness are among those carried by mosquitoes or flies that are spreading from rural areas to urban slums, the WHO warned. "There is no group of diseases that is so intimately linked to poverty," Dr. Dirk Engels, director of WHO's department of control of neglected tropic diseases, told a news briefing. "A number of companies have accompanied us in the scaling up by making more medicines available. Is that enough? No, there are still diseases that are neglected and we still have problems with access to basic medicines," he said. GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis and Sanofi are among major donors, WHO says. Merck said earlier it was developing a children's formula of its drug to treat schistosomiasis, a parasitic worm disease which kills 280,000 a year in Africa. New products need an access plan for patients "because just counting on the commercial mechanisms won’t work", Enders said. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is backing research and development into NTDs. Bill Gates met with CEOs of major pharmaceutical companies in Geneva on Tuesday. "Good progress, some of these diseases are on track to be done (eliminated) by 2020, some by 2025. Some will take longer than that," Gates told a news conference, noting that there were only 3,000 cases of sleeping sickness last year. EXPENSIVE MEDICINES Needs remain huge despite the fight over the past decade and a 2012 London meeting to galvanise attention and set targets, WHO said. "Cutaneous leishmaniasis, for instance. It doesn’t kill so it attracts less attention, but it is really disfiguring and it causes a lot of stigma and a lot of mental problems," Engels said of the disease spread by female sandflies. "The medicines exist...They are too expensive and (neither) people nor countries have the ability to pay." Drugs companies currently have 109 research and development projects for medicines or vaccines for NTDs, which typically take 10-15 years to develop, the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) said. "There are quite a number of new medicines and diagnostics in the pipeline, which may actually further change the perspective for these neglected tropical diseases and hopefully allow us to go further towards eliminating or near eliminating these diseases by 2030," Enders said. Only 25 human cases of Guinea worm disease were reported last year, "putting eradication within reach", he added. "We have just acknowledged the first African country that has eliminated lymphatic filariasis as a public health problem – Togo – so that may be a start of a number of them," Enders said. The mosquito-borne infection, also known as elephantiasis, causes enlargement of limbs and genitals from adult worms in the lymphatic system. (Editing by Gareth Jones) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Top News BigBasket in talks for possible merger with Grofers India - report India's online grocery delivery service BigBasket and smaller rival Grofers India Pvt. Ltd. have begun talks on a possible merger, Indian newspaper Mint reported on Wednesday, citing sources. Sensex edges down; investors focus on bank earnings Indian shares edged lower on Wednesday as investors turned cautious ahead of a slew of corporate results, particularly banks, although a forecast for an average monsoon gave a leg-up to market sentiment. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Farm loan write-offs win votes in India, but may hurt economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Demands of disease drive vaccine science Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Veterinary Healthcare Global Market, By Product & Data Validation, 2016 Analysis and Forecast 2022 ReportsWeb.com published Veterinary Healthcare Global Market from its database. This report Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations. This report Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements   (EMAILWIRE.COM, April 18, 2017 ) According to Publisher, the Global Veterinary Healthcare market is accounted for $24.34 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $40.8 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.6% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as food safety and improved nutrition, increase in pet ownership, increasing awareness of zoonotic diseases and increasing animal population are driving the market. However, increasing cost of animal testing, increased competition for cultivated land restrictions established by regulatory bodies will challenge the veterinary market. Feed additives held the largest share among the products segment followed by pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Europe is the leading market in veterinary healthcare followed by North America. Asia-pacific and other developing regions will be the major contributors to the market. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/veterinary-healthcare-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Some of the key players in global Veterinary Healthcare market are Merck & Co., Inc, MERIAL Limited, Zoetis Inc, Novartis Animal Health Inc, Bayer HealthCare, Ceva Santé Animale, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Virbac SA, Elanco Products Company, Vétoquinol SA , Sanofi-Aventis, Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Heska Corporation, PetAg Incorporated and Procter & Gamble Company. Animals Covered: -Farm animals -Cattle -Swine -Fish -Sheep -Poultry -Companion animals -Dogs -Cats -Horses Products Covered: -Vaccines -Feed Additives -Nutritional Feed Additives -Medicinal Feed Additives -Pharmaceuticals -Systemic Agents -Parasiticides - Antibiotics -Other Pharmaceuticals Diagnostics Covered: -Immunodiagnostics -Molecular diagnostics -Diagnostic imaging -Clinical chemistry -Other diagnostics Regions Covered: -North America -US -Canada -Mexico -Europe -Germany -France -Italy -UK -Spain -Rest of Europe -Asia Pacific -Japan -China -India -Australia -New Zealand -Rest of Asia Pacific -Rest of the World -Middle East -Brazil -Argentina -South Africa -Egypt Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/sample What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Company Profiling 10.1 Merck & Co., Inc. 10.2 MERIAL Limited 10.3 Zoetis Inc 10.4 Novartis Animal Health Inc 10.5 Bayer HealthCare 10.6 Ceva Santé Animale 10.7 Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 10.8 Virbac SA 10.9 Elanco Products Company 10.10 Vétoquinol SA 10.11 Sanofi-Aventis 10.12 Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd. 10.13 Heska Corporation 10.14 PetAg Incorporated 10.15 Procter & Gamble Company Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001390873/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Veeva Global Commercial & Medical Summit to Feature Seven of the Top 10 Largest Pharmaceutical Companies and Leading Biotechs PLEASANTON, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Veeva Systems (NYSE: VEEV) will host the 2017 Veeva Global Commercial & Medical Summit, the largest commercial and medical affairs event in the life sciences industry, on May 7-9, 2017 in Philadelphia. The ninth annual event will feature speakers from the world’s leading life sciences companies, including AstraZeneca, GSK, Merck, and Pfizer, as well as Alex Azar, former president, Lilly USA, and former deputy secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Veeva Global Commercial & Medical Summit will highlight the latest trends and best practices with more than 70 sessions on increasing sales and marketing effectiveness, delivering greater value in customer interactions, and driving improved efficiency in commercial operations. More than 35 experts from leading life sciences companies are scheduled to speak, including Galderma, Genentech, Ipsen, Novo Nordisk, Puma Biotechnology, and Roche Diagnostics, among others. Veeva founder and CEO, Peter Gassner, will open the event with a keynote address on Monday, May 8. He will discuss the role of the industry cloud in driving greater collaboration, insights, and digital transformation across the life sciences industry. Following Gassner, Alex Azar will participate in a fireside chat with Veeva co-founder and president, Matt Wallach. Azar will share his perspective on the changing U.S. healthcare landscape and its impact on life sciences. Paul Shawah, senior vice president of commercial cloud strategy at Veeva, and Arno Sosna, general manager of Veeva CRM, will conclude the event’s keynotes with an overview of Veeva’s continued innovation in Veeva Commercial Cloud and the company’s product direction. The 2017 Global Veeva Commercial & Medical Summit is sponsored by 26 leading services, technology, and agency partners. Platinum sponsors include Accenture, AHM, Aktana, Mavens, PWC, Salesforce, and ZS Associates. Gold sponsors include Axtria, C3i, CapGemini, Cognizant, Deloitte, Eagle, HealthStar, Highpoint, Knipper, LPW Training, Microsoft, Physician’s World, Qlik, Tangent 90, and Zephyr Health. Agency sponsors include GSW, Intouch, Judge Technology, and PharmiWeb Solutions. Registration for the event is complimentary for Veeva customers and invited guests. Learn more, register, and view the full agenda at veeva.com/events/commercial-summit. Additional Information Connect with Veeva on LinkedIn: linkedin.com/company/veeva-systems Follow @veevasystems on Twitter: twitter.com/veevasystems Like Veeva on Facebook: facebook.com/veevasystems About Veeva Systems Veeva Systems Inc. is a leader in cloud-based software for the global life sciences industry. Committed to innovation, product excellence, and customer success, Veeva has more than 500 customers, ranging from the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies to emerging biotechs. Veeva is headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area, with offices in Europe, Asia, and Latin America. For more information, visit veeva.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DSCC Releases Latest Quarterly OLED Supply/Demand and Capital Spending Report and Model Next PostNext Heart Health Products Market Analysis 2016-2022: Key Findings, Regional Analysis, Key Players Profiles and Future Prospects Search Recent Posts World Connected Home Security System Market 2021 to Grow at a CAGR of 27.12%: Top Manufacturers Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, with Forecast International Commercial and Military Parachute Market 2021: Leading Manufacturers (BAE Systems,Zodiac Aerospace,SPEKON) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast Walton Edgemont Development Corporation Announces Resignation of Donald Cormack from the Board of Directors Global Fiberglass Electrical and Electronic Products Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 7.04%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications Office Depot Announces Deal to Sell Operations in Australia and New Zealand to Platinum Equity Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Insomnia Market: Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment Global Insomnia Market: Brief Account The world insomnia market is envisaged to recoup promisingly from its drowsy growth in the past with a number of worthwhile and well-timed opportunities to take advantage of. Insomnia drugs could find an application in the treatment of Parkinson and Alzheimer’s disease as sedatives. The younger population can increase the global demand as intensively as the geriatric group with rising stress levels and persisting diseases such as cancer at the forefront. The launch of new products such as E-2006 by Eisai Co. Ltd. and Belsomra by Merck & Co. Inc. is forecasted to stimulate the market growth handsomely. Get Sample Copy of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global insomnia market could be segmented according to over-the-counter (OTC) treatment, non-pharmacological treatments, and pharmacological treatments, where each category is evaluated to contribute their part toward the global growth. The researchers who have authored this report prioritize painstaking primary and secondary research to compile statistical data and other analytics of the global insomnia market. Players in the market can gain a decisive insight into the guidelines required to extend their portfolio in the right direction and achieve a tangible success in the market. Global Insomnia Market: Key Trends With the two premier categorizations of the worldwide insomnia market into play, viz. non-pharmacological treatments and pharmacological treatments, manufacturers can expect lucrative prospects from both the segments. The cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBTI) listed under non-pharmacological treatments extends the ability of physicians to heal patients or understand their health issues in a comprehensive manner. Such treatments including hypnotherapy can be employed by doctors to take multiple approaches during the treatment of their patients. There are other treatments such as aroma music, bright light, biofeedback, acupuncture, and yoga therapies which could contribute to the growth of the non-pharmacological treatments market. Likewise, pharmacological treatments are prognosticated to lay a strong platform for the global insomnia market to find more growth prospects on the back of key segments such as OTC sleep aids and prescription sleep aids. The international insomnia market could go through a downtime period due to inferior diagnosis rate, below par patient compliance, patent erosion, and ascendancy of generic products. Howbeit, the surging incidences of insomnia and unfulfilled medical needs, for instance, the inefficiency of central nervous system (CNS) drugs, are foreseen to compensate for the probable decline in growth. Global Insomnia Market: Geographical Study For the most part of the share in world insomnia market, the Americas including North America are foretold to showcase extensive dominance while offering some groundbreaking opportunities for global players. In the U.S., the OTC treatment market is anticipated to register a higher CAGR to address its growth in the insomnia pharmacological treatment sector. The OTC sleep aids market can be classified into valerian roots, melatonin, and antihistamines. An increasing number of patients are convinced to adopt OTC sleep aids because of the infamous side effects caused by prescription drugs and low prices and easy availability of OTC treatments. The U.S. insomnia market is predicted to gain support from the rising consumption of valerian roots and melatonin, owing to their crucial advantages such as decreased stress levels and less side effects. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/insomnia-market.html The Americas could be followed by Europe, the Middle East, and Africa on account of the augmenting interest in spreading health awareness through various programs and inflating geriatric population. The insomnia market in Asia Pacific is also looked upon as a decent opportunity for vendors to capitalize on with the elevating disposable income and upsurge in the occurrence of chronic diseases. Global Insomnia Market: Top Companies Some of the prominent companies functioning in the international insomnia market are Purdue Pharma L.P., Pernix Therapeutics, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd., Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., Meda Consumer Healthcare Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., and Eisai, Co. Ltd. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Digital key shapes future car connectivity Next PostNext Sepsis Therapeutics Market Research Report : Analysis & Trends 2024 Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market Research Report 2016 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2024 Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. Get Sample Copy of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-th… This review is based on Transparency Market Research’s report, titled “Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Volume, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2016 – 2024.” The monoclonal antibody therapeutics market has been segmented as follows: Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Application Cancer Autoimmune diseases Infection Hematological diseases Ophthalmological diseases Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Source Human Humanized Chimeric Others Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by End Users Hospitals Private Clinics Research Institute Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America Europe U.K. Germany Spain Italy France Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India Japan China Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South Africa Saudi Arabia A.E. Rest of MEA About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Animal Antibacterial Peptide Industry 2024 Market Research Report Next PostNext Kaposi Sarcoma Market Research Report 2024 Search Recent Posts II-17-019: NRC Schedules Open House to Discuss Mixed Oxide Facility Performance II-17-023: NRC Schedules Public Meeting to Discuss Safety Performance of NFS Erwin Facility I-17-010: NRC to Conduct Public Meeting to Discuss 2016 Performance of Ginna Nuclear Power Plant I-17-011: NRC to Hold Open House on 2016 Performance of Nine Mile Point, FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plants Showroomprivé will Publish its Revenues Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Research and Markets - Game-changing Strategies of 5 Leading US Pharma Companies 2017: Pfizer, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., and Amgen News provided by Research and Markets Apr 18, 2017, 09:45 ET Share this article DUBLIN, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Game-changing Strategies of Leading US Pharma Companies" report to their offering. The research service primarily focuses on the changing trends in the pharmaceutical industry with respect to drug research and development, manufacturing, supply chain, and marketing. The study provides key insights into the transforming pharmaceutical value chain, with the adoption of technology and shift towards digitalization of key processes across drug development and manufacturing as well as supply chain and logistics. It also analyzes the dynamics catalyzing growth, profiles organizations promising significant growth opportunities, and outlines innovative industry trends of key participants who play a vital role in the pharmaceutical landscape. Furthermore, the research also highlights the adoption of newer business models by the game-changing companies to adapt to the changing trend of a value-based care model as opposed to the traditional volume-based model. The research service covers the top 5 pharmaceutical companies in the United States (US), based on their industry position. The companies included in the study are Pfizer, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., and Amgen. These companies are benchmarked across 5 key growth levers: - Core areas of focus - Digital footprint - Value chain excellence - Strategic collaborations and partnerships - Beyond the pill services and solutions Highlights of the company profiles include: - Company snapshot - Performance analysis (market revenue forecast) - Portfolio analysis - Key marketed products and patent expiry - SWOT analysis - Strategic analysis of growth levers Key Questions this Study will Answer: - What are the key therapeutic focus areas for the leading pharmaceutical companies in the US? - What are the major growth levers affecting the growth trajectory of pharma companies in the US? - In what ways are these growth levers impacting the company profitability? - Which are the major game-changing companies in the US? - What are the strategies adopted by these companies to meet the changing market needs? - How are the companies performing across these strategic growth levers? Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Key Questions this Study will Answer 3. US Pharma Ecosystem 4. 5 Big Themes for Innovation in US Pharma Companies 5. Top 10 US Pharma Companies 6. Strategic Growth Lever 1 - Focus on Core Areas 7. Strategic Growth Lever 2 - Digital Footprint 8. Strategic Growth Lever 3 - Value Chain Excellence 9. Strategic Growth Lever 4 - Strategic Collaborations/Alliances or Partnerships 10. Strategic Growth Lever 5 - Beyond the Pill Services and Solutions 11. Company Profile - Pfizer 12. Company Profile - Gilead 13. Company Profile - Johnson & Johnson 14. Company Profile - Merck & Co. 15. Company Profile - Amgen 16. The Last Word For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/cb7tm2/gamechanging Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---game-changing-strategies-of-5-leading-us-pharma-companies-2017-pfizer-gilead-johnson--johnson-merck--co-and-amgen-300440838.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Apr 18, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: Global Personal Protective Equipment Market for Aerospace and Aviation Industry - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2021 - Driven by Robust Growth in Aerospace Industry - Research and Markets Apr 18, 2017, 09:15 ET Preview: Asia-Pacific Cloud Computing Services Market 2015-2022: Strong Uptake of Managed Cloud Services Bundled with Value-added Offerings Unlocks Growth Opportunities for Service Providers - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 18, 2017, 19:30 ETGlobal $288.30 Billion Bunker Fuel Market, 2015-2020: IFO 380 is... Apr 18, 2017, 19:15 ETAfrica Diesel Genset Market, 2017-2023 - Research and Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Game-changing Strategies of 5 Leading US Pharma Companies 2017: Pfizer, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., and Amgen News provided by Research and Markets Apr 18, 2017, 09:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Market : Industry Insights with Key Company Profiles – Forecast to 2024 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/18/2017 — Several market players are collaborating with local and well-established companies and research facilities to strengthen their position. Transparency Market Research has observed that companies will continue to partner in order to reduce the high cost involved in the production of monoclonal antibodies, investments in research and development, and need for trained staff. Some of the leading players operating in the demanding global market are Bayer AG, Pfizer Inc., Sanofi, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Merck & Co., Inc., GlaxoSmithKline Plc., Novartis AG, and AbbVie Inc. The extensive research report by Transparency Market Research states that the global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market will be worth US$245.8 bn by 2024 from US$86.7 bn in 2015. During the forecast years of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 12.6%. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/monoclonal-antibody-therapeutics-market.html Access to Affordable Healthcare across North America Amplifies Demand for Monoclonal Antibody Therapeutics Monoclonal antibody therapeutics are used for treating cancer, autoimmune diseases, infection, ophthalmological diseases, and hematological diseases among others. Of these, the autoimmune diseases segment is projected to rise at a phenomenal pace during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of autoimmune diseases that affect the overall population has triggered a significant demand for these therapeutics. All throughout the forecast period of 2016 and 2024, the global market is expected to rise at a CAGR of 13.5%. In terms of geography, the global market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Regionally, North America is expected to dominate the global market due to growing healthcare facilities across the region. Furthermore, affordable healthcare available to patients has also augmented the demand for monoclonal antibody therapeutics across North America during the forecast period. By the end of 2024, the North America monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to acquire a share of 37.9% in the global market. Approvals and Commercialization of New Products Ups Sales The global monoclonal antibody therapeutics market is expected to grow at a remarkable pace due to the high incidence of chronic diseases like cancer. The growing health concerns and the increasing diagnoses of cancer in various stages as boosted the demand for these therapeutics in recent years. The latest research by the World Health Organization predicts that the world will witness a 70% spike in the overall cancer cases, of which 60% of the cases will be attributable to Latin America, Asia, and Africa. The incremental approvals in monoclonal antibody products across Europe and the U.S. have also contributed to soaring revenue of the global market. The report by TMR suggests that about five to six monoclonal antibodies are approved each year in these regions. Out of the 60 monoclonal antibodies approved in Europe in 2015, 48 have hit the market. Thus, the widening product portfolio that comes in a broad price range has also played a key role in encouraging the uptake of monoclonal antibody therapeutics. Fill The Form To Gain Deeper Insights On This Market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=18209 High Cost of Production Dissuades Market Growth Though the market is estimated to have a bright potential, it is likely to be shadowed by a few restraints. The increasing production of biosimilars that are also used for treating various chronic conditions and autoimmune diseases are expected to eat into the market share of monoclonal antibody therapeutics market. Furthermore, the patent cliff of several products is also likely to have a negative impact on the overall earnings of the global market. The market is also anticipated to face a tough challenge due to the high cost of monoclonal antibodies as their production is exceptionally time-consuming and demands strict adherence to rules and regulations. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Field Service Management Market – Technological Advancements to Play Important Role in Market Growth Next PostNext Semiconductor Clock Market -Technological Growth Map over Time to Understand the Industry Growth Rate Search Recent Posts II-17-019: NRC Schedules Open House to Discuss Mixed Oxide Facility Performance II-17-023: NRC Schedules Public Meeting to Discuss Safety Performance of NFS Erwin Facility I-17-010: NRC to Conduct Public Meeting to Discuss 2016 Performance of Ginna Nuclear Power Plant I-17-011: NRC to Hold Open House on 2016 Performance of Nine Mile Point, FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plants Showroomprivé will Publish its Revenues Proudly powered by WordPress
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Research and Markets - Game-changing Strategies of 5 Leading US Pharma Companies 2017: Pfizer, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., and Amgen News provided by Research and Markets 18 Apr, 2017, 14:45 BST Share this article DUBLIN, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Game-changing Strategies of Leading US Pharma Companies" report to their offering. The research service primarily focuses on the changing trends in the pharmaceutical industry with respect to drug research and development, manufacturing, supply chain, and marketing. The study provides key insights into the transforming pharmaceutical value chain, with the adoption of technology and shift towards digitalization of key processes across drug development and manufacturing as well as supply chain and logistics. It also analyzes the dynamics catalyzing growth, profiles organizations promising significant growth opportunities, and outlines innovative industry trends of key participants who play a vital role in the pharmaceutical landscape. Furthermore, the research also highlights the adoption of newer business models by the game-changing companies to adapt to the changing trend of a value-based care model as opposed to the traditional volume-based model. The research service covers the top 5 pharmaceutical companies in the United States (US), based on their industry position. The companies included in the study are Pfizer, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., and Amgen. These companies are benchmarked across 5 key growth levers: - Core areas of focus - Digital footprint - Value chain excellence - Strategic collaborations and partnerships - Beyond the pill services and solutions Highlights of the company profiles include: - Company snapshot - Performance analysis (market revenue forecast) - Portfolio analysis - Key marketed products and patent expiry - SWOT analysis - Strategic analysis of growth levers Key Questions this Study will Answer: - What are the key therapeutic focus areas for the leading pharmaceutical companies in the US? - What are the major growth levers affecting the growth trajectory of pharma companies in the US? - In what ways are these growth levers impacting the company profitability? - Which are the major game-changing companies in the US? - What are the strategies adopted by these companies to meet the changing market needs? - How are the companies performing across these strategic growth levers? Key Topics Covered: 1. Executive Summary 2. Key Questions this Study will Answer 3. US Pharma Ecosystem 4. 5 Big Themes for Innovation in US Pharma Companies 5. Top 10 US Pharma Companies 6. Strategic Growth Lever 1 - Focus on Core Areas 7. Strategic Growth Lever 2 - Digital Footprint 8. Strategic Growth Lever 3 - Value Chain Excellence 9. Strategic Growth Lever 4 - Strategic Collaborations/Alliances or Partnerships 10. Strategic Growth Lever 5 - Beyond the Pill Services and Solutions 11. Company Profile - Pfizer 12. Company Profile - Gilead 13. Company Profile - Johnson & Johnson 14. Company Profile - Merck & Co. 15. Company Profile - Amgen 16. The Last Word For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/cb7tm2/gamechanging Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 18 Apr, 2017, 15:00 BST Preview: Global Personal Protective Equipment Market for Aerospace and Aviation Industry - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts to 2021 - Driven by Robust Growth in Aerospace Industry - Research and Markets 18 Apr, 2017, 14:15 BST Preview: United States Molecular Imaging Equipment and Radiopharmaceuticals Market 2017-2023 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 00:30 BSTGlobal $288.30 Billion Bunker Fuel Market, 2015-2020: IFO 380 is... 00:15 BSTAfrica Diesel Genset Market, 2017-2023 - Research and Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Game-changing Strategies of 5 Leading US Pharma Companies 2017: Pfizer, Gilead, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., and Amgen News provided by Research and Markets 18 Apr, 2017, 14:45 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News CDISC Announces New Standard for Major Depressive Disorder to Foster Development of New Treatments AUSTIN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium (CDISC) today announced the release of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) Therapeutic Area User Guide v1.0. The MDD standard is freely available on the CDISC website. Therapeutic Area User Guides provide research professionals with guidance on how to represent patient data in clinical research to improve quality, efficiency and cost effectiveness, enabling smarter research to unlock cures. According to the World Health Organization, an estimated 350 million people of all ages suffer from depression globally. Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide, and is a major contributor to the overall global burden of disease. “We congratulate the team on the release of the Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) Therapeutic Area User Guide! Including MDD, a record number of 10 Therapeutic Area User Guides were released in 2016. We would like to recognize the tremendous effort put forth by all CDISC standards development teams and thank them for their dedication throughout the year. We are making great strides in increasing the breadth of clinical data standards available to support research,” said Brooke Hinkson, Head Global Clinical Data Standards at Merck and lead of the TransCelerate BioPharma (“TransCelerate”) Clinical Data Standards initiative. This CDISC Therapeutic Area standard was developed through the Coalition For Accelerating Standards and Therapies (CFAST) initiative, a partnership of CDISC and the Critical Path Institute (C-Path), with participation from the U.S. NIH National Cancer Institute Enterprise Vocabulary Services (NCI-EVS), the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), TransCelerate, the Japan Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) and other stakeholders to accelerate clinical research and medical product development by creating and maintaining data standards, tools and methods for conducting research in therapeutic areas that are important to public health. CDISC standards have been adopted and used in more than 90 countries, and are required for submissions to the U.S. FDA and Japan PMDA. To date, Therapeutic Area standards have been developed for over 25 disease areas. CDISC standards make it possible for data to speak the same language, empowering data collection and sharing that makes the most of the valuable information offered by patients participating in research studies around the globe. ABOUT CDISC CDISC is a 501(c)(3) global, non-profit organization that develops data standards to foster smarter research and enable connections to healthcare. CDISC standards allow data to speak the same language, by providing common formats for data collection, data sharing and data analyses to make the most of the valuable information offered by patients participating in research studies around the globe, enabling researchers to discover new treatments, find breakthroughs, and unlock cures. CDISC standards are required for regulatory submissions to the U.S. FDA and Japan PMDA, are endorsed by the China CFDA, and are requested for use by the European Innovative Medicines Initiative (IMI). The suite of CDISC standards is freely available on the CDISC website. CDISC is funded through the generous support of over 400 member organizations from pharmaceutical, biotech, clinical research organizations, regulatory agencies, academia, and healthcare, as well as through grants, authorized CDISC Education courses, events and charitable contributions. To find out more about how to support CDISC and get involved, please visit www.cdisc.org and www.unlockcures.org. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Bio-Based Poly Propylene (PP) Market (2017-2022) – Grow Pricing, Features, Reviews & Comparison of Alternatives Next PostNext Global Renal Denervation Devices Market (2017-2022) – Grow Pricing, Features, Reviews & Comparison of Alternatives Search Recent Posts GPS Triangulation Helping People Every Day Recover Lost or Stolen Phones The Best Place for Baby Gear Reviews USHuntersHQ Reviews the Best Binoculars Locally Sourced Mediterranean Grill Makes Healthy Taste Delicious All-In-One Variety Pack of Felt Furniture Pads Makes Shoppers Too Happy Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News ALL Vaccine Market 2017 Global Industry Key Players, Share, Trend, Applications, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 “”ALL Vaccine Market”” WiseGuyReports.com adds “ALL Vaccine Market 2017 Global Analysis, Growth, Trends and Opportunities Research Report Forecasting to 2022”reports to its database. ALL Vaccine Market: Executive Summary This report studies the ALL Vaccine market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and major regions, and splits the ALL Vaccine market by product type and applications/end industries. The global ALL Vaccine market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of ALL Vaccine. Europe also play important roles in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Request Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1193277-global-all-vaccine-market-report-2017 The major players in global ALL Vaccine market include Pfizer, Inc., Glaxosmithkline, PLC., Merck & Co., Inc., Novarits, Sanofi Pasteur, CSL Limited, Emergent Biosolutions, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Medimmune, LLC. (A Subsidiary of Astrazeneca), Astellas Pharma Inc., Mitsubishi Tanabe, Dynavax Technologies, Novavax, Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with Sales, Sales, revenue, Market Share (%) and Growth Rate (%) of ALL Vaccine in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa On the basis of product, the ALL Vaccine market is primarily split into Vaccinia Measles, mumps, rubella Varicella Influenza Rotavirus Zoster Yellow Fever Polio Hepatitis A Rabies BCG Diphtheria, tetanus Hepatitis B Haemophilus influenzae type b Pertussis Human papillomavirus Meningococcal Pneumococcal On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers For Adult For Child Access Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1193277-global-all-vaccine-market-report-2017 Table of Contents            Global ALL Vaccine Market Research Report 2017  1 ALL Vaccine Market Overview      1.1 ALL Vaccine Product Overview      1.2 ALL Vaccine Segment by Types (Product Category)        1.2.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales and Growth (%) Comparison by Types (2012-2022)        1.2.2 Global ALL Vaccine Sales Market Share (%) by Types in 2016        1.2.3 Vaccinia        1.2.4 Measles, mumps, rubella        1.2.5 Varicella        1.2.6 Influenza        1.2.7 Rotavirus        1.2.8 Zoster        1.2.9 Yellow Fever        1.2.10 Polio        1.2.11 Hepatitis A        1.2.12 Rabies        1.2.13 BCG        1.2.14 Diphtheria, tetanus        1.2.15 Hepatitis B        1.2.16 Haemophilus influenzae type b        1.2.17 Pertussis        1.2.18 Human papillomavirus        1.2.19 Meningococcal        1.2.20 Pneumococcal      1.3 Global ALL Vaccine Segment by Applications        1.3.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) Comparison by Applications (2012-2022)        1.3.2 For Adult        1.3.3 For Child      1.4 Global ALL Vaccine Market by Regions (2012-2022)        1.4.1 Global ALL Vaccine Market Size and Growth (%) Comparison by Regions (2012-2022)        1.4.2 North America ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022)        1.4.3 Asia-Pacific ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022)        1.4.4 Europe ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022)        1.4.5 South America ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022)        1.4.6 Middle East and Africa ALL Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022)      1.5 Global ALL Vaccine Market Size (2012-2022)        1.5.1 Global ALL Vaccine Revenue (Million USD) Status and Outlook (2012-2022)        1.5.2 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) Status and Outlook (2012-2022)  2 Global ALL Vaccine Market Competition by Manufacturers/Brand      2.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)      2.2 Global ALL Vaccine Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)      2.3 Global ALL Vaccine Average Price (USD/Unit) by Manufacturers (2012-2017)      2.4 Manufacturers ALL Vaccine Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types      2.5 ALL Vaccine Market Competitive Situation and Trends        2.5.1 ALL Vaccine Market Concentration Rate        2.5.2 ALL Vaccine Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers        2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion  3 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD) by Regions (2012-2017)      3.2 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017)      3.3 Global ALL Vaccine Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017)      3.3 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017)      3.5 North America ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017)      3.6 Europe ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017)      3.7 Asia-Pacific ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017)      3.8 South America ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017)      3.9 Middle East and Africa ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017)  4 Global ALL Vaccine Sales, Revenue, Price Trend by Types      4.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017)      4.2 Global ALL Vaccine Revenue and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017)      4.3 Global ALL Vaccine Price (USD/Unit) by Type (2012-2017)      4.4 Global ALL Vaccine Sales Growth by Type (2012-2017)  5 Global ALL Vaccine Market Analysis by Applications      5.1 Global ALL Vaccine Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017)      5.2 Global ALL Vaccine Sales Growth Rate (%) by Applications (2012-2017)  …CONTINUED Buy this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1193277 Media Contact Company Name: Wiseguyreports.com Contact Person: Norah Trent Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Phone: +1 646 845 9349, +44 208 133 9349 City: New York City State: NY Country: United States Website: www.wiseguyreports.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsFitness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, Science, Sports Post navigation Previous PostPrevious La formation en ligne permet de gagner sa vie sur Internet Next PostNext As Fashion Design Program Turns 85, Woodbury University Celebrates with ‘Timeless’ Fashion Show Search Recent Posts Global Rare Earth Metals Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 13.67%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications Intellipharmaceutics Reports Director Election Results Global Corporate Game Based Learning Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 11.68%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications International Industrial Robot Sensors Market 2021: Leading Manufacturers (Honeywell,FANU,Cognex) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast Global Industrial Wireless Sensors Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 11.09%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Togo Becomes First Country in Africa to Validate the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis as a Public Health Problem LOME, Togo–(BUSINESS WIRE)–GSK, Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), and the MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) congratulate President Faure Gnassingbé, the government and the people of Togo for becoming the first country in Africa recognized by the World Health Organization to have eliminated lymphatic filariasis (LF) as a public health problem. LF, commonly known as elephantiasis, is a debilitating disease caused by a parasite transmitted to humans through the bites of mosquitoes. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), LF is found in 73 countries with an estimated 120 million people infected. Long-term, chronic infection may cause damage to the lymphatic system of people affected, and limbs, breasts, and genitals can become severely and irreversibly swollen, causing extreme discomfort and social stigmatization. In African countries where LF and another parasitic disease called river blindness are co-endemic, the WHO recommends co-administering two medicines, albendazole and ivermectin, annually for at least six years to reduce the level of parasites in infected people and help break the cycle of transmission until the disease is no longer a public health problem. A WHO resolution to achieve the elimination of LF was established by the Fiftieth World Health Assembly in Geneva in 1997. In 1998, GSK announced the donation of albendazole for the elimination of LF, and MSD expanded its donation of MECTIZAN® (ivermectin) through the MDP to include the elimination of LF in countries where the disease co-exists with river blindness. Since 1999, GSK has donated over 7 billion doses of albendazole worldwide to fight LF. Since 1987, MSD has donated more than 2.5 billion doses of MECTIZAN® to control and eliminate river blindness and LF. The elimination of LF in Togo follows similar progress in seven countries (Cambodia, Cook Islands, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Niue, Sri Lanka and Vanuatu) validated by the WHO to have eliminated LF as a public health problem. Thirteen additional countries have successfully completed large-scale treatment programs and are under surveillance to demonstrate that elimination has been achieved. This remarkable progress has been supported by a public-private partnership, the Global Alliance for the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis (GAELF), which brings together academic and research institutions, endemic counties, non-governmental development organizations, financial donors and the private sector in the fight against LF. „We celebrate this important achievement with the people of Togo. Lymphatic filariasis is a debilitating, but preventable, disease that not only affects patients and their families but also communities and health care systems,” said Dr. Julie L. Gerberding, MSD’s chief patient officer. “Working with our partners for nearly two decades, we strive to eliminate LF in Africa and Yemen to help improve the lives of tens of millions of people.” Phil Thomson, president of Global Affairs, GSK said “Achieving elimination of LF is a fantastic achievement for Togo and is testament to the commitment of the Togolese Government and the dedication of the health workers delivering treatments on the front line. We are committed to playing our part with the donation of albendazole for as long as it is needed to replicate this success throughout endemic countries, freeing communities from the burden of LF.” The MDP’s director, Dr. Yao Sodahlon, is a Togolese national and expert in tropical diseases who worked closely over the years with the ministry of health and other partners to ensure Togo’s success. “I am very proud of my country for achieving elimination of LF. My colleagues in the ministry of health must be congratulated for their dedication to ensuring the medications were consistently delivered to the millions of people at-risk of infection every year since the national elimination program started in 2000. I hope other countries in Africa will soon follow Togo in achieving this goal,” he said. About GSK GSK – one of the world’s leading research-based pharmaceutical and health care companies – is committed to improving the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. For further information please visit www.gsk.com. Contact:     Catherine Hartley +44 (0) 20 8047 5502   About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a trade name of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Contacts:     Jeanine Clemente     Claire Gillespie 908-236-5059 267-305-0932   About the MECTIZAN®Donation Program The MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) was established in 1987 to provide medical, technical and administrative oversight of the donation of MECTIZAN® by MSD for the treatment of onchocerciasis. In 1998, MDP expanded its mandate to include oversight of the donation of albendazole by GSK for the elimination of lymphatic filariasis in onchocerciasis co-endemic areas. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Nothing Bundt Cakes Celebrates Year of Milestones Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Togo Becomes First Country in Africa to Validate the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis as a Public Health Problem Download Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail April 18, 2017 02:07 PM Eastern Daylight Time LOME, Togo--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GSK, Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), and the MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) congratulate President Faure Gnassingbé, the government and the people of Togo for becoming the first country in Africa recognized by the World Health Organization to have eliminated lymphatic filariasis (LF) as a public health problem. LF, commonly known as elephantiasis, is a debilitating disease caused by a parasite transmitted to humans through the bites of mosquitoes. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), LF is found in 73 countries with an estimated 120 million people infected. Long-term, chronic infection may cause damage to the lymphatic system of people affected, and limbs, breasts, and genitals can become severely and irreversibly swollen, causing extreme discomfort and social stigmatization. In African countries where LF and another parasitic disease called river blindness are co-endemic, the WHO recommends co-administering two medicines, albendazole and ivermectin, annually for at least six years to reduce the level of parasites in infected people and help break the cycle of transmission until the disease is no longer a public health problem. A WHO resolution to achieve the elimination of LF was established by the Fiftieth World Health Assembly in Geneva in 1997. In 1998, GSK announced the donation of albendazole for the elimination of LF, and MSD expanded its donation of MECTIZAN® (ivermectin) through the MDP to include the elimination of LF in countries where the disease co-exists with river blindness. Since 1999, GSK has donated over 7 billion doses of albendazole worldwide to fight LF. Since 1987, MSD has donated more than 2.5 billion doses of MECTIZAN® to control and eliminate river blindness and LF. The elimination of LF in Togo follows similar progress in seven countries (Cambodia, Cook Islands, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Niue, Sri Lanka and Vanuatu) validated by the WHO to have eliminated LF as a public health problem. Thirteen additional countries have successfully completed large-scale treatment programs and are under surveillance to demonstrate that elimination has been achieved. This remarkable progress has been supported by a public-private partnership, the Global Alliance for the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis (GAELF), which brings together academic and research institutions, endemic counties, non-governmental development organizations, financial donors and the private sector in the fight against LF. "We celebrate this important achievement with the people of Togo. Lymphatic filariasis is a debilitating, but preventable, disease that not only affects patients and their families but also communities and health care systems,” said Dr. Julie L. Gerberding, MSD’s chief patient officer. “Working with our partners for nearly two decades, we strive to eliminate LF in Africa and Yemen to help improve the lives of tens of millions of people.” Phil Thomson, president of Global Affairs, GSK said “Achieving elimination of LF is a fantastic achievement for Togo and is testament to the commitment of the Togolese Government and the dedication of the health workers delivering treatments on the front line. We are committed to playing our part with the donation of albendazole for as long as it is needed to replicate this success throughout endemic countries, freeing communities from the burden of LF.” The MDP’s director, Dr. Yao Sodahlon, is a Togolese national and expert in tropical diseases who worked closely over the years with the ministry of health and other partners to ensure Togo’s success. “I am very proud of my country for achieving elimination of LF. My colleagues in the ministry of health must be congratulated for their dedication to ensuring the medications were consistently delivered to the millions of people at-risk of infection every year since the national elimination program started in 2000. I hope other countries in Africa will soon follow Togo in achieving this goal,” he said. About GSK GSK – one of the world’s leading research-based pharmaceutical and health care companies – is committed to improving the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. For further information please visit www.gsk.com. Contact:     Catherine Hartley +44 (0) 20 8047 5502   About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a trade name of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Contacts:     Jeanine Clemente     Claire Gillespie 908-236-5059 267-305-0932   About the MECTIZAN® Donation Program The MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) was established in 1987 to provide medical, technical and administrative oversight of the donation of MECTIZAN® by MSD for the treatment of onchocerciasis. In 1998, MDP expanded its mandate to include oversight of the donation of albendazole by GSK for the elimination of lymphatic filariasis in onchocerciasis co-endemic areas. Contacts:     Joni Lawrence     Yao Sodahlon jlawrence@taskforce.org ysodahlon@taskforce.org 404-687-5610 404-371-1460   Contacts GSK Catherine Hartley, +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 or MSD Jeanine Clemente, 908-236-5059 or Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 or The MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) Joni Lawrence, 404-687-5610 jlawrence@taskforce.org or Yao Sodahlon, 404-371-1460 ysodahlon@taskforce.org Release Summary Togo Becomes First Country in Africa to Validate the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis as a Public Health Problem $Cashtags $MRK Contacts GSK Catherine Hartley, +44 (0) 20 8047 5502 or MSD Jeanine Clemente, 908-236-5059 or Claire Gillespie, 267-305-0932 or The MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) Joni Lawrence, 404-687-5610 jlawrence@taskforce.org or Yao Sodahlon, 404-371-1460 ysodahlon@taskforce.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Mittwoch, 19. April | 07:02 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 14:00 | 18.04.2017 Togo Becomes First Country in Africa to Validate the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis as a Public Health Problem GSK, Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), and the MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) congratulate President Faure Gnassingbé, the government and the people of Togo for becoming the first country in Africa recognized by the World Health Organization to have eliminated lymphatic filariasis (LF) as a public health problem. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170418005573/en/ LF, commonly known as elephantiasis, is a debilitating disease caused by a parasite transmitted to humans through the bites of mosquitoes. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), LF is found in 73 countries with an estimated 120 million people infected. Long-term, chronic infection may cause damage to the lymphatic system of people affected, and limbs, breasts, and genitals can become severely and irreversibly swollen, causing extreme discomfort and social stigmatization. In African countries where LF and another parasitic disease called river blindness are co-endemic, the WHO recommends co-administering two medicines, albendazole and ivermectin, annually for at least six years to reduce the level of parasites in infected people and help break the cycle of transmission until the disease is no longer a public health problem. A WHO resolution to achieve the elimination of LF was established by the Fiftieth World Health Assembly in Geneva in 1997. In 1998, GSK announced the donation of albendazole for the elimination of LF, and MSD expanded its donation of MECTIZAN® (ivermectin) through the MDP to include the elimination of LF in countries where the disease co-exists with river blindness. Since 1999, GSK has donated over 7 billion doses of albendazole worldwide to fight LF. Since 1987, MSD has donated more than 2.5 billion doses of MECTIZAN® to control and eliminate river blindness and LF. The elimination of LF in Togo follows similar progress in seven countries (Cambodia, Cook Islands, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Niue, Sri Lanka and Vanuatu) validated by the WHO to have eliminated LF as a public health problem. Thirteen additional countries have successfully completed large-scale treatment programs and are under surveillance to demonstrate that elimination has been achieved. This remarkable progress has been supported by a public-private partnership, the Global Alliance for the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis (GAELF), which brings together academic and research institutions, endemic counties, non-governmental development organizations, financial donors and the private sector in the fight against LF. “We celebrate this important achievement with the people of Togo. Lymphatic filariasis is a debilitating, but preventable, disease that not only affects patients and their families but also communities and health care systems,” said Dr. Julie L. Gerberding, MSD’s chief patient officer. “Working with our partners for nearly two decades, we strive to eliminate LF in Africa and Yemen to help improve the lives of tens of millions of people.” Phil Thomson, president of Global Affairs, GSK said “Achieving elimination of LF is a fantastic achievement for Togo and is testament to the commitment of the Togolese Government and the dedication of the health workers delivering treatments on the front line. We are committed to playing our part with the donation of albendazole for as long as it is needed to replicate this success throughout endemic countries, freeing communities from the burden of LF.” The MDP’s director, Dr. Yao Sodahlon, is a Togolese national and expert in tropical diseases who worked closely over the years with the ministry of health and other partners to ensure Togo’s success. “I am very proud of my country for achieving elimination of LF. My colleagues in the ministry of health must be congratulated for their dedication to ensuring the medications were consistently delivered to the millions of people at-risk of infection every year since the national elimination program started in 2000. I hope other countries in Africa will soon follow Togo in achieving this goal,” he said. About GSK GSK – one of the world’s leading research-based pharmaceutical and health care companies – is committed to improving the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. For further information please visit www.gsk.com. Contact:     Catherine Hartley +44 (0) 20 8047 5502   About MSD For over a century, MSD has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. MSD is a trade name of Merck & Co., Inc., with headquarters in Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.msd.com and connect with us on Twitter. Contacts:     Jeanine Clemente     Claire Gillespie 908-236-5059 267-305-0932   About the MECTIZAN® Donation Program The MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) was established in 1987 to provide medical, technical and administrative oversight of the donation of MECTIZAN® by MSD for the treatment of onchocerciasis. In 1998, MDP expanded its mandate to include oversight of the donation of albendazole by GSK for the elimination of lymphatic filariasis in onchocerciasis co-endemic areas. Contacts:     Joni Lawrence     Yao Sodahlon jlawrence@taskforce.org ysodahlon@taskforce.org 404-687-5610 404-371-1460   View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170418005573/en/ Bookmarken NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:41 Uhr | 19.04.2017 Deutsche Anleihen starten mit ... 08:29 Uhr | 19.04.2017 Akzo kämpft mit Abspaltung und ... 08:25 Uhr | 19.04.2017 ROUNDUP/Selbstfahrende Autos: ... 08:23 Uhr | 19.04.2017 ANALYSE-FLASH: Goldman hebt Ziel ... 08:22 Uhr | 19.04.2017 Zalando wächst im ersten Quartal ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min       Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations 4/18 Updated Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Immunovaccine Announces Dosing of First Patient in Investigator-Sponsored Phase 1b/2 Clinical Trial Evaluating Immuno-Oncology Candidate Targeting Incurable HPV-Related Cancers By Published: Apr 18, 2017 7:05 a.m. ET Share HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA, Apr 18, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Study Demonstrates Broad Applicability of Immunovaccine's DepoVax(TM) Platform for Delivering Cancer Antigens HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Immunovaccine Inc. ("Immunovaccine" or the "Company") (IMV)(otcqx:IMMVF), a clinical stage vaccine and immunotherapy company, today announced that the first study participant has been treated in a Phase 1b/2 clinical study evaluating Immunovaccine's investigational cancer vaccine, DPX-E7, in combination with low-dose cyclophosphamide in patients with incurable oropharyngeal, cervical and anal cancers related to the human papillomavirus (HPV). Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (Dana-Farber) is leading the DPX-E7 study through a $1.5 million research grant from Stand Up To Cancer and the Farrah Fawcett Foundation to clinically evaluate collaborative translational research that addresses critical problems in HPV-related cancers. "Because DPX-E7 is formulated with the same DepoVax™ platform technology as our DPX-Survivac candidate, this trial further demonstrates the broad applicability of DepoVax™ to deliver cancer antigens appropriately," said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine's Chief Executive Officer. "It is also an important step forward in developing therapies for the high-risk HPV infections that have been linked to cancers associated with poor patient outcomes. We are pleased to be working with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in this endeavor, and we look forward to continuing to fully leverage our platform's potential to address high unmet medical needs, delivering more options to patients and creating more opportunities to generate value for our shareholders." The Dana-Farber study is a single center, open label, non-randomized clinical trial that will investigate the safety and clinical efficacy of DPX-E7 in combination with low-dose metronomic oral cyclophosphamide in a total of 44 treated participants. Its primary objectives are to evaluate changes in CD8+ T cells in peripheral blood and tumor tissue, and to evaluate the safety of DPX-E7 vaccination in HLA-A2 positive patients with incurable HPV-related head and neck, cervical or anal cancers. DPX-E7 targets an HPV viral protein known as E7. Immunovaccine has the option to produce the DPX-E7 vaccine if it proves successful in the clinic. "We are excited to offer this new therapy for our patients with HPV-related head and neck, anal and cervical cancers that have recurred after standard therapy," said Robert Haddad M.D., disease center leader, head and neck oncology program at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. This trial marks another milestone in the expansion of Immunovaccine's growing pipeline of immuno-oncology candidates. Currently, Immunovaccine has multiple early-stage trials evaluating DepoVax™-based clinical candidates in ovarian cancer. The Company most recently announced that Princess Margaret Cancer Centre had received Health Canada clearance to begin an investigator-sponsored Phase 2 ovarian cancer study evaluating Immunovaccine's DPX-Survivac with Merck's pembrolizumab. Individuals interested in enrolling in the Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating DPX-E7 can find more information via clinicaltrials.gov. About HPV-related Cancers Approximately 30 to 40 types of human papillomaviruses (HPV) are transmitted through sexual contact and infect the anogenital region and oropharynx. About 15 of these are designated "high-risk" (i.e., oncogenic); more than five percent of all new cancers are attributed to high-risk HPV infections.(i) HPV is the cause of virtually all cases of cervical cancer, the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women worldwide, and has been linked to anal, vulva, vaginal, penile and oropharyngeal cancers.(ii),(iii),(iv) About DepoVax™  DepoVax™ is a patented formulation that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens plus adjuvant to the immune system, resulting in a strong, specific and sustained immune response with the potential for single-dose effectiveness. The DepoVax™ platform is flexible and can be used with a broad range of target antigens for preventative or therapeutic applications. The technology is designed to be commercially scalable, with the potential for years of shelf life stability. Fully synthetic, off-the-shelf DepoVax™-based vaccines are also relatively easy to manufacture, store, and administer. These characteristics enable Immunovaccine to pursue vaccine candidates in cancer, infectious diseases and other vaccine applications. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company's patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. (i) Parkin DM: The global health burden of infection-associated cancers in the year 2002. Int J Cancer 118:3030-44, 2006 (ii) Walboomers JM, Jacobs MV, Manos MM, et al: Human papillomavirus is a necessary cause of invasive cervical cancer worldwide. J Pathol 189:12-9, 1999 (iii) Alani RM, Munger K: Human papillomaviruses and associated malignancies. J Clin Oncol 16:330-7, 1998 (iv) Siegel R, Naishadham D, Jemal A: Cancer statistics, 2013. CA Cancer J Clin 63:11-30, 2013 MEDIA: Sam Brown Inc. Mike Beyer (312) 961-2502 mikebeyer@sambrown.com INVESTOR RELATIONS: Immunovaccine Inc. Pierre Labbe Chief Financial Officer (902) 492-1819 info@imvaccine.com www.imvaccine.com Westwicke Partners Patti Bank Managing Director (415) 515-4572 or O: (415) 513-1284 patti.bank@westwicke.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Birth Control Implant Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth During 2016 – 2026 : Persistence Market Research Birth control implants are devices that are highly effective in preventing pregnancy for a short period. These implants are placed sub-dermally and contain progestin, release of which stops ovulation. It also leads to thickening of the vaginal fluid that avoids fertilization by preventing sperms from reaching the egg. It also causes thinning of uterine lining that makes it difficult for the fertilised egg to attach onto it. Birth control implants are reversible contraceptive birth controls and have very low failure rate and if properly placed are able to avoid pregnancy for three years. The insertion and removal of the Birth control implants are done by healthcare professional after taking into consideration several other implications such as, history of blood clots, pregnancy, diabetes, breast cancer and heart, liver or kidney problems. These Birth control implants are also often associated with certain side effects such as headaches, acne or other pains. The Birth control implants now available are of single rod devices containing progestin, however, the first contraceptive implant that was developed and marketed as Norplant consisted of 6 rods. With further studies and researches, a 2-rod system that contained levonorgestrel with name Jadelle was eventually approved by FDA but was not, however marketed in United States. Later, in 1988, a single-rod implant containing etonogestrel, named Implanon entered the international market of birth control and was widely accepted for its convenience and better results. The 6 rod system was inconvenient and had difficulty with insertion and removal and thus was eventually removed from the US market. The 2-rod implant that was easier and better than 6-rod implants has been registered in 11 countries for birth control. The Birth control implants maker, Merck & Co. is phasing out its product Implanon and replacing it with its own another product Nexplanon. The Birth control implants market is a steadily growing market owing to the rise in awareness among people for birth control measures. The rise in the number of people undergoing treatments and the steady increase in the procedural volume implies that the market will be pushed further up in the forthcoming years. With not much competitors and products in the birth control implants market, the established key players have an added advantage. Technological innovations will keep driving the birth control implant market. However, the regulations related to the approval of the Birth control implants tend to restrain the market. The cost of these birth control implants and their inability for protection against STD’s act as another drawback. Advancements such as Nexplanon, which was launched in 2011 by Merck & Co. at United States. The Worldwide sales of Birth control implants by Merck & Co., that consist of Implanon and Nexplanon rose to $588 million in the year 2015 which indicates a 17% increase compared to 2014. This implies that these birth control products have a higher demand in the United States and the emerging markets. The birth control implant Jadelle, was developed and licensed by The Population Council. Further research and development activities pertaining to birth control implants are being undertaken with partnership with WomanCare Global. In 2016, Bayer announced its birth control implant Jadelle will be available at half the price until 2023, in order to cater to the needs of the poor. Thus, focusing and expanding its customer base to the emerging economies. Other birth control implants, such as Nesterone™ and Capronor™ comprising of different progestins, and biodegradable rods, pellets or microcapsules are under developmental stages. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12052 Geographically, Birth control implants is classified into regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, APAJ, Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe will remain key markets for Birth control implants due to rising awareness about the better results, hence a proportional increase in treatment procedures. The emerging regions are also anticipated to attain higher growth in the forecasted period for birth control implants market. Request to View Tables of Content @  http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12052 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBirth Control Implant Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Protalix BioTherapeutics Announces New Preclinical Results Demonstrating a Positive Effect of pegunigalsidase alfa (PRX-102) on Small-fiber Neuropathy in Fabry Disease Models Compared to Commercially Available Enzyme Replacement Therapies Next PostNext Global Nanofibers Market 2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Types & Application Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Birth Control Implant Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth During 2016 – 2026 : Persistence Market Research Birth control implants are devices that are highly effective in preventing pregnancy for a short period. These implants are placed sub-dermally and contain progestin, release of which stops ovulation. It also leads to thickening of the vaginal fluid that avoids fertilization by preventing sperms from reaching the egg. It also causes thinning of uterine lining that makes it difficult for the fertilised egg to attach onto it. Birth control implants are reversible contraceptive birth controls and have very low failure rate and if properly placed are able to avoid pregnancy for three years. The insertion and removal of the Birth control implants are done by healthcare professional after taking into consideration several other implications such as, history of blood clots, pregnancy, diabetes, breast cancer and heart, liver or kidney problems. These Birth control implants are also often associated with certain side effects such as headaches, acne or other pains. The Birth control implants now available are of single rod devices containing progestin, however, the first contraceptive implant that was developed and marketed as Norplant consisted of 6 rods. With further studies and researches, a 2-rod system that contained levonorgestrel with name Jadelle was eventually approved by FDA but was not, however marketed in United States. Later, in 1988, a single-rod implant containing etonogestrel, named Implanon entered the international market of birth control and was widely accepted for its convenience and better results. The 6 rod system was inconvenient and had difficulty with insertion and removal and thus was eventually removed from the US market. The 2-rod implant that was easier and better than 6-rod implants has been registered in 11 countries for birth control. The Birth control implants maker, Merck & Co. is phasing out its product Implanon and replacing it with its own another product Nexplanon. The Birth control implants market is a steadily growing market owing to the rise in awareness among people for birth control measures. The rise in the number of people undergoing treatments and the steady increase in the procedural volume implies that the market will be pushed further up in the forthcoming years. With not much competitors and products in the birth control implants market, the established key players have an added advantage. Technological innovations will keep driving the birth control implant market. However, the regulations related to the approval of the Birth control implants tend to restrain the market. The cost of these birth control implants and their inability for protection against STD’s act as another drawback. Advancements such as Nexplanon, which was launched in 2011 by Merck & Co. at United States. The Worldwide sales of Birth control implants by Merck & Co., that consist of Implanon and Nexplanon rose to $588 million in the year 2015 which indicates a 17% increase compared to 2014. This implies that these birth control products have a higher demand in the United States and the emerging markets. The birth control implant Jadelle, was developed and licensed by The Population Council. Further research and development activities pertaining to birth control implants are being undertaken with partnership with WomanCare Global. In 2016, Bayer announced its birth control implant Jadelle will be available at half the price until 2023, in order to cater to the needs of the poor. Thus, focusing and expanding its customer base to the emerging economies. Other birth control implants, such as Nesterone™ and Capronor™ comprising of different progestins, and biodegradable rods, pellets or microcapsules are under developmental stages. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12052 Geographically, Birth control implants is classified into regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, APAJ, Middle East and Africa. North America and Europe will remain key markets for Birth control implants due to rising awareness about the better results, hence a proportional increase in treatment procedures. The emerging regions are also anticipated to attain higher growth in the forecasted period for birth control implants market. Request to View Tables of Content @  http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12052 CategoriesUncategorized TagsBirth Control Implant Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Protalix BioTherapeutics Announces New Preclinical Results Demonstrating a Positive Effect of pegunigalsidase alfa (PRX-102) on Small-fiber Neuropathy in Fabry Disease Models Compared to Commercially Available Enzyme Replacement Therapies Next PostNext Global Nanofibers Market 2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Types & Application Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Market Report 2017 „The Report Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Market Report 2017 provides information on pricing, market analysis, shares, forecast, and company profiles for key industry participants. – MarketResearchReports.biz” In this report, the global Hospital Infection Therapeutics market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Hospital Infection Therapeutics for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Get Sample Copy of this Report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/1039994 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Hospital Infection Therapeutics sales volume, Price (USD/Pcs), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Sanofi Pfizer Merck Bayer Johnson & Johnson AstraZeneca Actavis Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Cubist Pharmaceuticals GlaxoSmithKline On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Pcs), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Pcs), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Antibacterial Drugs Antiviral Drugs Antifungal Drugs View Report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/1039994 On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Hospital Infection Therapeutics for each application, including Hospital-Acquired Pneumonia Urinary Tract Infections Gastrointestinal Disorders Bloodstream Infections Surgical Site Infections Other Hospital Infections Table of Contents Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Market Report 2017 1 Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Hospital Infection Therapeutics 1.2 Classification of Hospital Infection Therapeutics by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Antibacterial Drugs 1.2.4 Antiviral Drugs 1.2.5 Antifungal Drugs 1.3 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospital-Acquired Pneumonia 1.3.3 Urinary Tract Infections 1.3.4 Gastrointestinal Disorders 1.3.5 Bloodstream Infections 1.3.6 Surgical Site Infections 1.3.7 Other Hospital Infections 1.4 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Hospital Infection Therapeutics Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Hospital Infection Therapeutics Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Hospital Infection Therapeutics Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Hospital Infection Therapeutics (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics (Volume and Value) by Type 2.2.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.2.2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics (Volume and Value) by Region 2.3.1 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.3.2 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 2.4 Global Hospital Infection Therapeutics (Volume) by Application 3 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 3.1 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Value (2012-2017) 3.1.1 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.2 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 3.1.3 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 3.3 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 3.4 United States Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 4 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 4.1 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Value (2012-2017) 4.1.1 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.2 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 4.1.3 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 4.2 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 4.3 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 4.4 China Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Application 5 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics (Volume, Value and Sales Price) 5.1 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Value (2012-2017) 5.1.1 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.2 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2017) 5.1.3 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Price Trend (2012-2017) 5.2 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Players 5.3 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Type 5.4 Europe Hospital Infection Therapeutics Sales Volume and Market Share by Application About us MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Contact Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 USA: Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 Website: www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe Plastic Gasket Market Consumption Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Next PostNext Vacuum Packaging Market: Rising Demand for Lower Material Wastage in Packaging to Boost Demand Search Recent Posts Research Developments Project Building Automation and Control Systems Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Online movie ticketing services Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 New Electric Vehicle Motor (EVM) Controller Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2021 New Bipolar Disorder Therapeutic Market Research Report Focused On World Development Overview Forecast To 2021 LHV Groupi 18. aprilli investorkohtumise video Proudly powered by WordPress
04192017Headline: Global TV Mount Market Set To Hit US$ 3.39 Bn By 2023: Credence Research 1 min ago Global Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 10 Bn By 2023: Credence Research 5 mins ago Market Overview – Acquired Hemophilia Treatment Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2023: Credence Research 14 mins ago Hydroprocessing Catalysts Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 17 mins ago Industrial Butt Fusion Machines Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 19 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Analysis Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Market – Industry Size, Share, Trends, Market Growth, And Forecast 2017-2022 – Acute Market Reports Global Analysis Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales Market – Industry Size, Share, Trends, Market Growth, And Forecast 2017-2022 – Acute Market Reports April 18, 2017 | by Jayvir | In this report, the global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K doses), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Cervical Cancer Vaccine for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Cervical Cancer Vaccine sales volume, Price (USD/dose), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including MSD GSK … On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K doses), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/dose), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Gardasil Cervarix On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Cervical Cancer Vaccine for each application, including HPV6 HPV11 HPV16 HPV18   Browse Complete Report  –  http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/cervical-cancer-vaccine-sales-market   View all reports of this category @ – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/vaccines-market   1 Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Cervical Cancer Vaccine 1.2 Classification of Cervical Cancer Vaccine by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Gardasil 1.2.4 Cervarix 1.3 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 HPV6 1.3.3 HPV11 1.3.4 HPV16 1.3.5 HPV18 1.4 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Cervical Cancer Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Cervical Cancer Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Cervical Cancer Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Cervical Cancer Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Cervical Cancer Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Cervical Cancer Vaccine Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Cervical Cancer Vaccine (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 2 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Competition by Players/Suppliers, Type and Application 2.1 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Market Competition by Players/Suppliers 2.1.1 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Cervical Cancer Vaccine Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017)   latest Market Demand and Industry Development Reports for 2017  – https://www.newswire.com/news/2017-latest-report-aquarium-filters-market-industry-analysis-fastest-market http://www.culrav.org/pr/professional-survey-report-apron-feeders-global-market-growth-latest-market-trends-and-competitive-landscape-outlook-dmand-2017-to-2021.php http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/china-aprotic-solvent-market-research-report-2017 http://thrasherbacker.com/latest-report-automotive-electronic-igniter-market-global-market-overview-growth-market-trends-and-professional-survey-report-forecast-2017-to-2022-by-acute-market-reports/0153311/   About –  Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the worlds most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online.   Contact Us : Name : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation : Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email :  sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com   Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global TV Mount Market Set To Hit US$ 3.39 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Global Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 10 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Market Overview – Acquired Hemophilia Treatment Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2023: Credence Research Hydroprocessing Catalysts Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global TV Mount Market Set To Hit US$ 3.39 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Global Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 10 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Market Overview – Acquired Hemophilia Treatment Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2023: Credence Research Hydroprocessing Catalysts Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Industrial Butt Fusion Machines Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
04192017Headline: Global TV Mount Market Set To Hit US$ 3.39 Bn By 2023: Credence Research 1 min ago Global Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 10 Bn By 2023: Credence Research 5 mins ago Market Overview – Acquired Hemophilia Treatment Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2023: Credence Research 14 mins ago Hydroprocessing Catalysts Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 17 mins ago Industrial Butt Fusion Machines Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 19 mins ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth, Regional Outlook and Forecast 2017 – Acute Market Reports April 18, 2017 | by Siemon | In this report, the global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/breath-actuated-pressurized-inhaler-market-research Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Novartis International AG Propeller Health AstraZeneca Plc Philips Respironics Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Opko Health Merck BioCare Group On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Single-dose Inhalers Multi-dose Inhalers On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler for each application, including Hospitals Ambulatory Surgery Centres 1 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler 1.2 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Single-dose Inhalers 1.2.4 Multi-dose Inhalers 1.2.4 Type II 1.2.4 Type II 1.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Segment by Application 1.3.1 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Hospitals 1.3.3 Ambulatory Surgery Centres 1.4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/medical-equipments-market 2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) To Get Complete Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/breath-actuated-pressurized-inhaler-market-research 5 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries Latest Reports : http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/global-vibrating-mesh-nebulizer-market-size-share-trends-growth-regional-outlook-and-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports_110107.html http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/global-feed-antioxidants-market-size-share-trends-growth-regional-outlook-and-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports_110105.html http://www.abnewswire.com/pressreleases/recent-release-global-forklift-tire-market-size-share-trends-growth-regional-outlook-and-forecast-2017-acute-market-reports_110103.html About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Name : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Designation : Global Sales Manager Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global Breath-actuated Pressurized Inhaler Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global TV Mount Market Set To Hit US$ 3.39 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Global Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 10 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Market Overview – Acquired Hemophilia Treatment Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2023: Credence Research Hydroprocessing Catalysts Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global TV Mount Market Set To Hit US$ 3.39 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Global Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM) Market Is Expected To Reach Over US$ 10 Bn By 2023: Credence Research Market Overview – Acquired Hemophilia Treatment Market Shares, Strategies And Forecasts to 2023: Credence Research Hydroprocessing Catalysts Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Industrial Butt Fusion Machines Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Controlled-Release Drug Delivery Technology Market Volume Analysis, size, share and Key Trends 2017-2027 Specific focus on the quality-by-design (QbD) approaches for the robust design of dosage forms is expected to change the future landscape of controlled-release drug delivery technologies. While conventional hydrophilic matrix based technologies such as Accuform are being used in the market for several years, recent advancements in the development of oral drug delivery systems such as gastro-retentive drug delivery for controlled release, buoyant systems, mucoadhesive systems for regulated release of anti-viral medications etc. would increase the penetration of controlled-release drug delivery technologies in the global pharmaceuticals market. Acuform polymer-based patented technology is widely being used in a number of controlled-release formulations such as NUCYNTA ER, Gralise (Depomed Inc.), Janumet XR (Merck), Glumetza (Salix Pharmaceuticals) etc. Wurster coating technology is being used in the drug coating for controlled release of drug since 1976. Corplex transdermal technology has largely been commercialized in P&G’s Crest product line. Plenty of new controlled-release technologies are in phase to be commercialized in next few years. For instance, MicroCor PTH using MicroCor transdermal technology is being evaluated in phase IIa. OROS technology which delivers drug in controlled manneris being used in more than 17 commercially available drugs. In case of oral controlled drug delivery, elderly persons and pediatrics constitute the large proportion of consumers for controlled-release drugs due to increase adherence to dosage regime. Some of the commercially available medications using controlled-release drug delivery technology include Prozac (polymer matrix based system), Avinza (polymer coating), Capoten (enzyme activated system), GLUCOPHAGE XR (polymer matrix based system), Alza (osmotically activated system) etc. Controlled-Release Drug Delivery Technology Market: Drivers and Restraints The global market for controlled-release drug delivery technology is driven by increasing the need for pediatric controlled release dosage forms, high acceptance of CR dosage forms due to once-a-daily dosing nature, etc. However, some of the major factors restraining the global market for controlled-release drug delivery technology are fewer excipients are deemed acceptable for pediatric use, the requirement of a high dose of API, promising development of CR dosage forms that impart abuse resistance, a higher price of controlled-release systems compared with traditional pharmaceutical formulations, etc. Moreover, some of the biopharmaceutical challenges for development of controlled-release drug delivery systems such as establishing desired release profiles for new chemical entities, risk management of dose dumping, selection of biocompatible and biodegradable materials with desired controlled-release properties, etc. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2833 Controlled-Release Drug Delivery Technology Market: Segmentation The global controlled-release drug delivery technology market has been segmented on the basis of technology, release mechanism, application, and geography. Based on technology, the global controlled-release drug delivery technology market is divided into following: Wurster technique (drug coating) Coacervation Micro Encapsulation Implants Transdermal Targeted Delivery Microelectromechanical Technology Others (Liposomes) Based on release mechanism, the global controlled-release drug delivery technology market is divided into following: Polymer Coating Systems Polymer Matrix Based Systems Hydrophilic Polymer Matrix Systems Lipophilic Polymer Matrix Systems Micro Reservoir Partition Controlled Drug Delivery Systems Feedback Regulated Drug Delivery Systems Activation-modulated Drug Delivery Systems Mechanically Activated Osmotic Pressure Activated Hydrodynamic Pressure Activate Vapor Pressure Activated Mechanically Activated Magnetically Activated Chemically Activated pH Activated Hydrolysis Activated Enzyme Activated Based on application, the global controlled-release drug delivery technology market is segmented as below: Metered Dose Inhalers Injectable Transdermal and Ocular Patches Infusion Pumps Oral Controlled-drug delivery Systems Drug Eluting Stents Others Request For TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2833 Controlled-Release Drug Delivery Technology Market: Overview The global market for controlled drug delivery technology is expected to gain traction during the forecast period due to increasing commercialization of new technologies by a number of modified release products launches. Loss of patents for some of the controlled-release drug delivery technologies would present an opportunity for generic players to penetrate the market. For instance, blockbuster osmotic delivery system OROS would be off patented by July 2017 and the technology will lose the pediatric exclusivity by January 2018. Allergan Plc. received FDA approval for Generic Cardizem extended release tablets indicated for the treatment of hypertension. Controlled-Release Drug Delivery Technology Market: Regional Wise Outlook Geographically, the global controlled-release drug delivery technology market is classified into regions viz. North America, Latin America, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Asia-Pacific, Japan, Middle East and Africa. North America will continue to hold the largest share in the global controlled-release drug delivery technology market due to rising number of NDA and ANDA applications being filed by the key players. Europe is expected to hold second largest share in the global market for controlled-release drug delivery technology market. However, APAC is expected to witness highest growth rate due to expansion activities by the key players in the region. Controlled-Release Drug Delivery Technology Market: Key Players Some of the market players in the global controlled-release drug delivery technology market are Depomed, Inc., Coating Place, Inc., Corium International Inc., Alza Corporation (Johnson & Johnson), Pfizer Inc., SKY Pharmaceuticals Pvt. Ltd. and others. Global pharmaceutical companies are desperately looking for new strategies to increase profitability and in line with this number of companies are bringing in the market, the modified release formulations of existing drugs due to short pathway for approval while maintaining their market share. Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious U.S. Parents Report Highest Spike in Well-Being Next PostNext External Storage Market Revenue, Opportunity, Segment and Key Trends 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Whole Genome Amplification Market Poised for Steady Growth in the Future Offshore Drilling Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Motion Simulation Market Expected to Expand at a Steady CAGR through 2026 Alarm.com to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results on May 9, 2017 U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for April 19: All News Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global Steroid-Corticosteroids Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Full information ：www.globalinforesearch.com/goods.php?id=7140 Steroid-Corticosteroids are a class of steroid hormones that are produced in the adrenal cortex of vertebrates, as well as the synthetic analogues of these hormones. (Globalinforesearch) Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Steroid-Corticosteroids in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Sumitomo Pfizer Novartis Merck Sanofi Johnson and Johnson GSK AstraZeneca Cipla Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America (Brazil, Argentina, Columbia etc.) Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa) Market Segment by Type, covers Cream Injection Other Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Hospital Clinic Other There are 15 Chapters to deeply display the global Steroid-Corticosteroids market. Chapter 1, to describe Steroid-Corticosteroids Introduction, product scope, market overview, market opportunities, market risk, market driving force; Chapter 2, to analyze the top manufacturers of Steroid-Corticosteroids, with sales, revenue, and price of Steroid-Corticosteroids, in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 3, to display the competitive situation among the top manufacturers, with sales, revenue and market share in 2016 and 2017; Chapter 4, to show the global market by regions, with sales, revenue and market share of Steroid-Corticosteroids, for each region, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, to analyze the key regions, with sales, revenue and market share by key countries in these regions; Chapter 10 and 11, to show the market by type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2012 to 2017; Chapter 12, Steroid-Corticosteroids market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2017 to 2022; Chapter 13, 14 and 15, to describe Steroid-Corticosteroids sales channel, distributors, traders, dealers, Research Findings and Conclusion, appendix and data source Betty Sales Director E-mail：betty@globalinforesearch.com Tel: HK:00852-58197708 USA:0013479661888 Add: Room 1902 Two International Finance Centre 8 Finance Street, Central Hong Kong Website: www.globalinforesearch.com/goods_all.php GlobalInfoResearch is a customer interest-based suppliers. Is in the best interests of our clients, they determine our every move. At the same time, we have great respect for the views of customers. With the improvement of the quality of our research, we develop custom interdisciplinary and comprehensive solution. For further development, we will do better and better.GlobalInfoResearch will with excellent professional knowledge and experience to carry out all aspects of our business. At the same time, we will fully look for information, to give a more comprehensive development. Globalinforesearch Room 1902 Two Interational Finance Centre 8 Finance Street,Central Hong Kong USA:0013479661888 HK:00852-58197708 Email Id: marco@globalinforesearch.com Website: www.globalinforesearch.com/goods_all.php This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Total Station Theodolites Market by Manufacturers, Countries, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Kosher Salt Sales Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2021 Search Recent Posts Keynote address at the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Breakfast Three Roles Cities Play in Building a Sustainable Future GW Pharmaceuticals and its U.S. Subsidiary Greenwich Biosciences Highlight New Epidiolex® (cannabidiol) Data Released by the American Academy of Neurology Patient Transport System Market Growth and Regional Forecast 2016 – 2024 Stem Cell Assay Market Analysis & Trends 2016 – 2024: Market Trends and Key Developments Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Mail Order Losartan generic Online Drug Store, Big Discounts Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 18 de Abril de 2017 Mail Order Losartan generic Generic Cozaar Where To Purchase Cheapest Cozaar without prescription. Cozaar (losartan) is used to treat high blood pressure. It is also used to reduce the risk of stroke in certain patients with high blood pressure and for treating kidney disease in certain patients with type 2 diabetes.  Order Generic Cozaar here for a fraction of the regular cost! Generic Cozaar may also be marketed as: Losartan *Cozaar® is a registered trademark of Merck & Co. Rating 4.5 stars, based on 215 comments Price from $0.88 Per pill Use this link to Order Generic Cozaar (Losartan) NOW! Achat Cozaar Generique Ligne Cheap Cozaar Overnight Delivery Buy Losartan Original Online Buy Cozaar Online Without Where I Can Buy Cozaar Buy Losartan Online Buy Losartan Online With Prescription Losartan Medication Sale Losartan Wholesale Pharmacy Best Site To Buy Cozaar Online Cozaar Sales Buy Cozaar Now Online Cheap Beställ Generic Cozaar Toronto Cuanto Valen Las Pastilla Cozaar Where To Buy Online Cozaar Sydney Cheap Cozaar Fast Cheap Losartan Real greensavers.sapo.ao cheap Caverta generic Sumycin buy Cephalexin greensavers.sapo.ao Losartan Generic Buy Online, Beställ Generic Cozaar Amsterdam, Achat Veritable Cozaar, Beställ Cheap Cozaar España, Can You Buy Losartan Online Prescription, Where To Get Online Cozaar New York, Achat Cozaar Doctissimo, Best Place Buy Losartan Online, Buying Cozaar Safely Online, Cozaar Generic Order Online, Buy Cozaar Or Losartan, Chicago Cheap Cozaar Where To Purchase, Best Site To Order Cozaar Online, Billig Cheap Cozaar Suisse, Buy Online Cozaar Atlanta, Acheter Online Cozaar Uk, Where To Order Cheap Cozaar Italy, Cozaar Wholesale Price, Buy Cozaar Shoppers Drug Mart, Safe Buy Cozaar Internet, Ou Acheter Losartan En Ligne, Cheapest Losartan, Cozaar Cost Low, Where Is The Cheapest Place To Buy Cozaar, Losartan Ordering Online, Acheter Cheap Cozaar Suisse, Cheapest Real Losartan, Purchase Online Cozaar San Diego, Order Losartan Order Online No Prescription, Coste Losartan, Where To Purchase Cheap Cozaar New York, Combien Online Cozaar Zürich, Canadian Cozaar Cheap, Losartan Sale Online, Losartan Order Online Real, Where To Buy Cheap Cozaar Online, Billig Cheap Cozaar Sverige, Buy Cheap Cozaar Sydney, Mail Order Generic Losartan, Buy Losartan Online Secure, Purchase Online Cozaar Australia, Where To Order Generic Cozaar Miami, Buy Cozaar Online Fast Delivery, Genuine Losartan Buy, Losartan Losartan Cost, Buy Losartan Retail, Achat Generic Cozaar Miami, Buy Cozaar Original Online Overnight Shipping, Losartan Cash Price, Where To Get Cheap Cozaar Norway, Best Website Buy Losartan, Acheter Losartan Quebec, Buy Brand Cozaar No Prescription, Buy Losartan Discount, Is Buying Generic Cozaar Online Safe, Average Cost Of Losartan, Generic Losartan Losartan Buy, Beställ Generic Cozaar Italy, Cozaar Purchases, Cozaar Buy Paypal, Gb Cheap Cozaar Where To Purchase, Cheap Cozaar Order Cozaar Online No Prescription, Buy Losartan Online Confidential, Losartan Online Ordering, Cozaar Pills Purchase, Ou Acheter Du Cozaar Sans Ordonnance generic Kamagra Oral Jelly buy Simvastatin buy Dapoxetine mysolsh.com cheap Nexium JAY2nn9 Related Posts Ceftin Cefuroxime Acquistare In linea * No Pharmacy Script online cheap Glucotrol 10 mg Best Place To Order Fastest U.S. Shipping Où Acheter Keflex En Ligne :: Drugstore Pas Cher :: Économisez temps et argent Kanadensiska Rabatt Apotek Handla Caverta På Nätet spårbar Shipping Apple poderá lançar iPhone reciclado de baixo custo Cheap Generic Tadalis Buy Online – Discounts And Free Shipping Applied – BitCoin payment Is Accepted Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Sumycin 500 mg Il costo di Generico - Trasporto veloce... Anterior Économisez temps et argent Pharmacie En Ligne France... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Veterinary Vaccines Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Veterinary Vaccines market is accounted for $5.4 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.1 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 7.7% from 2015 to 2022. Factors such as increasing foodborne and zoonotic diseases, global consumption of meat and milk products, increasing animal bites, increasing husbandry practices and improved veterinary vaccines delivery systems will propel market growth. Intense competition from cheaper generic substitutes, increasing adoption of vegetarian diet and strict regulations for product approval will hinder market growth. The DNA vaccine amongst product segment is anticipated to show high growth rate during forecast period, due to innovations in vaccination technology.  Foot & mouth disease accounted for the highest market share in disease type. A veterinary clinic in distribution channel segment is expected to witness significant growth during the forecast period. Europe is the leading market for Veterinary Vaccines followed by North America.  Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at fastest rate. Some of the key players in global Veterinary Vaccines market are Bayer Healthcare, Biogenesis Bago, Boehringer Ingelheim ,Ceva Animal Health, Diamond Animal Healthcare (Heska), Elanco Animal Health (Eli Lilly), Heska Corporation, Indian Immunological Ltd., Merck Animal Health, Merial Inc. (Sanofi), Vetoquinol, Virbac Ltd. and Zoetis. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/veterinary-vaccines-market-2016 Products Covered: • Attenuated Live Vaccines • Conjugate Vaccines • DNA Vaccines • Inactivated Vaccines • Recombinant Vaccines • Subunit Vaccines • Toxoid Vaccines Disease Types Covered: • Companion Animal Diseases o Feline Disease o Canine Vaccines • Poultry Diseases o Avian Influenza o Coccidiosis o Gumboro Disease o Infectious Bronchitis o Marek’s Disease o Mycoplasma o Newcastle Disease o Other Poultry Diseases • Porcine Diseases o Auzeszky’s Disease o Porcine Circovirus II o Porcine Parvovirus o Porcine Reproductive Respiratory Syndrome (PRRS) o Swine Influenza o Swine Pneumonia o Other Porcine Diseases • Equine Diseases o Equine Encephalomyelitis o Equine Influenza o Equine Rhinopneumonitis o Strangles o Tetanus o Other Equine Diseases • Livestock Diseases o Bovine Disease o Small Ruminant Animal Disease • Aquaculture Diseases o Furunculosis o Pasteurellosis o Vibriosis o Other Aquaculture Diseases • Other Animal Diseases Distribution Channels Covered: • Veterinary Hospitals • Veterinary Clinics • Retail pharmacies • Veterinary Research institutes • Other Distribution Channels Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/veterinary-vaccines-market-2016 https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Playing Cards Sales Market 2017 Top Players – Ellusionist, Yaoji Poker, DiaoYu, BinWang, Ningbo Three A Group Next PostNext Global Reclining Sofas Sales Market 2017 Top Players – La-Z-Boy, Heritage Home Group, Ekornes, Steinhoff International Search Recent Posts Global Pharmaceutical Warehousing Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Oxygen Therapy Devices Market Outlook 2017-2021 Aircraft De-icing Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 The Apple Rush Company Announces completion of financials and launch of new product capabilities Global Military Aerial Refueling Tanker Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 7.83% During The Period 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Antifungal Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 “According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Antifungal Drugs Market is accounted for $13.2 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $18.2 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 5.4% during the forecast period”. Factors such as rising government and corporate financial support in the industry, growing awareness of fungal infections and increase in disposable income are fueling the market growth. However, generic competition and huge diffusion of conventional drugs used for the treatment of fungal infections are hampering the market growth. Cost of drugs and their effectiveness in treatment are major challenges in the market. Dermatophytosis segment is anticipated to hold the largest market share during the forecast period due to increasing prevalence of skin infections in children. Candidiasis segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to account for the largest market share owing to the huge patient awareness levels and increased R&D spending pertaining to new drug development. Asia Pacific is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period owing to rising awareness towards personal safety and health care. Some of the key players in Antifungal Drugs market include GlaxoSmithKline, Agilent Technologies, Inc., Kramer Laboratories, Bayer Healthcare, Abbott Laboratories, Novartis, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Merck & Co. Inc.,Pfizer Inc., Enzon Pharmaceuticals, PerkinElmer, Inc., Alternaria, Sigma-Aldrich and Astellas Pharma Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antifungal-drugs-market Therapeutic Indications Covered: • Candidiasis • Dermatophytosis • Aspergillosis • Other Therapeutic Indications Product Forms Covered: • Liquids or Spray • Shampoo • Gels • Injections • Tablets (Pill) • Cream Drugs Types Covered: • Polyenes • Azoles o Imidazole o Thiazoles o Voricanazole o Triazole • Allylamines • Echinocandins • Other Drugs Types Distribution Channels Covered: • Retail Pharmacies • Specialty Clinics • E-commerce • Hospital Pharmacies Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antifungal-drugs-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pharmaceuticals Excipients Market Forecast By End-use Industry 2015-2025 Next PostNext Coronary Artery Bypass Grafts Market Growth, Trends and Value Chain 2015-2025 by FMI Search Recent Posts Gas Alarm Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Global Body Armor and Personal Protection Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Global Cycle Computer Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Global Epinephrine Autoinjector Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Global Smart Office Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Explore the whole Special Report Currently reading: ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Chagas disease: The Brazilian forest bites back Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China Snail fever: the threat in Suriname’s water Philanthropy: the search for the best way to give Papua New Guinea struggles to eradicate yaws disease See all 14 stories Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana Volunteers in remote areas are helping to bring the diseases under control, though millions of people remain at risk Breeding ground: a river near Asubende, a habitat for blackflies, which transmit the onchocerciasis parasite © Cristina Aldehuela Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save April 18, 2017 by: Andrew Jack Francis Queye treks down a dusty path in the baking lunchtime heat between palm nut trees towards a cluster of mud-caked huts. He is carrying a wooden rod with four black lines marked along its length. In a clearing under a tree in the hamlet of Fa-asemkye, he holds it upright to measure the height of a three-year-old boy. He hands him a single pill to swallow with a gulp of water and writes his name, Daniel Bah Joshua, in his notebook. Queye is one of the thousands of volunteers who are mobilised twice a year across Ghana to perform this procedure. It is a simple routine, but in the coming years it could rid the country of onchocerciasis, an insect-transmitted scourge that affects about 37m people worldwide, the vast majority in Africa. Known colloquially as river blindness, the disease is caused by a parasite that spreads via the bite of the blackfly breeding on the banks of fast-flowing rivers. Left untreated, worms grow inside the body, causing itching, lumps and eventually blindness, when they enter the eye. A periodic dose of ivermectin — a drug originally developed to tackle parasites in dogs — can both treat and protect against the disease. With no easy access to weighing scales as he travels about, Queye uses his measuring stick to estimate people’s size and assess how much medication they need, before administering between one and four tablets. A cocoa farmer, he was recruited last year to work on an ambitious national campaign to eliminate the disease (technically, elimination means reducing the number of cases to less than 0.1 per cent of the population) within the next four years. “I do this out of patriotism,” he says. The programme, which is funded by the state and non-governmental organisations, including the UK charity Sightsavers, begins in the factories of Merck, the US pharmaceutical company that developed ivermectin and has been donating it for almost three decades. The medicine is shipped to voluntary drug distributors such as Queye, who seek to reach the millions at risk in remote areas. In the Birim North district of southern Ghana, where Fa-asemkye is located, 62,000 people were given ivermectin last year. Emmanuel Duako (in red) and villagers from Asubende who have gone blind © Cristina Aldehuela Substantial progress has been made since this so-called “mass drug administration” began. But that was in 1998, and the campaign is continuing, with an estimated 5m people still at risk in Ghana. In the past few years, the number of districts reporting river blindness has dropped sharply, giving the programme’s co-ordinators the confidence to shift from a target of bringing the disease under control to planning its elimination. But the final stretch will be difficult. Ivermectin only kills the baby worms, or microfilariae, in the body, so it has to be given each year for up to 15 years — the lifetime of the adult worms that continue to live and reproduce inside the body. This requires the continued distribution of drugs and laborious surveillance of patients. “It’s a big challenge getting access to the community,” says Thomas Azurago, the health director in Birim North’s administrative centre, New Abirem. The district has no ambulance and cars are in very short supply, with just a few motorbikes for health workers to reach remote areas. It is not always easy to find and retain unpaid community drug volunteers, whose goodwill is being stretched as a growing number of competing disease programmes seek them to dispense advice and distribute products, including drugs and anti-malaria mosquito nets. Many younger people have left to escape the infection © Cristina Aldehuela While most people in the villages are happy to take ivermectin, some have been put off by potential side-effects on a scale from itching to, very rarely, a life-threatening skin condition called Stevens-Johnson syndrome. In Azurago’s district, just 2 per cent of people actively refused to take the drug last year, official data show, but about 6 per cent of locals simply did not turn up on the day they were scheduled to receive it, with many busy at work on their farms or away on errands. The success of the programme has, in itself, been a brake on the final push to elimination. Onchocerciasis is no longer widely seen in communities and, as a result, it is not perceived to be a serious threat. Meanwhile, the health system is struggling to cope with other pressures; Azurago says his colleagues are more concerned about malaria, respiratory infections and a rise in cases of hypertension and other lifestyle-related diseases. Francis Queye hands out medication © Cristina Aldehuela Several hours’ drive from Birim North in the fishing settlement of Asubende, which means “by the river” in the local language, half a dozen people in their 60s and 70s sit on benches and talk about how they became blind after years of untreated infection. “We didn’t know the disease was transmitted by flies or that we would go blind,” says Emmanuel Duako, a fisherman, recalling the many members of his parents’ generation who were blind. “We thought it was just linked to old age. We didn’t know the cause. We used to go to the river to fish and to wash,” he says. Many of his friends also lost their sight. We didn’t know the cause — we thought it was just old age Emmanuel Duako Mary Bacheyiri, a retired teacher, is a local community drug distributor who works for a range of different health programmes. She visits schools to talk to pupils about the importance of using bed-nets as a guard against malaria-carrying mosquitoes and boiling water to prevent other infections. She says she was motivated to volunteer after her husband went blind from onchocerciasis: “He was tested and diagnosed with river blindness, but he began to itch after starting the tablets and stopped taking them,” she says. “The others who took the drugs were fine.” The prevalence of river blindness has fallen sharply in Asubende, down from 88 per cent in 1987 to 3 per cent in 2014. But tracking down remaining cases is difficult both for onchocerciasis and another neglected condition in Ghana, lymphatic filariasis, which threatens an estimated 12m people across the country and carries great stigma. Also known as elephantiasis, it is transmitted by mosquitoes and can lead to painful and disabling swelling in the arms, legs and genitals if left untreated. Sores develop that cause further infection, and sometimes amputation is necessary. In most cases, the fluid cannot be drained from the limbs, although men can have surgery to alleviate swelling of the scrotum (hydrocele). Mary Bacheyiri volunteered to provide drugs after her husband went blind © Cristina Aldehuela “People can’t work, can’t walk, have to stay at home and cannot have sex,” says Benjamin Marfo, a surgeon and the deputy programme manager of neglected tropical diseases at Ghana’s health ministry. He estimates that several thousand people are waiting for operations for hydrocele and some amputations. Marfo has just returned from a trip to the country’s far north, and describes the difficulty of identifying lymphatic filariasis there. Even though less intrusive diagnostics are being introduced, the traditional technique requires analysis of blood taken from patients at night — the only time when the worms migrate to the surface of the body and can be identified. That requires healthcare workers to bring people together when they would normally be sleeping and to overcome suspicions of occultism that are linked to the drawing of blood. “People sometimes think you are involved in rituals,” he says. Lymphatic filariasis can be treated with an annual dose of ivermectin combined with albendazole, a drug developed and donated worldwide by GlaxoSmithKline. The medicines cannot cure or reverse the condition but have at least prevented further deterioration for Naomi Cominey, who was diagnosed belatedly after she felt pain, swelling and liquid oozing from her legs. “At first, people told me it was because I had sinned against my husband, and I shouldn’t go to hospital or they would amputate,” she says. Instead, alongside periodically taking the drugs, she still manages to work as a hairdresser. She has learnt to wash her legs carefully and to elevate them at night to ease the swelling. Remote existence: the road from Asubende to the river, where blackflies breed © Cristina Aldehuela Greater co-ordination of the distribution of the two drugs since 2007 has helped bring down the number of people at risk, from 12m in 98 districts in 2001 to 2m in 17 districts today. Public health experts say the increasing use of mosquito nets has also helped stem the spread of elephantiasis. Other man-made interventions in Ghana have had confounding effects. On one hand, building dams in Birim North to allow gold mining to expand has slowed the flow of rivers there, reducing the size of breeding grounds for blackfly. But the larger volume of stagnant water has created an attractive new habitat for mosquitoes and the river snails that carry another neglected tropical disease, schistosomiasis (snail fever). Cross-border migration means similar momentum is needed on public health from neighbouring countries such as Ivory Coast, says Nana-Kwadwo Biritwum, the Ghanian health ministry’s neglected tropical diseases programme manager. There is, however, good reason to hope the hurdles can be overcome. In the past few years, Ghana has rid itself of polio and Guinea worm, and plans to submit a dossier to the World Health Organization this autumn to say it is now also free of trachoma, a bacterial infection that causes blindness. This would help build confidence that it can also eliminate lymphatic filariasis by 2020 and onchocerciasis by 2025. That may be scant comfort to an older generation who will continue to bear the burden of infection. Villages such as Asubende have been largely abandoned by younger generations fleeing the disease, says Duako. “Most people moved elsewhere. Those who are still here have no place to go.” But at least the remaining children, some of whom are running around nearby, face a healthier future than Duako and his generation. Onchocerciasis / Lymphatic filariasis © Serge Seidlitz Tiny blackflies that live by fast-flowing water spread the filarial worms that cause onchocerciasis, known also as river blindness, from person to person. The disease is mostly found in remote villages where inhabitants subsist on farming. Once inside the body, the larvae of the worms migrate to the skin, eyes and other organs, where they grow into adult worms that can live in the body for up to 15 years. The disease causes skin lesions, severe itching and visual impairment, including permanent blindness, and can shorten life expectancy by up to 15 years. More than 99 per cent of infected people live in 31 countries in sub-Saharan Africa.WHO target: Elimination in selected countries in Africa © Serge Seidlitz Lymphatic filariasis, commonly known as elephantiasis, is an infection that is often asymptomatic but, if untreated, can cause severe disability through profound and painful swelling of the arms, legs and genitals. It is transmitted by mosquitoes that carry the larvae of threadlike worms which nest in the human lymphatic system. People of all ages can be infected and symptoms of an infection in childhood can appear much later in life. An estimated 120m people are infected globally, but treatment with a single dose of two combined drugs each year can protect whole communities from the diseaseWHO target: Global elimination by 2020 Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save READ MORE Papua New Guinea struggles to eradicate yaws disease Explore the Special Report ABOUT THIS Special Report Neglected tropical diseases affect more than a billion people. These diseases of the poor are notorious for their disabling symptoms. Progress has been slow, but the drug industry and communities are redoubling efforts to eliminate treatable conditions Currently reading: ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Chagas disease: The Brazilian forest bites back Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China Snail fever: the threat in Suriname’s water Philanthropy: the search for the best way to give Papua New Guinea struggles to eradicate yaws disease See all 14 stories Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Antiviral Drugs Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Antiviral market is accounted for $42.65 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $63.11 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 5.8%. Increased count of people across the globe affecting from influenza, respiratory syncytial virus and epidemic of viral infections had given market a prudential base for the growth. Strong R&D and newer & advance formulations in the antiviral drugs market are expected to drive the market. However, high risk of failure and huge cost of R&D are hampering the market. HIV antivirals segment among applications is expected to dominate the market due to increase in prevalence of HIV infections, and due to growing awareness among people. Moreover, generic drugs segment is expected to witness lucrative growth over the forecast period on account of favorable government regulations. North American market is expected to dominate the global market. However, Asia Pacific is estimated to be the fastest growing region due to growing economies and increased healthcare expenditure in the region. Some of the key players of the Antiviral Drugs market include Abbott Laboratories, AbbVie, Inc., Aurobindo Pharma, Bristol-Myers-Squibb, Cipla, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Gilead Sciences, GlaxoSmithKline plc., Johnson and Johnson, MedImmune/AstraZeneca, Merck & Co., Mylan N.V., Roche Diagnostics, Schering-Plough and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antiviral-drugs-market Applications Covered: • Hepatitis-B antivirals • Hepatitis-C antivirals • Herpes virus • HIV antivirals • Influenza • Other Applications o Pneumonia o Flu End-Users Covered: • Ambulatory Surgical Centers • Clinics • Hospitals Distribution Channels covered: • Hospital Pharmacy Store • Online Pharmacy • Retail Pharmacy Store Product Types Covered: • Generic Drugs • Branded Drugs Action Mechanisms covered: • Nucleotide polymerase inhibitor • Protease inhibitors • Reverse transcriptase inhibitors • Other Action Mechanisms Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/antiviral-drugs-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Diabetic Food Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Finalists announced in PR awards Search Recent Posts Gas Alarm Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 New Undiscovered Prince Recordings To Be Released This Friday With „DELIVERANCE” EP Global Body Armor and Personal Protection Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Global Cycle Computer Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Global Epinephrine Autoinjector Market by Types, Application with Price, Sale, Consumption and Revenue Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
▲ Up   13:04 19-04-2017 Sign-up MAIN АКИpress CA-News ADVERTISE WITH US SUBSCRIBE KazakhstanKyrgyzstanMongoliaTajikistanTurkmenistanUzbekistanWorld POLITICSBUSINESSINCIDENTSSOCIETYCULTURESPORTANALYSISSCIENCE World> society Fight against neglected tropical diseases needs Big Pharma push: WHO 11:23, 19 April 2017, 163 AKIPRESS.COM - Progress has been made in tackling diseases that blind, disable and disfigure millions of poor in tropical areas each year, but drug companies need to step up donations of medicines, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Wednesday. One billion people, mainly in Asia, Africa and Latin America, are still treated each year for at least one of 18 neglected tropical diseases known as NTDs, it said, Reuters reported. Dengue, onchocerciasis (river blindness), and sleeping sickness are among those carried by mosquitoes or flies that are spreading from rural areas to urban slums, the WHO warned. "There is no group of diseases that is so intimately linked to poverty," Dr. Dirk Engels, director of WHO's department of control of neglected tropic diseases, told a news briefing. "A number of companies have accompanied us in the scaling up by making more medicines available. Is that enough? No, there are still diseases that are neglected and we still have problems with access to basic medicines," he said. GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis and Sanofi are among major donors, WHO says. Merck said earlier it was developing a children's formula of its drug to treat schistosomiasis, a parasitic worm disease which kills 280,000 a year in Africa. New products need an access plan for patients "because just counting on the commercial mechanisms won’t work", Enders said. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is backing research and development into NTDs. Bill Gates met with CEOs of major pharmaceutical companies in Geneva on Tuesday. "Good progress, some of these diseases are on track to be done (eliminated) by 2020, some by 2025. Some will take longer than that," Gates told a news conference, noting that there were only 3,000 cases of sleeping sickness last year. Full access to all news articles in English 1 month2000 somsubscribe year20000 somsubscribe These subscription fees are for private individuals only. Please contact us via phone +996 (312) 900-776 or email info@akipress.org for corporate subscription inquiries PHOTO REPORTS Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan ink strategic partnership agreement VIDEO 2008 Olympics: Bazar Bazarguruev (KGZ) vs Vasyl Fedoryshyn (UKR) LIFE IN CENTRAL ASIA Bishkek churchgoers attend Easter services LATEST NEWS 13:00 Life in rural Kyrgyzstan: Kyrgyz artist with style12:57 Atambayev signs amendments to law on fire safety12:39 Skinning donkeys practiced again in Issyk-Kul12:35 Atambayev receives Iranian Foreign Minister12:29 Schools should start later to prevent accidents, depression, scientists say12:11 Georgia special election will go to runoff12:08 23 houses flooded in Osh11:57 Hit-and-run driver of Lexus detained11:41 Kyrgyzstan and Qatar plan signing of agreement on legal cooperation11:41 About 1,100 people were strengthening river banks in Osh all night to prevent flooding11:39 Iran's Chamber of Commerce hopes to reach $100 trade turnover with Kyrgyzstan11:35 Salt makes you hungry, not thirsty, study says11:23 Fight against neglected tropical diseases needs Big Pharma push: WHO11:22 Tajikistan checking reports on death of ex-commander of Tajik special police, ISIS 'minister of war'11:03 Meet an ethnic Kyrgyz in China who leads a basketball team that became 2016-2017 CBA season champion10:59 Freight train runs off track in Tajikistan10:38 Water flow in 3 rivers of Jalal-Abad exceeds critical point10:30 Kyrgyz-Iranian business forum opens in Bishkek with FM Zarif's arrival10:14 Another river water rise threat observed in Chui region10:13 As Trump warned North Korea, his 'armada' was headed toward Australia MOST READ 14:32 15.04.17 ISIS ‘minister of war’ from Tajikistan killed by allied airstrike in Mosul17:12 15.04.17 2yo child with mother killed by mudflow in Tajikistan13:52 15.04.17 Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan define almost 1,000 km of border – Uzbek FM15:40 15.04.17 Bishkek marks World Health Day15:20 15.04.17 Government members planting trees in Chui region15:25 15.04.17 OSCE launches green technology workshops for women entrepreneurs in Kazakhstan12:17 15.04.17 EAEU expands Eurasian Economic Commission's powers in customs regulation11:44 15.04.17 Man missing after his house was hit by landslide in Osh (updated)11:18 15.04.17 Berdimuhamedov's trip to Kazakhstan scheduled for April 18-1918:05 15.04.17 Whether PM Jeenbekov will leave post or not will be decided by Parliament — Speaker © AKIpress News Agency - 2001-2017. All rights reserved Republication of any material is prohibited without a written agreement with AKIpress News Agency. Any citation must be accompanied by a hyperlink to akipress.com. Our address: Moskovskaya str. 189, Bishkek, the Kyrgyz Republic e-mail: english@akipress.org, akipressenglish@gmail.com; Tel/Fax: +996(312)90-07-75
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Military News U.S. Pet Medication Market: Current trends/opportunities/challenges Pet Medication is a branch of medicine that deals with the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of disease, disorder and injury in pet animals. The U.S. pet medication market is majorly driven by changing socio economic and cultural factors that have led to domestic pets being regarded as member of family. This in turn increases pet owner’s spending from innovative and specialized premium product and grooming expenses to medication drugs. Moreover, with the increasing trend of nuclear family and increasing disposable income the ownership of pets among middle class family is growing exponentially. The increasing number of pet owners and their growing concern towards pets, in turn is also expected to boost the U.S. pet medication market. However, the rising incident of pet allergy and increasing prices of pet medications products acts as restraining factor for the growth of pet care market. In addition, strict government regulations regarding pet ownership also hinders the growth of U.S. pet care market. The United States federal agency regulates the manufacturing and distribution of drugs and medications that are prescribed the veterinary animals. Veterinary prescription drugs are labeled for use only by or on the order of a licensed veterinarian. All veterinary prescription drugs must be properly labeled when dispensed. A complete label should include all the information set forth under the section on Basic Information for Records, Prescriptions, and Labels. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-pet-medication-mark… The U.S. pet market has been segmented on the basis of pet type, type of medication and type of disease. On the basis of pet type the market is categorized into canine care medications, feline care medications, fish care medications, bird care medications and others pets. The canine care medication segment held the largest share in the U.S. pet medication market and is anticipated to experience a constant growth during the focus period. The rise in the number of canine owners and high spending on canine care, coupled with high adoption rate of canines for companionship and for security purpose is expected to further boost the demand for medications for canine care. The canine care medication market is followed by feline care medication market. On the basis of type of disease, the market can be segmented into parasite prevention and control (flea, tick, heartworm, etc.), cancer, pain management, behavioral health, diabetes, heart health, ear care and allergies. The parasite prevention and control segment held the largest share during the forecast period. Parasite attacks and itching problems is the most common problem of the pet animals. Merial’s Frontline Plus and Nexgard are the market leaders for the parasite and control drug. On the type of medication, the U.S. pet medication market can be segmented into antibiotics, non-steroidal anti-inflammatories, opioid pain relievers, steroids, antiparasitics, behavior-modifying drugs and sedatives and chemotherapeutics. The antiparasitic drugs held the largest share in this segment. These products are intended to prevent, repel or kill internal or external parasites such as intestinal worms, intestinal protozoans (Giardia, etc.), heartworms, fleas and ticks. Chemotherapeutics is anticipated to be the fastest growing segment in the U.S. pet medication market during the forecast period of 2015-2023. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Some of the major companies participating in the U.S. pet medications market include Bayer Animal Health, Boehringer Ingelheim Vetmedica, Ceva Sante Animale, Novartis Animal Health, Elanco, Merial, Merck Animal Health, Zoetis and others. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Farmers support majority of immigration changes Next PostNext Dry Eye Syndrome Market: Regional and Competitive Dynamics Search Recent Posts U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market to be Driven by Growing Usage of Biologics in Asthma Contact Lens Market: Asia Pacific to Lead to Most Promising Growth Opportunities Growth of the Kaposi Sarcoma Market is Driven by the Easy Availability of Drugs and a High Diagnosis Rate of the Malignancy Increasing Consumer Consciousness & Awareness Drives the Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (ALL) Market grows with high incidence of acute lymphoblastic leukemia patients Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Military News Antiemetic Drugs Market: Advanced Technologies & Growth Opportunities in Global Industry by 2023 Nausea and vomiting are symptoms of some medical conditions like pregnancy, motion sickness, food poisoning, dizziness. They are also known to be the side effects of chemotherapy, radiation, anesthesia or opioid analgesics. Post-operative nausea and vomiting is one of the common complication after surgery whereas chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting is the most feared side effect of chemotherapy. Nausea and vomiting are not life threatening but may lead to other complications like weight loss, dehydration, erosion of the tooth and loss of appetite. If not treated they can interfere with the daily activity and can affect the quality of life. Nausea and vomiting are known as emesis and the drugs used in the management of nausea and vomiting are known as Antiemetic. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antiemetic-drugs-marke… The Antiemetic drug market is segmented on the basis of drug class and geography. On the basis of class it is classified as 5-HT3 receptor antagonists, Dopamine antagonists, NK1 receptor antagonist, Antihistamines, Cannabinoids and Others. According to few studies carried out it was seen that 5-HT3 antagonist are found to be very effective preventing nausea and vomiting in chemotherapy and radiations. Recently U.S. Food and Drug Administration sanctioned Varubi (rolapitant -NK-1 receptor antagonist) to stop delayed phase chemotherapy-induced emesis. It is accepted in adults and need to be given in combination with other antiemetic drugs that prevent emesis related with early and recurrence courses of vomit-inducing cancer chemotherapy. Domperidone leads the dopamine antagonists while Dronabinols is the biggest selling drug from Cannabinoid. On the basis of the geography, the artificial organ market can be segmented into North America), Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Rest of the World. Asia pacific has reported to be the fastest growing market due to large number of cancer patients. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The antiemetic drug market will grow strongly in the coming years due to the increasing number of cancer patients. Nausea and vomiting can result from surgery and radiation also but cancer induced nausea and vomiting are severe and disturbing. In chemotherapy more than 60% of patients suffer from nausea and vomiting. Chemotherapeutic agents such as Cisplatin and Carmustine causes nausea and vomiting in more than 90% of the patients. Also the research activities carried out to innovate the therapy are responsible to drive the market. The lack of appropriate animal model to imitate the human reaction is a restraint for the antiemetic drug market. Use of novel drug deliveries and several drugs in the pipelines will act as an opportunity for the manufacturers and can increase the market share of antiemetic drugs. Some of the major players in the antiemetic drug market are GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi, Merck & Co., Novartis AG,Bristol-Myers Squibb, Astellas Pharma, Inc., Eli Lilly, Abbott, Cipla Ltd, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd, Baxter International, IPCA Labs and others. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alcoholism, Smoking, Changing Lifestyle and Rising Geriatric Population Drives the Antiepileptic Drugs Market Next PostNext Global Pharmerging Market: Increasing Government Expenditure on Healthcare to Boost Growth Search Recent Posts Global Cryptocurrency Market Analysis with Oulook and Focus on Major Players OTR Tires Market Report by Top Manufacturers – Bridgestone, Michelin, Goodyear, Yokohama Tire Global Small Satellite Market Analysis by Application-Earth Observation and Meteorology, Technology Demonstration, Broadcasting and Telecommunication– Froecast 2021 Airbus Group SE (EADSY: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change GoGo Baby Inc (ALPC: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change Proudly powered by WordPress
Sign in Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Sign in / Join About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Contact Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Daily Times Nigeria Home News News Education Nigeria Africa World Analysis Interviews Editorial Abuja Times China In Nigeria Art Tourism Politics Entertainment Entertainment Celebrities Life & Times Fashion Relationship Life & Style Music Society Business Business Money Market Capital Market Energy Labour Insurance Aviation Brands and Marketing Economy Maritime Agriculture Sport Hard Tackle Federation Watch Stars of Yesteryears Nigeria Players Abroad Sports Interviews Features Features Metro Crime Opinion Columnist Tech Health Food & Nutrition Wellbeing DTNOW E-paper Home Health World Leaders Recommit to Ending Neglected Tropical Diseases, Citing Remarkable Progress Since... Health World World Leaders Recommit to Ending Neglected Tropical Diseases, Citing Remarkable Progress Since 2012 By DTN - April 19, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter This week, leaders from governments, pharmaceutical companies and charitable organizations convened at a five-day summit in Geneva to pledge new commitments to the collective efforts to control and eliminate neglected tropical diseases (NTDs). The summit coincided with the launch of the World Health Organization’s (WHO) Fourth Report on NTDs, showing transformational progress against these debilitating diseases, and a commitment by the United Kingdom to more than double its funding for NTDs. The meeting comes five years after the launch of the London Declaration on NTDs, a commitment by the public and private sectors to achieve the WHO goals for control, elimination and eradication of 10 NTDs. In that time, billions of treatments have been donated by pharmaceutical companies and delivered to impoverished communities in nearly 150 countries, reaching nearly a billion people in 2015. NTDs are some of the oldest and most painful diseases, afflicting the world’s poorest communities. One in six people suffer from NTDs worldwide, including more than half a billion children. NTDs disable, debilitate and perpetuate cycles of poverty, keeping children out of school, parents out of work, and dampening hope of any chance of an economic future. New Report Shows Dramatic Progress A new report titled Integrating Neglected Tropical Diseases in Global Health and Development (http://APO.af/GaR2bN) by the WHO revealed that more people are being reached with needed NTD interventions than ever before. In 2015, nearly a billion people received treatments donated by pharmaceutical companies for at least one NTD, representing a 36 percent increase since 2011, the year before the launch of the London Declaration. As more districts, countries and regions eliminate NTDs, the number of people requiring treatments has decreased from 2 billion in 2010 to 1.6 billion in 2015. “WHO has observed record-breaking progress towards bringing ancient scourges like sleeping sickness and elephantiasis to their knees,” says WHO Director-General, Dr. Margaret Chan. “Over the past 10 years, millions of people have been rescued from disability and poverty, thanks to one of the most effective global partnerships in modern public health.” The report detailed progress against each disease, citing countries and regions that are reaching control and elimination goals for specific NTDs. Highlights include: Lymphatic filariasis (LF) racing toward finish line: In the last year, eight countries (Cambodia, Cook Islands, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Niue, Sri Lanka, Togo and Vanuatu) eliminated LF, and 10 other countries are waiting on surveillance results to verify elimination. Thanks to strong programs, the number of people globally requiring preventative treatment has dropped from 1.4 billion in 2011 to fewer than 950 million in 2015. Fewest-ever cases of human African trypanosomiasis (HAT, or sleeping sickness): In 2015, there were fewer reported cases of sleeping sickness than any other year in history, with fewer than 3,000 cases worldwide – an 89 percent reduction since 2000. Innovative vector control and diagnostic technologies, supported by increasing numbers of product development partnerships, are revolutionizing sleeping sickness diagnosis, prevention and treatment. Eighty-two percent decrease in visceral leishmaniasis (VL) cases in India, Nepal and Bangladesh: Since 2008, cases of VL across India, Nepal and Bangladesh have decreased by 82 percent due to improvements in vector control, social mobilization of village volunteers, collaboration with other NTD programs and drug donations from industry partners. Guinea worm disease nearing eradication: Cases of Guinea worm disease have reduced from an estimated 3.5 million in 1986 to just 25 human cases in 2016 in just three countries – Chad, Ethiopia and South Sudan. Global Donors Pledge Additional Support Governments and other donors announced new commitments at the summit to expand the reach and impact of NTD programs around the world. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation committed $335 million in grants over the next four years to support a diverse group of NTD programs focused on drug development and delivery, disease surveillance and vector control. The commitment includes $42 million to support The Carter Center’s guinea worm eradication initiative, as well as dedicated funding to accelerate the elimination of African sleeping sickness. “NTDs are some of the most painful, debilitating and stigmatizing diseases that affect the world’s poorest communities. That’s why we helped launch the London Declaration, a historic milestone that led to significant progress in treating and reducing the spread of NTDs and demonstrated the impact that the public sector, the private sector, communities and NGOs can have by working together,” said Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. “Thanks to this partnership, these neglected diseases are now getting the attention they deserve so fewer people have to suffer from these treatable conditions. There have been many successes in the past five years, but the job is not done yet. We have set ambitious targets for 2020 that require the continued commitment of pharmaceutical companies, donor and recipient governments, and frontline health workers to ensure drugs are available and delivered to the hardest to reach people.” The Belgian government also pledged an additional $27 million, spread equally over the next nine years, toward the elimination of sleeping sickness in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). This amount will be matched for the next three years by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, establishing a platform for increased collaboration between Belgium, the DRC and the broader NTD partnership. As part of its commitment to eliminating HAT, Vestergaard pledged to donate 20 percent of its insecticide-treated “tiny targets” used to control the tsetse flies that carry the disease, scaling over the next three years towards 100 percent as elimination nears. These commitments build on the UK Government’s announcement earlier this week, in which it pledged almost $450 million over 5 years to support NTD control and elimination efforts around the world. Industry Contributions Expand Scale and Reach of NTD Program Progress against NTDs has been enabled by the large-scale donation of medicines by 10 pharmaceutical companies. In the five years since the London Declaration, companies have donated over 7 billion treatments that, with the support of partners, now reach nearly 1 billion people every year. These donations, worth an estimated $19 billion from 2012 through 2020, greatly multiply the impact of donor investments; USAID estimates that each dollar invested in delivery leverages $26 worth of donated drugs. In a statement (http://APO.af/55buit) released today, industry leaders reaffirmed their 2012 pledge to do their part to beat these diseases, and encouraged other sectors to maintain their commitments as well. “The London Declaration is a powerful example of the impact of successful partnerships,” said Haruo Naito, CEO of Eisai and an original signatory of the London Declaration. “By leveraging our resources and focusing on a common goal, we are already making unprecedented progress towards eliminating these horrific diseases. The work we are doing today is a long-term investment into a healthier and more prosperous future.” In addition to donations, pharmaceutical companies are working together and with research institutes to discover and develop new tools to prevent, diagnose and treat NTDs. A report (http://APO.af/YkMskp) released today by the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations collected the full scope of industry investment in NTD R&D, including: Sanofi and the Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative (DNDi) are developing a new oral drug candidate for HAT, fexinidazole, which would replace the current mixed oral-intravenous drug regimen. Fexinidazole could represent a therapeutic breakthrough which will support sustainable elimination efforts as per the WHO roadmap for 2020. The drug is expected to be submitted for regulatory approval later in 2017. Several companies are working to develop pediatric formulations of existing NTD medicines, including Bayer (nifurtimox, for Chagas disease), Merck KGaA (praziquantel, for schistosomiasis), and Elea/Mundo Sano (who are working with DNDi to develop a second pediatric source of benznidazole, for Chagas disease), while Johnson & Johnson (mebendazole, for soil-transmitted helminths) developed a new chewable form of mebendazole, recently approved by the FDA, for children too young to swallow. AbbVie, Bayer, Eisai, Johnson & Johnson and Merck KGaA are part of the Macrofilaricide Drug Accelerator Program, an initiative aimed at identifying and generating new drug compounds that can kill the adult worms that cause onchocerciasis and lymphatic filariasis. Bayer is working with DNDi to develop emodepside, an oral treatment for lymphatic filariasis and river blindness Eisai is working with DNDi to develop ravuconazole, a new oral drug currently in clinical trials for Chagas disease, and is partnering with DNDi to develop ravuconazole in a new disease area, mycetoma. GlaxoSmithKline and DNDi have agreed to jointly pursue the pre-clinical development of the two novel candidates for the treatment of visceral leishmaniasis; the candidates were developed by a collaboration between GSK and the University of Dundee’s Drug Discovery Unit, and the work was funded by Wellcome. The agreement for pre-clinical development will be conditional on signing an additional agreement. In 2015, Eisai, Shionogi, Takeda, AstraZeneca and DNDi launched the NTD Drug Discovery Booster, a multi-company effort to accelerate the discovery of new drugs for leishmaniasis and Chagas disease. In 2016 they were joined by Celgene Global Health. Merck KGaA announced today that it will join the consortium. Many companies – including AbbVie, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Chemo, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Elea, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Merck KGaA, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Sanofi, Shionogi, and Takeda – have given DNDi and other non-profits access to their compound libraries and/or contribute scientific and technical expertise to DNDi and conduct pre-clinical and clinical studies to facilitate the development of new drugs to combat various NTDs. Gilead is collaborating with the US Department of Defense, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and National Institutes of Health as well as multiple academic institutions to discover and develop novel antivirals for highly pathogenic infections and neglected/emerging viral diseases, including dengue fever. GS-5734, Gilead’s most advanced investigational agent, is currently being studied in Ebola survivors. Companies are also working with partners to solve supply chain problems, develop program strategies and build in-country capacity to ensure that drugs, tools and other interventions reach those who need them most. Addressing the Challenges Ahead Though tremendous progress has been made in reducing the burden of NTDs, global control and elimination targets cannot be met without increased financial support, stronger political commitment and better tools to prevent, diagnose and treat the diseases. This week, partners from private philanthropy, affected country governments and cross-sector partnerships recommitted to leveraging their respective resources and expertise to fill critical gaps. Financial Resources Although nearly a billion people received NTD treatments in 2015, more funding is needed to ensure that NTD programs reach all people and communities affected by the diseases. WHO estimates that 340 million people in Sub-Saharan Africa could be covered by new investments of $150 million per year through the year 2020. In addition to government commitments, private philanthropy is helping to address these gaps by supporting drug delivery and surveillance programs, as well as research and development into new medicines, diagnostics and other health tools. The END Fund (www.END.org), founded shortly after the London Declaration, has raised over $75 million to target the five most common NTDs, helping to treat over 145 million people around the world. Political Commitment Strong leadership from affected countries is vital to sustaining progress against NTDs, particularly in the face of shifting economic climates and competing health priorities. Despite these challenges, some countries are increasing financing for NTD programs and integrating them into national health systems. Among other countries, Ethiopia has made significant strides in fighting trachoma by including progress against the disease as a target in its national health plan, providing significant domestic funding, participating in the Global Trachoma Mapping Project and training surgeons to conduct eye-lid surgeries to correct the effects of trachoma. “Ethiopia is fully committed to realizing ambitious, yet achievable, elimination targets for trachoma and other NTDs with proactive program coordination,” said H.E Professor Yifru Berhan Mitke, Ethiopian Minister of Health. “An increased direct program financial contribution by the government to NTDs, as high as 3 million USD by 2016, is a big step forward in alleviating the burden and stigma of these diseases.” New Tools and Innovations To meet control and elimination targets, more research and development is needed to provide NTD programs with improved tools to prevent, detect and treat the diseases. Promising new therapies are in the pipeline: A new three-drug regimen for LF known as triple therapy has the potential to dramatically accelerate the pace of elimination in affected countries, and is currently in large-scale safety trials in India. R&D organizations such as PATH and partnerships like DNDi and the Global Health Innovative Technology Fund have catalyzed the development of better and more cost-effective tools. These innovations, which include new drugs and rapid diagnostic tests for sleeping sickness and river blindness, are especially critical in the low-resource settings most burdened by NTDs. Several new vector control tools are under development and being piloted to address the growing problem of diseases transmitted by Aedes mosquitos. The Global Partners Meeting on Neglected Tropical Diseases (http://APO.af/oloCnt) will be hosted by the World Health Organization on 19 April 2017. From 20-22 April, Uniting to Combat NTDs and the global NTD community will host the NTD Summit (http://APO.af/mEY60y), which will feature technical discussions on the best strategies to reach the NTD control and elimination goals. Read Nigeria News stories and updates from all Nigeria Newspapers such as Punch, Vangaurd, Daily Times,Thisday Guardian and more. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Comments comments SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleGhana Govt deletes 50,000 ghost workers from payroll Next articleTurkey’s parliament extends state of emergency by 3 months DTN RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Health Stakeholders task govt on ownership of health sector Africa U.S. embassy warns Ethiopian students of visa fraud World Turkey’s parliament extends state of emergency by 3 months World Steve, “Facebook murderer” commits suicide World FREEDOM OF THE PRO BIAFRAN AGITATORS; Nnamdi Kanu, Benjamin Madubugwu, David Nwawusi And Chidiebere Onwudiwe; Victims Of Legalised Despotism World Britain’s May announces plan for general election on June 8 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Latest News Ghana Govt deletes 50,000 ghost workers from payroll April 19, 2017 Akeredolu hails release of kidnapped monarch April 19, 2017 NSCDC arrests 15 year-old wife of Boko Haram factional leader April 19, 2017 UNN to re-bury Achebe, four years after death – Prof Nwabueze April 19, 2017 Alleged certificate forgery: Why I refused to prosecute Buhari – Adoke April 19, 2017 Please forward all your opinion stories to opinion@dailytimes.ng Tags 2015 Election 2015 Elections Abuja All Progressives Congress All Progressives Congress (APC) Anambra APC Boko Haram Buhari CBN Court EFCC Election Elections Fayose FG football General Muhammadu Buhari Goodluck Jonathan Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) INEC Jega Jonathan Lagos Military Newspaper Nigeria NNPC nollywood NSE PDP Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Police politics President President Elect President Goodluck Jonathan Rivers state Senate South Africa Sports ticker UN US Wike Nigeria's oldest newspaper, providing breaking news on politics, sports, business, entertainment, arts and lifestyle. POPULAR POSTS Donald Trump to arrest Mugabe and 6 other African leaders within... January 23, 2017 Trump Orders Removal Of Islamic Symbols, Practices In The White House January 24, 2017 Graphic photos from the University of Maiduguri mosque bomb blast January 16, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY News12970 Headlines5411 Sport3688 Business2485 Politics2478 Entertainment2103 Celebrities1277 Opinion1001 World854 About DailyTimes Advertise With Us Terms of use Privacy Policy Contact © 1926 - 2016 Daily Times of Nigeria Pin It on Pinterest Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn StumbleUpon %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Military News Should You Make a Bet on the Healthcare Stocks? Shutterstock photo (0: 25 ) – A Wide Focused Outlook On The Healthcare Market (3: 45 ) – Hidden Gems In the Healthcare Sector (6: 40 ) – Immunotherapy, Robotic Surgery and Investment Ideas (14: 00 ) – Where To Invest In The Healthcare Market (19: 10 ) – Neurocrine Biosciences: NBIX (22: 50 ) – How Do Stocks Get Picked For The Healthcare Innovators Service? (26: 50 ) – Episode Round Up: Podcast@Zacks.com Welcome to Episode #78 of the Zacks Market Edge Podcast. Every week, host and Zacks stock strategist, Tracey Ryniec, will be joined by guests to discuss the hottest investing topics in stocks, bonds and ETFs and how it impacts your life. In this episode, Tracey is joined by Kevin Cook, Zacks Senior Strategist and the editor of the newly launched newsletter service the Healthcare Innovators . Healthcare stocks have gotten a bad rap over the last few years as the biotech rally faltered and on worries about drug pricing and the repeal of Obamacare. But healthcare covers many industries. Zacks includes 800 stocks in its medical sector including those involved in devices, eye care, dentistry, staffing, rehabilitation, information systems and nursing homes. While there have been disruptive technologies in tech, social media and even in retail, few are paying any attention to the possibilities in healthcare. That means there is an opening for investors. Uncovering the Hidden Gems in Healthcare Some companies get a lot of publicity for their medical breakthroughs, and rightly so. But there are a group of smaller companies that are creating devices and therapies that are enhancing patient lives that you might never have even heard of. Tracey recently stumbled across two of those: 1.       While doing a Hidden Gem video, she ran across BioTelemetry (BEAT) which makes wireless cardiac monitoring devices. It’s expected to see double digit earnings growth in 2017 and 2018. 2.       She came across Insulet (PODD), the maker of insulin management systems, after insiders bought shares. Tracey held it in her Insider Trader portfolio for several months. It’s not yet profitable, but it’s also expected to see double digit earnings growth the next 2 years. Immuno-oncology Could Be Huge An area that Kevin is watching closely, as is the rest of the world, is immune-oncology. This is a technique of using the body’s own immune system to fight cancer. Several companies are involved in this hot area including Incyte (INCY), Merck and Bristol-Myers Squibb. There are several Phase III trials ongoing which is the critical juncture for these treatments. (Fingers crossed.) What Other Companies Are Pushing the Envelope? 1.       Intuitive Surgical (ISRG) is looking to break out to new highs again. It makes robotic surgical systems. The stock isn’t cheap. It trades with a forward P/E of 38 but you’re buying it for the growth story. 2.       Edwards Lifesciences (EW) is a leading manufacturer of heart valves. Shares are trading at 28x but earnings are expected to grow in the double digits in 2017 and 2018. 3.       Neurocrine Biosciences (NBIX) researches drugs for neurological and endocrine disorders. It’s been in the news lately because the FDA approved its first drug for movement disorder tardive dyskinesia, or TD. There are a lot of opportunities in the healthcare stocks. How do you narrow down the choices? Kevin discusses his methods for picking stocks, starting with the Zacks Rank, and how he will pick the 20 or so companies that will make up his Healthcare Innovators portfolio. What other exciting breakthroughs could be on the way in healthcare and how can you invest in it? Find out the answer to this and more on this week’s podcast. Interested in Healthcare Innovators? Zacks new service, Healthcare Innovators, is launching this week. Kevin Cook will be exploring the entire world of healthcare in this long-term portfolio. Click here to see more.>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (ISRG): Free Stock Analysis Report Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW): Free Stock Analysis Report Insulet Corporation (PODD): Free Stock Analysis Report Incyte Corporation (INCY): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commit To Purchase Continental Resources At $30, Earn 7% Using Options Next PostNext Big trades show up on Robert Half Search Recent Posts Secretary of the Defence Department Lobuti Jewellery Debuts New Collection for Mother’s Day Simple Internet Communications Provides an Array of Search Marketing Services Conduit-fittings.com Launches Wholesale Purchase of Conduit Fittings FlipHTML5 Launches the Advanced Flip Book Maker for Digital Publishing Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News US Healthcare Advertising Market Share, Size, Growth, Forecast and Industry Report 2017-2021 Arlington, VA — (SBWIRE) — 04/18/2017 — According to IMARC Group’s new report, titled „US Healthcare Advertising: Industry Trends, Share, Size, Growth, Opportunity and Forecast 2017-2021”, the US healthcare advertising market reached a value of US$ 407 Billion in 2016, growing at a CAGR of 4% during 2009-2016. With the rising number of new drugs launched in the market, the need to advertise these drugs and widen the consumer reach has also increased. Healthcare advertising is becoming progressively important in the US so as to create awareness about various diseases along with the drugs and procedures required for their treatments. Owing to its growing need and increased government support, the US healthcare advertising market is expected to reach a value of US$ 447 Billion by 2021, growing at a CAGR of 1.5% during 2017-2021. Highlights of the US healthcare advertising market: Biopharmaceutical advertising sector represents the fastest growing segment. Detailed advertising is the preferred channel of healthcare advertising. Major pharmaceutical companies have started investing in DTC advertising, owing to increased competition in market. Request free sample copy of research report: http://www.imarcgroup.com/request?type=report&id=723&flag=B The US healthcare industry is digitally transforming with the introduction of electronic health records, telemedicine and remote medical monitoring system. Also, consumers and healthcare providers spend most of their time online on social networking sites. Therefore, digital advertising is steadily becoming an integral part of the US healthcare advertising market. Moreover, increasing presence of generic drugs has forced pharmaceutical companies to embrace new business strategies and advertise their products. The US healthcare advertising market is further boosted by government’s support to direct-to-consumer (DTC) advertising and increasing consumer reach through various digital platforms. Biopharmaceutical advertising market is the fastest growing segment, followed by over-the-counter drugs, vaccines and pharmaceuticals (small molecule drugs). Also, due to rising consumer demand for helpful and educational content in the form of blogs, social media, video and e-mails, the use of DTC channel is growing rapidly, but detailed advertising is still preferred over DTC advertising. Some of the major pharmaceutical companies investing in this sector include Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck & Co, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis and Ely Lilly. Browse full report: http://www.imarcgroup.com/us-healthcare-advertising-market The report by IMARC Group has examined the US Healthcare Advertising Market on the basis of: Product: Pharmaceuticals (Small molecule drugs) Biopharmaceuticals Vaccines Over-the-counter drugs Key Players: Johnson & Johnson Pfizer Merck & Co. GlaxoSmithKline Eli Lilly Novartis Sanofi AstraZeneca Roche Bayer HealthCare Bristol- Myers Squibb Find more related reports: Indian Advertising Market Report & Forecast 2016-2020 http://www.imarcgroup.com/advertising-industry-india Global Advertising Market: Industry Trends, Share, Size, Growth, Opportunity and Forecast 2017-2021 http://www.imarcgroup.com/global-advertising-market About IMARC Group IMARC Group is a leading market research company that offers management strategy and market research worldwide. We partner with clients in all sectors and regions to identify their highest-value opportunities, address their most critical challenges, and transform their businesses. IMARC’s information products include major market, scientific, economic and technological developments for business leaders in pharmaceutical, industrial, and high technology organizations. Market forecasts and industry analysis for biotechnology, advanced materials, pharmaceuticals, food and beverage, travel and tourism, nanotechnology and novel processing methods are at the top of the company’s expertise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hydrogen Storage Market Rugged Expansion Foreseen by 2025 Next PostNext Dynamic Mechanical Analyzer Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Wolters Kluwer CCH iQ shortlisted as finalist for Innovator of the Year Category at Accountants Daily’s Australian Accounting Awards 2017 PACIFIC Digital Group Hires Vice President of Finance Gamehost Announces Regular Monthly Dividend for April Oracle Buys Moat International Medical Gauze Balls Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Immunovaccine Announces Dosing of First Patient in Investigator-Sponsored Phase 1b/2 Clinical Trial Evaluating Immuno-Oncology Candidate Targeting Incurable HPV-Related Cancers /EINPresswire.com/ — HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA–(Marketwired – Apr 18, 2017) – Immunovaccine Inc. („Immunovaccine” or the „Company”) (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage vaccine and immunotherapy company, today announced that the first study participant has been treated in a Phase 1b/2 clinical study evaluating Immunovaccine’s investigational cancer vaccine, DPX-E7, in combination with low-dose cyclophosphamide in patients with incurable oropharyngeal, cervical and anal cancers related to the human papillomavirus (HPV). Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (Dana-Farber) is leading the DPX-E7 study through a $1.5 million research grant from Stand Up To Cancer and the Farrah Fawcett Foundation to clinically evaluate collaborative translational research that addresses critical problems in HPV-related cancers. „Because DPX-E7 is formulated with the same DepoVax™ platform technology as our DPX-Survivac candidate, this trial further demonstrates the broad applicability of DepoVax™ to deliver cancer antigens appropriately,” said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine’s Chief Executive Officer. „It is also an important step forward in developing therapies for the high-risk HPV infections that have been linked to cancers associated with poor patient outcomes. We are pleased to be working with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in this endeavor, and we look forward to continuing to fully leverage our platform’s potential to address high unmet medical needs, delivering more options to patients and creating more opportunities to generate value for our shareholders.” The Dana-Farber study is a single center, open label, non-randomized clinical trial that will investigate the safety and clinical efficacy of DPX-E7 in combination with low-dose metronomic oral cyclophosphamide in a total of 44 treated participants. Its primary objectives are to evaluate changes in CD8+ T cells in peripheral blood and tumor tissue, and to evaluate the safety of DPX-E7 vaccination in HLA-A2 positive patients with incurable HPV-related head and neck, cervical or anal cancers. DPX-E7 targets an HPV viral protein known as E7. Immunovaccine has the option to produce the DPX-E7 vaccine if it proves successful in the clinic. „We are excited to offer this new therapy for our patients with HPV-related head and neck, anal and cervical cancers that have recurred after standard therapy,” said Robert Haddad M.D., disease center leader, head and neck oncology program at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. This trial marks another milestone in the expansion of Immunovaccine’s growing pipeline of immuno-oncology candidates. Currently, Immunovaccine has multiple early-stage trials evaluating DepoVax™-based clinical candidates in ovarian cancer. The Company most recently announced that Princess Margaret Cancer Centre had received Health Canada clearance to begin an investigator-sponsored Phase 2 ovarian cancer study evaluating Immunovaccine’s DPX-Survivac with Merck’s pembrolizumab. Individuals interested in enrolling in the Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating DPX-E7 can find more information via clinicaltrials.gov. About HPV-related Cancers Approximately 30 to 40 types of human papillomaviruses (HPV) are transmitted through sexual contact and infect the anogenital region and oropharynx. About 15 of these are designated „high-risk” (i.e., oncogenic); more than five percent of all new cancers are attributed to high-risk HPV infections.(i) HPV is the cause of virtually all cases of cervical cancer, the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women worldwide, and has been linked to anal, vulva, vaginal, penile and oropharyngeal cancers.(ii),(iii),(iv) About DepoVax™ DepoVax™ is a patented formulation that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens plus adjuvant to the immune system, resulting in a strong, specific and sustained immune response with the potential for single-dose effectiveness. The DepoVax™ platform is flexible and can be used with a broad range of target antigens for preventative or therapeutic applications. The technology is designed to be commercially scalable, with the potential for years of shelf life stability. Fully synthetic, off-the-shelf DepoVax™-based vaccines are also relatively easy to manufacture, store, and administer. These characteristics enable Immunovaccine to pursue vaccine candidates in cancer, infectious diseases and other vaccine applications. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company’s patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. (i) Parkin DM: The global health burden of infection-associated cancers in the year 2002. Int J Cancer 118:3030-44, 2006 (ii) Walboomers JM, Jacobs MV, Manos MM, et al: Human papillomavirus is a necessary cause of invasive cervical cancer worldwide. J Pathol 189:12-9, 1999 (iii) Alani RM, Munger K: Human papillomaviruses and associated malignancies. J Clin Oncol 16:330-7, 1998 (iv) Siegel R, Naishadham D, Jemal A: Cancer statistics, 2013. CA Cancer J Clin 63:11-30, 2013 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious E-sports Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Next PostNext Automotive Reversing Radar Global Market Outlook,Research,Trends and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Protective Packaging Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Kenadyr Finalizes Drill Contract with Quest Exploration Drilling (QED) Platinum Group Metals Announces US$20 Million Bought Deal Financing Sirios appoints Jacquelin Gauthier as Chief Technical Advisor Capricorn Business Acquisitions Inc. Issues Stock Options Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Antidepressants Market Research Report : Forecast 2024 Antidepressants are drugs used for the treatment of depressive disorders including dysthymia, obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety, chronic pain, eating disorders, and neuropathic pain. Depression is a medical disorder which is related to the brain. Symptoms of depression include feeling sad and tired, lacking energy, and having difficulty enjoying routine daily activities. According to CDC, depression affects about 1 in every 5 individuals in the U.S. According to WHO (World Health Organization), at present an estimated 350 million people worldwide are affected by depression. Depression affects 10% to 15% men and about 10% to 25% of women. Get Sample Copy of this Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The antidepressants market has been segmented based on the drug classes commonly used for the treatment of various types of depressive disorders. There are different types of antidepressant drugs available in the market such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRI), noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants (TCA), reversible inhibitors of monoamine oxidase A (RIMA), tetracyclic antidepressants, etc. The different types of antidepressants are used in the treatment of depressive disorders. The different classes of antidepressants are as effective as each other, but some patients respond better to one antidepressant compared to another antidepressant. Side effects can also be different between these groups of antidepressants. Different types of depression disorders include dysthymic disorder, postpartum depression, psychotic depression, major or clinical depressive disorder, and seasonal affective disorder. Factors driving the antidepressants market are declining side effects and rising efficacy of drugs in various classes as well as growing geriatric population where rate of mental illness is higher. However, the overall antidepressants market growth would decrease due to patent expiry of key antidepressants, fragile pipeline of new drugs, increasing number of generic drug alternatives, and growing prevalence of treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders. Region wise, the global fermented ingredients market is segmented into five regions; North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is the most dominant market for antidepressants due to the presence of a large patient population suffering from various types of anxiety disorders and depression. However, the antidepressants market in the U.S. is currently saturated, as several antidepressant drugs are available on prescription for the same indication. Hence, the future growth of the market would depend on introduction of efficacious drugs for new indications. Moreover, loss of patent exclusivity, market maturity, generic infiltration, and shortened drug lifecycles are the additional factors that contribute to the decline in market growth in the region. Asia Pacific is expected to witness appreciable growth due to multiple factors such as high prevalence of psychiatric disorders and rapid economic growth in countries such as China, Japan, and Australia. Additionally, positive marketing approval for innovative medicines is likely to drive the market in the near future. View Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/antidepressants-market… Currently, the market is highly fragmented and competitive in nature due to the involvement of both large and small pharmaceutical companies. AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Forest Laboratories, GlaxoSmithKline plc, H. Lundbeck A/S, Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc. and Sanofi S.A. are major companies operating in the antidepressants market. Majority of the market players are focusing on expanding distribution network as well as expanding geographical presence, as Asia Pacific, the Middle East& Africa, and Latin America are developing regions with an increasing prevalence of various types of depressive disorders and improving economic conditions. Differences in clinical efficacy between drugs are generally small because most modern antidepressants work through a common biological mechanism. As a result, drug makers use direct-to-consumer advertising and tweak side effect profiles in order to differentiate their products. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sepsis Therapeutics Market Research Report : Analysis & Trends 2024 Next PostNext Pertussis Vaccine Industry 2024 Market Research Report Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu ⌄ Abbonati alla rivista Abbonati alla rivista Archivio arretrati Chi siamo Contatti Shop Aboutpharma Shop Jobinpharma Shop LAVORA CON NOI Login Registrati Video Foto HPS – Health Publishing and Services Informazioni e servizi per i professionisti dell'healthcare Aboutpharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in Pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Digital Awards   In&Out - Epatite C - Brexit - Governance - Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research 18 aprile 2017 Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research PR Newswire PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, April 18, 2017 According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, “miRNA Tools and Services Market: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014–2022″, the global miRNA tools and services market was valued at $146 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $620 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 23.4% from 2016 to 2022. Research tools segment held nearly four-fifths share of the total market in 2015.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Do Enquiry for Sample Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-free-sample/2103 MicroRNAs(miRNAs) are a class of non-coding RNAs that play a major role in regulating gene expressions. These molecules work at the post-transcription level and modify the expression of around 30% of all mammalian protein-encoding genes. Use of bioinformatics and technologically advanced systems (such as NGS) and rise in incidence of chronic disorders drive the market growth. In addition, the ability of miRNAs to act as diagnostic biomarkers and predictors of drug response are anticipated to drive the demand for miRNA. However, the challenges related to the quantification and the development of in-house miRNA research tools such as microarrays restrict the market growth. The qRT-PCR technology segment is expected to maintain its dominant position throughout the analysis period due to the increase in incidence of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disorders. The rise in demand for the identification of miRNA in different organisms and their associated role as a diagnostic biomarker for the disease also boost the market growth. Get Customize Report on miRNA Tools & Services Market: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-for-customization/2103 Research and academic institutes segment dominated the market with more than two-fifths of the total market in 2015. This is primarily attributed to the increase in research projects undertaken to test the ability of miRNA as candidates of disease biomarkers. Key findings of the miRNA Tools & Services Market Study:  Research tools led the global miRNA tools and services market, and accounted for nearly four-fifths of the total market in 2015. Functional studies services segment is projected to grow at highest CAGR of 31.2% during the forecast period. CROs is the fastest growing segment and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.4% during the forecast period. qRT-PCR technology segment occupied nearly one-third of the market in 2015. In 2015 Japan was the major shareholder and accounted for almost one-third of the Asia-Pacific market. North America led the overall market in 2015 and is expected to maintain its dominance throughout the forecast period. This is attributed to the increased funding for miRNA research and increase in incidence of chronic disorders such as cancer. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing region throughout the analysis period owing to increase in investment by pharma and biotech companies in the emerging markets (such as India and China). Do Enquiry before purchasing Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/2103 The major companies profiled in the report include QIAGEN (Exiqon), Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, GE Healthcare Dharmacon Inc., GeneCopoeia, Inc., Promega Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and New England Biolabs. About Us:   Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of “Market Research Reports” and “Business Intelligence Solutions”. AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Toll Free : +1-800-792-5285 UK : + 44-845-528-1300 Hong Kong : + 852-301-84916 India (Pune) : +91-20-66346060 Fax : +1⟨855⟩550-5975 help@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com Blog: https://blog.alliedmarketresearch.com SHARE: Tweet Ti potrebbe interessare anche... Global ENT and Bronchoscopy Devices Market Expected to Reach $24,999 Million by 2022 – Allied Market Research Global Bioinformatics Market 2015-2019 – Rapid Developments in Molecular Diagnostics Atrial Fibrillation Market is Expected to Reach $8,319 Million by 2022, Globally – Allied Market Research Cancer Biomarkers Market to Reach $15,737 Million, Globally, by 2022 – Allied Market Research Nel mensile di aprile Agrofarmaci, la contraffazione “ruba” all’Europa 3 miliardi all’anno La ricerca sul Snc è ad alto rischio di fallire il bersaglio Troppe radiazioni dai medical device, l’Europa corre ai ripari Il miglior posto di lavoro? C’è il certificato ma non la classifica Come ti cerco la startup: le mosse di open innovation delle aziende pharma e medtech L’Aifa fissa i criteri per definire i farmaci innovativi Horizon 2020, il programma Tecnologie future ed emergenti è una chance per il pharma In Primo Piano Rassegna Stampa Idee e opinioni Equivalenti: percezione, cultura e spesa sanitaria regionale. Considerazioni dopo lo statement Gimbe (Massimo Versace - General Manager Aurobindo Pharma Italia) Il valore del “less is more” nella razionalizzazione dei trattamenti terapeutici (Mario Melazzini e Luca Pani, presidente e dg Aifa) Sedazione palliativa, ecco dove sbaglia il Comitato Nazionale di Bioetica (Mario Riccio - Consulta di Bioetica, Milano) Follow Us Abouthparma Cerca un Farmaco su Pharmawizard Cerca World News Norgine and European Liver Patients Association (ELPA) Continuing... Pipeline Stages for Celiac Disease Market Review for H1 2017 by... Two Day Raw Material Requirements (Health Canada/USP/EP) in a cGMP... Foto Vincitori AboutPharma Digital Awards 2016 Dispositivi Medici e Supply Chain Milano 26 novembre… “Dispositivi Medici 2015 “- Evento Video EDEMA MACULARE DIABETICO – ESASO – 16 MARZO 2017 AboutFuture: Leader’s Talk 2017 3 a 0 contro le infezioni Most Popular Times contro Big Pharma, scoppia il caso Aspen Menarini acquista la distribuzione di Acqua di Sirmione Groupama AM finanzia per 16 milioni la contoterzista italiana Special Product’s Line HPS – Health Publishing and Services AboutPharma Publishing Education & Events HTA Job in pharma Book Pharma Biosimilari Fightingpain Contatti Chi siamo Privacy policy Video Foto Rassegna Stampa World news HPS Srl P.IVA 07106000966 Il presente sito utilizza i "cookie" per facilitare la navigazione.Accetta e continua Informativa sulla Privacy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "miRNA Tools and Services Market: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022", the global miRNA tools and services market was valued at $146 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $620 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 23.4% from 2016 to 2022. Research tools segment held nearly four-fifths share of the total market in 2015.      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Do Enquiry for Sample Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-free-sample/2103 MicroRNAs(miRNAs) are a class of non-coding RNAs that play a major role in regulating gene expressions. These molecules work at the post-transcription level and modify the expression of around 30% of all mammalian protein-encoding genes. Use of bioinformatics and technologically advanced systems (such as NGS) and rise in incidence of chronic disorders drive the market growth. In addition, the ability of miRNAs to act as diagnostic biomarkers and predictors of drug response are anticipated to drive the demand for miRNA. However, the challenges related to the quantification and the development of in-house miRNA research tools such as microarrays restrict the market growth. The qRT-PCR technology segment is expected to maintain its dominant position throughout the analysis period due to the increase in incidence of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disorders. The rise in demand for the identification of miRNA in different organisms and their associated role as a diagnostic biomarker for the disease also boost the market growth. Get Customize Report on miRNA Tools & Services Market: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-for-customization/2103 Research and academic institutes segment dominated the market with more than two-fifths of the total market in 2015. This is primarily attributed to the increase in research projects undertaken to test the ability of miRNA as candidates of disease biomarkers. Key findings of the miRNA Tools & Services Market Study:  Research tools led the global miRNA tools and services market, and accounted for nearly four-fifths of the total market in 2015. Functional studies services segment is projected to grow at highest CAGR of 31.2% during the forecast period. CROs is the fastest growing segment and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.4% during the forecast period. qRT-PCR technology segment occupied nearly one-third of the market in 2015. In 2015 Japan was the major shareholder and accounted for almost one-third of the Asia-Pacific market. North America led the overall market in 2015 and is expected to maintain its dominance throughout the forecast period. This is attributed to the increased funding for miRNA research and increase in incidence of chronic disorders such as cancer. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing region throughout the analysis period owing to increase in investment by pharma and biotech companies in the emerging markets (such as India and China). Do Enquiry before purchasing Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/2103 The major companies profiled in the report include QIAGEN (Exiqon), Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, GE Healthcare Dharmacon Inc., GeneCopoeia, Inc., Promega Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and New England Biolabs. About Us:   Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Toll Free : +1-800-792-5285 UK : + 44-845-528-1300 Hong Kong : + 852-301-84916 India (Pune) : +91-20-66346060 Fax : +1⟨855⟩550-5975 help@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com Blog: https://blog.alliedmarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBiotechnology, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ad-hoc Release Next PostNext Ethyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (ETBE) Market Growth by 2021 Global Market Analysis, Size, Share, Trends, Key Vendors, Drivers and Forecast Search Recent Posts Wolters Kluwer CCH iQ shortlisted as finalist for Innovator of the Year Category at Accountants Daily’s Australian Accounting Awards 2017 Diseases and sexual violence threaten Somalis, South Sudanese escaping famine – UN How one teacher went from ‘never be paperless’ to embracing the power of digital tools PACIFIC Digital Group Hires Vice President of Finance Gamehost Announces Regular Monthly Dividend for April Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, „miRNA Tools and Services Market: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014–2022″, the global miRNA tools and services market was valued at $146 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $620 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 23.4% from 2016 to 2022. Research tools segment held nearly four-fifths share of the total market in 2015. Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Do Enquiry for Sample Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-free-sample/2103 MicroRNAs(miRNAs) are a class of non-coding RNAs that play a major role in regulating gene expressions. These molecules work at the post-transcription level and modify the expression of around 30% of all mammalian protein-encoding genes. Use of bioinformatics and technologically advanced systems (such as NGS) and rise in incidence of chronic disorders drive the market growth. In addition, the ability of miRNAs to act as diagnostic biomarkers and predictors of drug response are anticipated to drive the demand for miRNA. However, the challenges related to the quantification and the development of in-house miRNA research tools such as microarrays restrict the market growth. The qRT-PCR technology segment is expected to maintain its dominant position throughout the analysis period due to the increase in incidence of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disorders. The rise in demand for the identification of miRNA in different organisms and their associated role as a diagnostic biomarker for the disease also boost the market growth. Get Customize Report on miRNA Tools & Services Market: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-for-customization/2103 Research and academic institutes segment dominated the market with more than two-fifths of the total market in 2015. This is primarily attributed to the increase in research projects undertaken to test the ability of miRNA as candidates of disease biomarkers. Key findings of the miRNA Tools & Services Market Study:  Research tools led the global miRNA tools and services market, and accounted for nearly four-fifths of the total market in 2015. Functional studies services segment is projected to grow at highest CAGR of 31.2% during the forecast period. CROs is the fastest growing segment and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.4% during the forecast period. qRT-PCR technology segment occupied nearly one-third of the market in 2015. In 2015 Japan was the major shareholder and accounted for almost one-third of the Asia-Pacific market. North America led the overall market in 2015 and is expected to maintain its dominance throughout the forecast period. This is attributed to the increased funding for miRNA research and increase in incidence of chronic disorders such as cancer. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing region throughout the analysis period owing to increase in investment by pharma and biotech companies in the emerging markets (such as India and China). Do Enquiry before purchasing Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/2103 The major companies profiled in the report include QIAGEN (Exiqon), Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, GE Healthcare Dharmacon Inc., GeneCopoeia, Inc., Promega Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and New England Biolabs. About Us:   Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of „Market Research Reports” and „Business Intelligence Solutions”. AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Toll Free : +1-800-792-5285 UK : + 44-845-528-1300 Hong Kong : + 852-301-84916 India (Pune) : +91-20-66346060 Fax : +1⟨855⟩550-5975 help@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com Blog: https://blog.alliedmarketresearch.com SOURCE Allied Market Research (Duplicate) CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research and Markets – Global Industrial Iot Gateway Market 2017-2021 with AAEON, ADLINK, Advantech, Dell & Hewlett Packard Enterprise Dominating Next PostNext International Bulletproof Glass Market Growth with 9.48% CAGR by 2020 – Growth, Forecast, Analysis by Vendors, Regions, Type, Trends, Challenges, Drivers Search Recent Posts ADTRAN, Inc. Reports Record Results for the First Quarter 2017 and Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend A PILOT’S LIFE: FROM A CHILDHOOD DREAM TO AN INCREASINGLY REWARDING REALITY Free 30 Day Trial SEO campaign Herbal Tea – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Cellular Communication Routers Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research (Duplicate) Apr 18, 2017, 10:45 ET Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "miRNA Tools and Services Market: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022", the global miRNA tools and services market was valued at $146 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $620 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 23.4% from 2016 to 2022. Research tools segment held nearly four-fifths share of the total market in 2015. Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Do Enquiry for Sample Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-free-sample/2103 MicroRNAs(miRNAs) are a class of non-coding RNAs that play a major role in regulating gene expressions. These molecules work at the post-transcription level and modify the expression of around 30% of all mammalian protein-encoding genes. Use of bioinformatics and technologically advanced systems (such as NGS) and rise in incidence of chronic disorders drive the market growth. In addition, the ability of miRNAs to act as diagnostic biomarkers and predictors of drug response are anticipated to drive the demand for miRNA. However, the challenges related to the quantification and the development of in-house miRNA research tools such as microarrays restrict the market growth. The qRT-PCR technology segment is expected to maintain its dominant position throughout the analysis period due to the increase in incidence of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disorders. The rise in demand for the identification of miRNA in different organisms and their associated role as a diagnostic biomarker for the disease also boost the market growth. Get Customize Report on miRNA Tools & Services Market: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-for-customization/2103 Research and academic institutes segment dominated the market with more than two-fifths of the total market in 2015. This is primarily attributed to the increase in research projects undertaken to test the ability of miRNA as candidates of disease biomarkers. Key findings of the miRNA Tools & Services Market Study:  Research tools led the global miRNA tools and services market, and accounted for nearly four-fifths of the total market in 2015. Functional studies services segment is projected to grow at highest CAGR of 31.2% during the forecast period. CROs is the fastest growing segment and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.4% during the forecast period. qRT-PCR technology segment occupied nearly one-third of the market in 2015. In 2015 Japan was the major shareholder and accounted for almost one-third of the Asia-Pacific market. North America led the overall market in 2015 and is expected to maintain its dominance throughout the forecast period. This is attributed to the increased funding for miRNA research and increase in incidence of chronic disorders such as cancer. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing region throughout the analysis period owing to increase in investment by pharma and biotech companies in the emerging markets (such as India and China). Do Enquiry before purchasing Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/2103 The major companies profiled in the report include QIAGEN (Exiqon), Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, GE Healthcare Dharmacon Inc., GeneCopoeia, Inc., Promega Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and New England Biolabs. About Us:   Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Toll Free : +1-800-792-5285 UK : + 44-845-528-1300 Hong Kong : + 852-301-84916 India (Pune) : +91-20-66346060 Fax : +1⟨855⟩550-5975 help@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com Blog: https://blog.alliedmarketresearch.com SOURCE Allied Market Research (Duplicate) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research (Duplicate) Apr 18, 2017, 10:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research (Duplicate) 18 Apr, 2017, 15:45 BST Share this article PORTLAND, Oregon and PUNE, India, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new report published by Allied Market Research, titled, "miRNA Tools and Services Market: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022", the global miRNA tools and services market was valued at $146 million in 2015, and is projected to reach $620 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 23.4% from 2016 to 2022. Research tools segment held nearly four-fifths share of the total market in 2015. Allied Market Research Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/647229 ) Do Enquiry for Sample Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-free-sample/2103 MicroRNAs(miRNAs) are a class of non-coding RNAs that play a major role in regulating gene expressions. These molecules work at the post-transcription level and modify the expression of around 30% of all mammalian protein-encoding genes. Use of bioinformatics and technologically advanced systems (such as NGS) and rise in incidence of chronic disorders drive the market growth. In addition, the ability of miRNAs to act as diagnostic biomarkers and predictors of drug response are anticipated to drive the demand for miRNA. However, the challenges related to the quantification and the development of in-house miRNA research tools such as microarrays restrict the market growth. The qRT-PCR technology segment is expected to maintain its dominant position throughout the analysis period due to the increase in incidence of chronic diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disorders. The rise in demand for the identification of miRNA in different organisms and their associated role as a diagnostic biomarker for the disease also boost the market growth. Get Customize Report on miRNA Tools & Services Market: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-for-customization/2103 Research and academic institutes segment dominated the market with more than two-fifths of the total market in 2015. This is primarily attributed to the increase in research projects undertaken to test the ability of miRNA as candidates of disease biomarkers. Key findings of the miRNA Tools & Services Market Study:  Research tools led the global miRNA tools and services market, and accounted for nearly four-fifths of the total market in 2015. Functional studies services segment is projected to grow at highest CAGR of 31.2% during the forecast period. CROs is the fastest growing segment and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 27.4% during the forecast period. qRT-PCR technology segment occupied nearly one-third of the market in 2015. In 2015 Japan was the major shareholder and accounted for almost one-third of the Asia-Pacific market. North America led the overall market in 2015 and is expected to maintain its dominance throughout the forecast period. This is attributed to the increased funding for miRNA research and increase in incidence of chronic disorders such as cancer. However, Asia-Pacific is projected to be the fastest growing region throughout the analysis period owing to increase in investment by pharma and biotech companies in the emerging markets (such as India and China). Do Enquiry before purchasing Report @ https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/2103 The major companies profiled in the report include QIAGEN (Exiqon), Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Illumina, Inc., Agilent Technologies, GE Healthcare Dharmacon Inc., GeneCopoeia, Inc., Promega Corporation, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., and New England Biolabs. About Us:   Allied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland, Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "Market Research Reports" and "Business Intelligence Solutions". AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain. We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry. Contact: Rahul Thakur 5933 NE Win Sivers Drive #205, Portland, OR 97220 United States Toll Free : +1-800-792-5285 UK : + 44-845-528-1300 Hong Kong : + 852-301-84916 India (Pune) : +91-20-66346060 Fax : +1⟨855⟩550-5975 help@alliedmarketresearch.com Website: https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com Blog: https://blog.alliedmarketresearch.com SOURCE Allied Market Research (Duplicate) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Global miRNA Tools and Services Market Expected to Reach $620 Million by 2022-Allied Market Research News provided by Allied Market Research (Duplicate) 18 Apr, 2017, 15:45 BST Share this article Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global Infectious Diseases Therapeutics Market Set to Witness an Uptick by 2020 Globally, major burden on public health is posed by infectious diseases such as HIV, malaria, tuberculosis, hepatitis A, hepatitis C, hepatitis C and influenza. Infectious diseases are the major cause of death in the world. According to World Health Organization (WHO), globally 16% of deaths are resulted due to infectious diseases. Various pathogen microorganisms, such as parasites, virus, bacteria and fungi, cause infectious diseases. Poor sanitation and inadequate personal hygiene causes various infectious diseases. These diseases are transmitted through direct or indirect contact. Anti-infective drugs are used to prevent or destroy the growth of pathogens. Antibacterial, antiviral, antifungal and antiparacitic drugs are some of the anti- infective drugs used for the treatment of infectious diseases. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3380 North America dominates the global market for infectious diseases therapeutics due to increasing incidence of infectious diseases and rise in aging population. Asia followed by the Europe are expected to show high growth rates in the next five years in the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. China and India are expected to be the fastest growing infectious diseases therapeutics markets in Asia-Pacific region. Some of the key driving forces for infectious diseases therapeutics market in emerging countries are large pool of patients and rising government funding. In recent times there is increased use of infectious diseases therapeutics due to increasing incidence of infectious diseases. Increase use of direct acting anti-viral, increase in geriatric population and increasing healthcare expenditure are some of the key factors driving the growth for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. In addition, increasing healthcare awareness is also fuelling the growth of the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. However, generic erosion is the major factors restraining the growth for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. Patent expiration of infectious disease drugs could lead a challenge for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market. Some of the trends for the global infectious diseases therapeutics market are emergence of interferon free regimes and increasing awareness programs. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/3380 Some of the major companies operating in the global infectious diseases therapeutics market are Merck & Co., Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceutical, Inc., Auritec Pharmaceuticals, Novartis, Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Isis Pharmaceuticals and Gilead Sciences. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Secretary’s Remarks: On the Occasion of the Republic of Zimbabwe’s National Day Next PostNext Global Anti-Obesity Prescription Market Foreseen to Grow exponentially by 2020 Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Research and Markets - Global Antiviral Drugs Market to Grow at a CAGR of 9.48%, 2017-2021 with Bristol-Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Gilead Sciences & GlaxoSmithKline Leading the Market News provided by Research and Markets Apr 18, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Antiviral Drugs Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global antiviral drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 9.48% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Global Antiviral Drugs Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. The latest trend gaining momentum in the market is technological advancements. The new hybridoma technique is a novel approach toward the development of monoclonal antibodies, which are selective in nature. This technique will not only have a positive impact against viral diseases but also decrease the cost of the overall treatment. It can be expected that antiviral agents, which were above $100 and could be used to control an epidemic effectively, can now be produced at 1% of its original cost. According to the report, one of the major drivers for this market is stockpiling by public healthcare agencies. The CDC estimates that government organizations such as the WHO are also taking initiatives to secure public health during future outbreak of viral diseases by increasing the antiviral drugs stock. The CDC manages the Strategic National Stockpile, which includes storage of bulk quantities of antiviral medications for public health emergencies. Key vendors Bristol-Myers Squibb F. Hoffmann-La Roche Gilead Sciences GlaxoSmithKline Other prominent vendors AbbVie Johnson & Johnson Merck Novartis Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Research Methodology PART 03: Introduction PART 04: Disease Overview PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Pipeline analysis PART 07: Market segmentation by therapies PART 08: Market segmentation by MOA PART 09: Geographical segmentation PART 10: Decision framework PART 11: Drivers and challenges PART 12: Market trends PART 13: Competitive Landscape PART 14: Key vendor analysis PART 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/djspnx/global_antiviral Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---global-antiviral-drugs-market-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-948-2017-2021-with-bristol-myers-squibb-f-hoffmann-la-roche-gilead-sciences--glaxosmithkline-leading-the-market-300440814.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com Apr 18, 2017, 08:45 ET Preview: Global Chiropractic Care Market to Grow at a CAGR of 3.67% by 2021: Low Penetration in Emerging Economies - Research and Markets Apr 18, 2017, 08:15 ET Preview: Research and Markets - Global Earphones and Headphones Market, 2017-2025: JVC, Skullcandy, Sony Corp, Sennheiser, Shure and Bose Dominate the $15.8 Billion Market My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Apr 18, 2017, 19:30 ETGlobal $288.30 Billion Bunker Fuel Market, 2015-2020: IFO 380 is... Apr 18, 2017, 19:15 ETAfrica Diesel Genset Market, 2017-2023 - Research and Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Pharmaceuticals Pharmaceuticals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Global Antiviral Drugs Market to Grow at a CAGR of 9.48%, 2017-2021 with Bristol-Myers Squibb, F. Hoffmann-La Roche, Gilead Sciences & GlaxoSmithKline Leading the Market News provided by Research and Markets Apr 18, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 20,523 -113.64 -0.55% Nasdaq 5,849 -7.32 -0.12% S&P 500 2,342 -6.82 -0.29% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,012.71 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,986.55 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% lower at 7,141.21 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 376.73 2:42 A.M. ET Opinion Despite Brexit, Theresa May ready to lead Europe 2:35 A.M. ET Zalando earnings flat even as revenue rises 2:35 A.M. ET Rentokil Initial revenue rises; sees 2017 in line 2:34 A.M. ET Heineken profit up 11% as sales beat views 2:33 A.M. ET AB Foods profit up 36% as Primark sales beat view 2:30 A.M. ET Polymetal gold output rises; keeps 2017 targets 2:29 A.M. ET Burberry revenue down, but boosted by FX gains 2:24 A.M. ET Remy Cointreau full-year sales rise 2:24 A.M. ET EU new car sales surge to March record 2:23 A.M. ET Akzo Nobel posts flat net profit in first quarter 2:23 A.M. ET Total reports jet fuel leak at Texas refinery 1:17 A.M. ET Oil Search sticks to production target 1:17 A.M. ET Oil prices slip as supply worries persist 12:01 A.M. ET This is why people are declining your wedding invitations 4/18 Updated Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Biotechnology OncoMed is having a no good, very bad week By Emma Court Published: Apr 18, 2017 7:59 a.m. ET Share The clinical-stage biotech is reporting problems with two drug trials just a week after a mid-stage pancreatic cancer trial failed Kenishirotie - Fotolia By EmmaCourt Reporter In the space of one week, OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. has been buffeted by not one, not two, but four pieces of bad news. The latest negative results for the Redwood City, Ca.-based biotech OMED, -3.74%  concern two drugs, intended for small cell lung cancer and colorectal cancer. The former treatment missed both primary and secondary endpoints in a mid-stage clinical trial for small cell lung cancer. And the latter is having an early-stage clinical trial discontinued because the patient population couldn’t tolerate the combination, the company said Monday. OncoMed is stopping both programs, the company told MarketWatch. Read: OncoMed stock drops 25% after lung cancer drug misses in mid-stage clinical trial Just last week, OncoMed said midstage pancreatic cancer trial had failed to meet its goals and said that Bayer BAYRY, -1.70%  would not be using its option to license two of the company’s cancer drugs. See more: OncoMed Pharma stock drops 45% after midstage clinical trial miss; Bayer opting not to license two drugs The news is a blow for the company. “Based on the events of today and last week, we will be undertaking a comprehensive portfolio prioritization review immediately,” said OncoMed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Paul Hastings, noting that the company ended the first quarter with $156.9 million in cash and short-term investments. OncoMed currently has six potential new drugs in 10 clinical trials that are either enrolling patients or underway, according to a company spokesperson. Demcizumab, which missed in a pancreatic cancer trial last week, is also being tested in a midstage clinical trial for non-small cell lung cancer and an early-stage trial in combination with Merck’s cancer drug Keytruda. Five other drug candidates are in early-stage trials for breast, pancreatic, ovarian and colorectal cancers, with one drug, rosmantuzumab, being tested in certain biomarker-selected patient populations, OncoMed told MarketWatch. The FDA has also just given OncoMed the go-ahead to test a seventh drug in clinical trials, according to the company. Barron's Buzz: Biotech's Push for Affordable Drugs(4:56) Barron's senior editor Jack Hough and Shelby Holliday discuss the upcoming issue of Barron's. Topics include the biotech push for affordable drugs, the possibility of Apple buying Disney and why crowded flights are here to stay. Photo: iStock OncoMed develops drugs that specifically target cancer stem cells. But “we’ve historically been cautious on the probability-of-success of OMED’s cancer stem cell targeting agents and see more promise in the company’s recent efforts in building a second area of focus in immuno-oncology,” said Leerink analyst Michael Schmidt. Related: Here comes your next S&P 500 buying opportunity Immuno-oncology drugs “just entered phase I trials, so we think it will take some time until value-creating catalysts emerge,” he said. Leerink rates the company market perform “in light of the uncertainties around OMED’s pipeline and strategy at this point.” OncoMed shares were valued at $3.92 Monday. They have dropped 49% over the last three months, compared with a 3.0% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.29% More from MarketWatch Desktop PCs Are Making a Comeback Trump Sees North Korea as Top Threat This is where your tax dollars went Quote References OMED -0.15 -3.74% BAYRY -1.93 -1.70% SPX -6.82 -0.29% Most Popular Ossoff appears unlikely to win Georgia House seat outright, forcing runoff This is why people are declining your wedding invitations Americans get an ‘F’ on income tax quiz To improve your productivity, paint your office this color (it’s scientifically proven) Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: OMED $3.86 -0.15 (-3.74%) Volume 556.9K Open $3.94 High $3.96 Low $3.80 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 150.9M Bayer AG ADR U.S.: OTC: BAYRY $111.69 -1.93 (-1.70%) Volume 194.6K Open $112.29 High $112.39 Low $111.38 P/E Ratio 18.39 Div Yield 2.57 Market Cap 99.1B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,342.19 -6.82 (-0.29%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,343 High 2,348 Low 2,335 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Protein Trends & Technologies Market Scenario, Leading Players, Segments Analysis and Growth Drivers to 2027 “”Protein Trends & Technologies Market”” Protein Trends & Technologies Market Information by Form (Protein Concentrate, Hydrolyzed Protein and Protein Isolate), Application (Food and Beverages, Pharmaceuticals) and End User (Infants, Athlete, Geriatrics and Animal Feed) – Forecast to 2027 Market Scenario Globally, the market for protein has been increasing due to increase in population and disposable income; other factors driving the protein market are infants food, processed food and other dairy products  Market Segments The market for Global Protein Market is segmented on the basis of form, application and by end-user; by form the Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market is segmented as Protein Concentrate, Hydrolyzed Protein and Protein Isolate, on the basis of application the Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market is segmented as food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and sports nutrition products. Moreover on the basis of the applications of Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market is segmented as infants, athlete, geriatrics and animal feed. Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1105 Key Players The key players profiled in Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market report include American International Foods, Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Gulshan Polyols Ltd, Daisco, Cargill Incorporated, Quinhuangdao Lihua Starch Company Ltd, Merck, Roquette Freres, Ecogreen Oleochemicals GmbH, Sorini, Tereos Syral, Sigma-Aldrich and Spi Pharma. Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 100 numbers of pages of the project report “Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market – Forecast to 2027” Study Objectives of Global Protein Market To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 10 years of various segments and sub-segments of the Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth To Analyze the Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porters five force analysis etc. To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW) To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by product, by end user and by application. To provide strategic profiling of the key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global Protein Trends & Technologies Market Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/protein-trends-technologies-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Media Contact Company Name: Market Research Future Contact Person: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Address:Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India City: Pune State: Maharashtra Country: India Website: https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/protein-trends-technologies-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Fitness, Health & Medicine, Pharmaceuticals & Biotech, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Biogen Highlights Advances from Its Neurology Research Programs and Portfolio of Innovative Medicines at AAN Congress Next PostNext Oligonucleotide Pool Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 8.5% During 2016 to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Rare Earth Metals Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 13.67%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications Intellipharmaceutics Reports Director Election Results Global Corporate Game Based Learning Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 11.68%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications International Industrial Robot Sensors Market 2021: Leading Manufacturers (Honeywell,FANU,Cognex) Analysis, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, & Forecast Global Industrial Wireless Sensors Market by 2021 Expected to Grow at a CAGR 11.09%: Foremost Manufacturers, Drivers, Trends, Challenges, Forecast & Analysis by Types and Applications Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Immunovaccine Announces Dosing of First Patient in Investigator-Sponsored Phase 1b/2 Clinical Trial Evaluating Immuno-Oncology Candidate Targeting Incurable HPV-Related Cancers Study Demonstrates Broad Applicability of Immunovaccine’s DepoVax™ Platform for Delivering Cancer Antigens HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA–(Marketwired – April 18, 2017) – Immunovaccine Inc. („Immunovaccine” or the „Company”) (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage vaccine and immunotherapy company, today announced that the first study participant has been treated in a Phase 1b/2 clinical study evaluating Immunovaccine’s investigational cancer vaccine, DPX-E7, in combination with low-dose cyclophosphamide in patients with incurable oropharyngeal, cervical and anal cancers related to the human papillomavirus (HPV). Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (Dana-Farber) is leading the DPX-E7 study through a $1.5 million research grant from Stand Up To Cancer and the Farrah Fawcett Foundation to clinically evaluate collaborative translational research that addresses critical problems in HPV-related cancers. „Because DPX-E7 is formulated with the same DepoVax™ platform technology as our DPX-Survivac candidate, this trial further demonstrates the broad applicability of DepoVax™ to deliver cancer antigens appropriately,” said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine’s Chief Executive Officer. „It is also an important step forward in developing therapies for the high-risk HPV infections that have been linked to cancers associated with poor patient outcomes. We are pleased to be working with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in this endeavor, and we look forward to continuing to fully leverage our platform’s potential to address high unmet medical needs, delivering more options to patients and creating more opportunities to generate value for our shareholders.” The Dana-Farber study is a single center, open label, non-randomized clinical trial that will investigate the safety and clinical efficacy of DPX-E7 in combination with low-dose metronomic oral cyclophosphamide in a total of 44 treated participants. Its primary objectives are to evaluate changes in CD8+ T cells in peripheral blood and tumor tissue, and to evaluate the safety of DPX-E7 vaccination in HLA-A2 positive patients with incurable HPV-related head and neck, cervical or anal cancers. DPX-E7 targets an HPV viral protein known as E7. Immunovaccine has the option to produce the DPX-E7 vaccine if it proves successful in the clinic. „We are excited to offer this new therapy for our patients with HPV-related head and neck, anal and cervical cancers that have recurred after standard therapy,” said Robert Haddad M.D., disease center leader, head and neck oncology program at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. This trial marks another milestone in the expansion of Immunovaccine’s growing pipeline of immuno-oncology candidates. Currently, Immunovaccine has multiple early-stage trials evaluating DepoVax™-based clinical candidates in ovarian cancer. The Company most recently announced that Princess Margaret Cancer Centre had received Health Canada clearance to begin an investigator-sponsored Phase 2 ovarian cancer study evaluating Immunovaccine’s DPX-Survivac with Merck’s pembrolizumab. Individuals interested in enrolling in the Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating DPX-E7 can find more information via clinicaltrials.gov. About HPV-related Cancers Approximately 30 to 40 types of human papillomaviruses (HPV) are transmitted through sexual contact and infect the anogenital region and oropharynx. About 15 of these are designated „high-risk” (i.e., oncogenic); more than five percent of all new cancers are attributed to high-risk HPV infections.(i) HPV is the cause of virtually all cases of cervical cancer, the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women worldwide, and has been linked to anal, vulva, vaginal, penile and oropharyngeal cancers.(ii),(iii),(iv) About DepoVax™ DepoVax™ is a patented formulation that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens plus adjuvant to the immune system, resulting in a strong, specific and sustained immune response with the potential for single-dose effectiveness. The DepoVax™ platform is flexible and can be used with a broad range of target antigens for preventative or therapeutic applications. The technology is designed to be commercially scalable, with the potential for years of shelf life stability. Fully synthetic, off-the-shelf DepoVax™-based vaccines are also relatively easy to manufacture, store, and administer. These characteristics enable Immunovaccine to pursue vaccine candidates in cancer, infectious diseases and other vaccine applications. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company’s patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. (i) Parkin DM: The global health burden of infection-associated cancers in the year 2002. Int J Cancer 118:3030-44, 2006 (ii) Walboomers JM, Jacobs MV, Manos MM, et al: Human papillomavirus is a necessary cause of invasive cervical cancer worldwide. J Pathol 189:12-9, 1999 (iii) Alani RM, Munger K: Human papillomaviruses and associated malignancies. J Clin Oncol 16:330-7, 1998 (iv) Siegel R, Naishadham D, Jemal A: Cancer statistics, 2013. CA Cancer J Clin 63:11-30, 2013 CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTCQX:IMMVF, TSX:IMV Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mogo Finance Technology Inc. (MOGOF: OTCQX International) | OTC Markets Group Announces Quarterly Index Performance and Rebalancing Next PostNext Minco Gold Corp. (MGHCF: OTCQX International) | OTC Markets Group Announces Quarterly Index Performance and Rebalancing Search Recent Posts Keynote address at the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Breakfast Three Roles Cities Play in Building a Sustainable Future GW Pharmaceuticals and its U.S. Subsidiary Greenwich Biosciences Highlight New Epidiolex® (cannabidiol) Data Released by the American Academy of Neurology Patient Transport System Market Growth and Regional Forecast 2016 – 2024 Stem Cell Assay Market Analysis & Trends 2016 – 2024: Market Trends and Key Developments Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Immunovaccine Inc. TSX : IMV OTCQX : IMMVF April 18, 2017 07:05 ET Immunovaccine Announces Dosing of First Patient in Investigator-Sponsored Phase 1b/2 Clinical Trial Evaluating Immuno-Oncology Candidate Targeting Incurable HPV-Related Cancers Study Demonstrates Broad Applicability of Immunovaccine's DepoVax™ Platform for Delivering Cancer Antigens HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Immunovaccine Inc. ("Immunovaccine" or the "Company") (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage vaccine and immunotherapy company, today announced that the first study participant has been treated in a Phase 1b/2 clinical study evaluating Immunovaccine's investigational cancer vaccine, DPX-E7, in combination with low-dose cyclophosphamide in patients with incurable oropharyngeal, cervical and anal cancers related to the human papillomavirus (HPV). Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (Dana-Farber) is leading the DPX-E7 study through a $1.5 million research grant from Stand Up To Cancer and the Farrah Fawcett Foundation to clinically evaluate collaborative translational research that addresses critical problems in HPV-related cancers. "Because DPX-E7 is formulated with the same DepoVax™ platform technology as our DPX-Survivac candidate, this trial further demonstrates the broad applicability of DepoVax™ to deliver cancer antigens appropriately," said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine's Chief Executive Officer. "It is also an important step forward in developing therapies for the high-risk HPV infections that have been linked to cancers associated with poor patient outcomes. We are pleased to be working with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in this endeavor, and we look forward to continuing to fully leverage our platform's potential to address high unmet medical needs, delivering more options to patients and creating more opportunities to generate value for our shareholders." The Dana-Farber study is a single center, open label, non-randomized clinical trial that will investigate the safety and clinical efficacy of DPX-E7 in combination with low-dose metronomic oral cyclophosphamide in a total of 44 treated participants. Its primary objectives are to evaluate changes in CD8+ T cells in peripheral blood and tumor tissue, and to evaluate the safety of DPX-E7 vaccination in HLA-A2 positive patients with incurable HPV-related head and neck, cervical or anal cancers. DPX-E7 targets an HPV viral protein known as E7. Immunovaccine has the option to produce the DPX-E7 vaccine if it proves successful in the clinic. "We are excited to offer this new therapy for our patients with HPV-related head and neck, anal and cervical cancers that have recurred after standard therapy," said Robert Haddad M.D., disease center leader, head and neck oncology program at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. This trial marks another milestone in the expansion of Immunovaccine's growing pipeline of immuno-oncology candidates. Currently, Immunovaccine has multiple early-stage trials evaluating DepoVax™-based clinical candidates in ovarian cancer. The Company most recently announced that Princess Margaret Cancer Centre had received Health Canada clearance to begin an investigator-sponsored Phase 2 ovarian cancer study evaluating Immunovaccine's DPX-Survivac with Merck's pembrolizumab. Individuals interested in enrolling in the Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating DPX-E7 can find more information via clinicaltrials.gov. About HPV-related Cancers Approximately 30 to 40 types of human papillomaviruses (HPV) are transmitted through sexual contact and infect the anogenital region and oropharynx. About 15 of these are designated "high-risk" (i.e., oncogenic); more than five percent of all new cancers are attributed to high-risk HPV infections.(i) HPV is the cause of virtually all cases of cervical cancer, the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women worldwide, and has been linked to anal, vulva, vaginal, penile and oropharyngeal cancers.(ii),(iii),(iv) About DepoVax™ DepoVax™ is a patented formulation that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens plus adjuvant to the immune system, resulting in a strong, specific and sustained immune response with the potential for single-dose effectiveness. The DepoVax™ platform is flexible and can be used with a broad range of target antigens for preventative or therapeutic applications. The technology is designed to be commercially scalable, with the potential for years of shelf life stability. Fully synthetic, off-the-shelf DepoVax™-based vaccines are also relatively easy to manufacture, store, and administer. These characteristics enable Immunovaccine to pursue vaccine candidates in cancer, infectious diseases and other vaccine applications. About Immunovaccine Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company's patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com. Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law. (i) Parkin DM: The global health burden of infection-associated cancers in the year 2002. Int J Cancer 118:3030-44, 2006 (ii) Walboomers JM, Jacobs MV, Manos MM, et al: Human papillomavirus is a necessary cause of invasive cervical cancer worldwide. J Pathol 189:12-9, 1999 (iii) Alani RM, Munger K: Human papillomaviruses and associated malignancies. J Clin Oncol 16:330-7, 1998 (iv) Siegel R, Naishadham D, Jemal A: Cancer statistics, 2013. CA Cancer J Clin 63:11-30, 2013 Contact Information MEDIA: Sam Brown Inc. Mike Beyer (312) 961-2502 mikebeyer@sambrown.com INVESTOR RELATIONS: Immunovaccine Inc. Pierre Labbe Chief Financial Officer (902) 492-1819 info@imvaccine.com www.imvaccine.com Westwicke Partners Patti Bank Managing Director (415) 515-4572 or O: (415) 513-1284 patti.bank@westwicke.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Immunovaccine Inc. From this industry Pharmaceuticals and Biotech From this sub-industry Biotech Drugs See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Periodic Fever Syndrome Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2016 – 2024 : Persistence Market Research Periodic Fever Syndrome are autoinflammatory diseases which cause episodic illness and do not have an infectious cause. Periodic Fever Syndrome are genetic and are also present during childhood. It is defined by the various genetic defects, by the clinical features of the syndrome, the affected part of the body, age of the patient and the area of the world from where the patient belongs. Treatment is based on the understanding of the gene defect. Despite similarities in symptoms, periodic fever syndrome has different patterns of inheritance, causes, length and frequency of ‘attacks.’ Some of the chronic condition associated with Periodic Fever Syndrome includes Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome (CAPS), hyperimmunoglobulinemia D syndrome (HIDS), TNF receptor-associated periodic syndrome (TRAPS) and Periodic Fever, Aphthous Stomatitis, Pharyngitis, Adenitis Syndrome (PFAPA). The symptoms of Periodic Fever Syndrome are cyclic in nature, coming and going, with the difference in severity. Periodic Fever Syndrome affects many organs and tissues and has its own set of symptoms along with high temperature during attacks. Elevated serum levels of acute-phase reactants such as fibrinogen and serum amyloid A, leukocytosis and high level of erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR) are associated with periodic fever syndrome. Diagnostic tools and genetic test are available for patients with periodic fever. For some conditions such as Periodic Fever, Aphthous Stomatitis, Pharyngitis, Adenitis Syndrome (PFAPA), no genetic test are available yet. Hereditary periodic fever syndromes (HPFSs) are rare and is characterized by short and recurrent attacks. These attacks undergo remission without the use of antibiotic, anti-inflammatory, or immunosuppressive treatment. The patient feels healthy and is back to its daily routine until the next episode of periodic fever occurs. Previously, there was no approved medicine for the treatment of TNF Receptor-Associated Periodic Syndrome (TRAPS), Hyperimmunoglobulinemia D Syndrome (HIDS)/ Mevalonate Kinase Deficiency (MKD). In September 2016, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted Novartis’ ilaris (canakinumab) expanded use for the treatment of these three rare and distinct types of Periodic Fever Syndromes.Treatment with oral anti-inflammatory drugs, e.g. corticosteroids and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), helps to control the symptoms but does not assist in the prevention of Periodic Fever Syndrome. Based on the Indication, the global periodic fever syndrome market is segmented into Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF), Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndrome (CAPS), Hyperimmunoglobulinemia D Syndrome (HIDS) and TNF Receptor-Associated Periodic Syndrome (TRAPS). Familial Mediterranean fever is less common in other ethnic groups compared to people of Eastern Mediterranean ancestry. TNF Receptor-Associated Periodic Syndrome and Hyperimmunoglobulinemia D Syndrome (HIDS)/ Mevalonate Kinase Deficiency (MKD) are less common among people and is estimated to affect around 1-2 people per million (Mn). Expansion of the clinical pipeline by companies and the greater focus on patient care and monitoring have been the major strategies adopted by major players to fuel growth within the forecast period of 2016-2024 in the global Periodic Fever Syndrome Market. Key challenges faced by the market is limited knowledge, and limited treatment options as periodic fever syndrome is a rare disease. There is difficulty in the diagnosis of periodic fever syndrome due to unrelated symptoms. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12190 On the basis of geography, global periodic fever syndrome market is segmented into five key regions i.e. North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. North America is expected to dominate the global Periodic Fever Syndrome Market due to high demand from U.S. Some of the major players in global Periodic Fever Syndrome Market are Novartis AG, Simvastatin, Merck & Co., Inc., Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/12190 About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a U.S.-based full-service market intelligence firm specializing in syndicated re-search, custom research, and consulting services. PMR boasts market research expertise across the Healthcare, Chemicals and Materials, Technology and Media, Energy and Mining, Food and Beverages, Semiconductor and Electronics, Con-sumer Goods, and Shipping and Transportation industries. The company draws from its multi-disciplinary capabilities and high-pedigree team of analysts to share data that precisely corresponds to clients’ business needs. PMR stands committed to bringing more accuracy and speed to clients’ business decisions. From ready-to-purchase market research reports to customized research solutions, PMR’s en-gagement models are highly flexible without compromising on its deep-seated research values. Contact Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com media@persistencemarketresearch.com Web:www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Animal Parasiticides Market: Production, Revenue, Growth Rate, Price and Gross Margin Next PostNext Microelectronics Packaging Market – Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2024 Search Recent Posts Silicon Valley Innovation Center (SVIC) Hosts The Prime Minister of Kazakhstan During His Visit to Silicon Valley Meet the „Strait Paloma,” a New Cocktail inspired by George Strait at Perry’s Steakhouse & Grille in Oak Brook Gold Medal Olympian, Bryan Clay Strikes Gold with ETF Fitness! (Eat The Frog) New Artist, Nick Brodeur Releases Debut Single, „UR DUMB” Thing of a Widgets Have Gone Missing! Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Southeast Asia Pet Care Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6.8% from 2014 to 2020 Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers incisive insights into emerging regions in its latest report titled, “Southeast Asia Pet Care Market Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2014 – 2020”. The report states that the SEA pet care market is mainly driven by the burgeoning trends of pet humanization and increasing adoption of private label brands in countries such as Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Malaysia. FMI analyst P.S. Neha sheds light on why the SEA pet care market will become one of the major markets in the region in the near future: “Growth of the pet care market across Southeast Asia is driven by increasing adoption and humanization of pets. Pet owners are now more inclined towards more nutritious, healthy and organic foods for their pets.” Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-45 By type, the overall SEA pet care market is segmented into dog food, cat food, pet products and others. Dog food is the major segment in this region, accounting for a 51.6% share of the market in 2014; however, this is expected to decrease by 30 BPS by 2020. This report also covers the pet care market by category and by channel. On the basis of channel, the market is segmented into supermarket, pet shop, veterinary clinic and others. The supermarket segment is the leading distribution channel in the SEA pet care market. However, veterinary clinics are anticipated to exhibit the fastest CAGR at 7.1%, followed by supermarket at a 6.8% CAGR during the forecast period. This growth is attributed to a shift in consumer buying habits and an increasing inclination of pet owners to purchase health and wellness products from reliable sources such as veterinary clinics. Furthermore, by category, the market includes economy-priced, mid-priced and premium-priced products. Improving consumer lifestyles and increasing disposable income in Southeast Asian countries has resulted in a growing acceptance for pets, not only among the high-income group, but also the middle-income group. In 2014, Thailand was the dominant country in the overall Southeast Asia pet care market with a 43.62% share, followed by Malaysia and Indonesia, accounting for 21.74% and 15.47% respectively. The pet care market in the Philippines is expected to register a significant CAGR of 8.4%. This is expected to be followed by Vietnam at a CAGR of 8.0% during the forecast period. Send An Enquiry@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-45 Innovation remains the key to gaining a competitive edge in the SEA pet care market, especially in the pet food category. Companies such as Nestlé Purina, Zoetis, Mars, Inc. and Merck & Co., account for over 50% of the overall market share and constantly focus on mergers and acquisitions to expand their geographical presence and customer base. Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2nd Graders, Actors and Athletes Refuse to Bathe to get Clean Water for Others Next PostNext Recent Study: Global Electrical Shell Sales Market 2017 Future Scope and Analysis 2022 Search Recent Posts Whole Genome Amplification Market Poised for Steady Growth in the Future Offshore Drilling Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Motion Simulation Market Expected to Expand at a Steady CAGR through 2026 Alarm.com to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results on May 9, 2017 U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for April 19: All News Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Global Anti-Suicide Drugs Market, By Chemistry Type (Anti-Depressants and Anti-Anxiety Drugs, Anti-Psychotic Drugs, NMDA Antagonist, Antibiotic Analog), and Geography – Insights, Opportunity Analysis, and Industry Forecast till 2024 Anti-Suicide Drugs – Beacon Light of Life on the Horizon Depression is one of the major healthcare burdens worldwide leading to lower productivity and in severe cases leading to suicidal tendencies. Anti-depressant and anti-psychotic drugs are especially high in demand during economic crisis and social negligence. These drugs also serve as a therapy for preventing suicidal thoughts and attempts. However, overdose of these drugs can be fatal and therefore, needs to be administered under the direction of a physician. Extensive research related to suicide treatment is expected to provide a better solution to the global population during the latter half of the forecast period (2016-2024). This would improve the outlook of global anti-suicide drugs market and would help in reducing deaths due to suicide. Get Exclusive Discount on this CMI Report: www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-discount/10 The global anti-suicide drugs market was valued at US$ 3,318.3 million in 2015 and is expected to witness a moderate CAGR of 4.2% during the forecast period (2016 – 2024). Anti-Suicide Drugs Market to be on High Growth Trajectory Post Launch of Anti-Suicidal Drug NeuroRx Pharma has developed a novel anti-suicidal product Cyclurad (D-cycloserine and Lurasidone) which is indicated for Acute Suicidal Ideation/Behavior (ASIB) in Bipolar Depression. The estimated commercialization of the drug post-2020 is expected to be a major breakthrough innovation for the anti-suicide drugs market. Moreover, introduction of other such novel drugs for suicide would augment the anti-suicide market growth. People with major depressive disorder and risk for suicide would greatly benefit from such novel drug therapies. High Suicidal Rates to Contribute Towards the Positive Anti-Suicide Drugs Market Outlook According to the World Health Organization (WHO), suicide accounted for 1.4% of the total deaths worldwide in 2012, accounting for around 800 thousand deaths each year. Russia, India, Republic of Korea, Guyana, Lithuania, Sri Lanka, Hungary, Kazakhstan, and Japan are among the nations with high suicidal rates as per the WHO 2012 data. Emerging nations therefore possess immense opportunity for anti-suicidal drugs. However, being the first ever oral anti-suicidal therapeutic drug, companies are likely to capture the anti-suicide drugs market in developed regions such as North America and Western Europe. This mainly due to rapid adoption of new therapies and accessibility to healthcare facilities in these regions as compared to emerging economies. Download Exclusive PDF Brochure of This Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/10 Anti-Suicide Drugs Market to Gain Initial Traction in Developed Economies Major players operating in the global anti-suicide drugs market include Pfizer, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, Allergan plc, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., H. Lundbeck A/S, NeuroRx, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson. High healthcare expenditure in developed economies of North America and Europe is responsible for a higher market size of anti-suicidal drugs in these regions. Moreover, developed regions offer better healthcare infrastructure and are usually early adopters of new therapies. Browse Global Strategic Business Report : www.coherentmarketinsights.com/market-insight/anti-suicid… The anti-suicide drugs market in North America and Europe is expected to gain significant traction during the latter half of the forecast period, with the launch of anti-suicidal drug. Increasing healthcare expenditure in emerging economies and high prevalence of suicides in these regions is expected to bring about a paradigm shift in the market. Companies are expected to focus on capitalizing on lucrative opportunities in these regions at the turn of the following decade. This would ensure sustained growth for the market in the foreseeable future. About Coherent Market Insights: Coherent Market Insights is a prominent market research and consulting firm offering action-ready syndicated research reports, custom market analysis, consulting services, and competitive analysis through various recommendations related to emerging market trends, technologies, and potential absolute dollar opportunity. Contact Us: Mr. Shah Coherent Market Insights 1001 4th Ave, #3200 Seattle, WA 98154 Tel: +1-206-701-6702 Email: sales@coherentmarketinsights.com Visit Coherent Market Insights Blog @ blog.coherentmarketinsights.com/ Connect with us on LinkedIn @ www.linkedin.com/company/coherent-market-insights This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Tragacanth Market Analysis, Size, Regional Outlook, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Agrochemical Intermediates Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Search Recent Posts ADTRAN, Inc. Reports Record Results for the First Quarter 2017 and Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend A PILOT’S LIFE: FROM A CHILDHOOD DREAM TO AN INCREASINGLY REWARDING REALITY Free 30 Day Trial SEO campaign Herbal Tea – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Cellular Communication Routers Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Pulmonary Drugs Market by Drug Class, Application, Distribution Channel and Forecast to 2021 The global pulmonary drugs market report provides market size (Revenue USD Million 2014 to 2021), market share, trends and forecasts growth trends (CAGR%, 2017 to 2021). The global pulmonary drugs market research report is further segmented by geography into North America (U.S., Canada), Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA), Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU), Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC), and Rest of the World. The global pulmonary drugs market report also provides the detailed market landscape (market drivers, restraints, opportunities), market attractiveness analysis and also tracks the major competitors operating in the market by company overview, financial snapshot, key products, technologies and services offered, market share analysis and recent trends in the global market. Browse Pulmonary Drugs Market by Drug Class (Anticholinergics, Antihistamines, Combination Drugs, Inhaled Corticosteroids, Long-Acting Beta2-Agonists, Short-Acting Beta2-Agonists, Vasodilators, Antibiotics, Antileukotrienes, Enzymes, MAbs), Application (Allergic Rhinitis, Asthma & COPD, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension, Others), Distribution Channel (Drug Stores, E-commerce, Hospital Pharmacies, Retail Pharmacies) and Forecast 2017-2021 at www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/pulmonary-drugs-market/ The global pulmonary drugs market segmentation is based on drug class (anticholinergics, antihistamines, combination drugs, inhaled corticosteroids, long-acting beta2-agonists, short-acting beta2-agonists, vasodilators, antibiotics, antileukotrienes, enzymes, MAbs), application (allergic rhinitis, asthma & COPD, cystic fibrosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension, others), distribution channel (drug stores, e-commerce, hospital pharmacies, retail pharmacies). Major players operating in the global pulmonary drugs market and profiled in this report include Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 1. Drug Class 1.1. Anticholinergics 1.2. Antihistamines 1.3. Combination Drugs 1.4. Inhaled Corticosteroids (ICS) 1.5. Long-Acting Beta2-Agonists (LABA) 1.6. Short-Acting Beta2-Agonists (SABA) 1.7. Vasodilators 1.8. Others (Antibiotics, Antileukotrienes, Enzymes, MAbs, etc.) 2. Application 2.1. Allergic Rhinitis 2.2. Asthma & COPD 2.3. Cystic Fibrosis 2.4. Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension 2.5. Others 3. Distribution Channel 3.1. Drug Stores 3.2. E-commerce 3.3. Hospital Pharmacies 3.4. Retail Pharmacies 4. Geography (Region, Country) 4.1. North America (U.S., Canada) 4.2. Latin America (Brazil, Mexico, Rest of LA) 4.3. Europe (U.K., Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Rest of EU) 4.4. Asia Pacific (Japan, China, India, Rest of APAC) 4.5. Rest of the World 5. Company Profiles 5.1. Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 5.2. AstraZeneca plc 5.3. Bayer AG 5.4. Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH 5.5. F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. 5.6. GlaxoSmithKline plc 5.7. Merck & Co., Inc. 5.8. Novartis AG 5.9. Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 5.10. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. To request Table of Contents and Sample Pages of this report visit: www.ihealthcareanalyst.com/report/pulmonary-drugs-market/ iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. is a global healthcare market research and consulting company providing market analysis, and competitive intelligence services to global clients. The company publishes syndicate, custom and consulting grade healthcare reports covering animal healthcare, biotechnology, clinical diagnostics, healthcare informatics, healthcare services, medical devices, medical equipment, and pharmaceuticals. In addition to multi-client studies, we offer creative consulting services and conduct proprietary single-client assignments targeted at client’s specific business objectives, information needs, time frame and budget. Please contact us to receive a proposal for a proprietary single-client study. Ana Aitawa iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. 2109, Mckelvey Hill Drive, Maryland Heights, MO 63043 United States Email: sales@ihealthcareanalyst.com www.ihealthcareanalyst.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electrosurgical Devices Market by Products, Application, End Users and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Future of the Pakistani Defense Industry, Competitive Landscape and Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts Enhanced Oil Recovery Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Diana Shipping Inc. Announces Public Offering of Common Shares Statement from U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos on President Trump’s Buy American and Hire American Executive Order Itau Corpbanca Schedules First Quarter 2017 Financial Results, Conference Call and Webcast Commerce Split: Monthly Dividend Declared for Class I and Class II Preferred Shares Proudly powered by WordPress
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Explore the whole Special Report Currently reading: The long road to elimination of neglected tropical diseases A guide to neglected tropical diseases prioritised by the World Health Organisation Leprosy: India’s hidden plague Syria’s ‘Aleppo boil’ spreads with refugees through the region Poverty, open sewers and parasites: ‘America’s dirty shame’ Dr Margaret Chan: The tide is turning for neglected tropical diseases More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers See all 14 stories Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT The long road to elimination of neglected tropical diseases Despite some progress, the fight is a long way from the finish A nine-year-old girl in Urumqi, northwest China, recovers from liver surgery for echinococcosis © Gilles Sabrié Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save April 18, 2017 by: Andrew Jack When Ernesto Ruiz-Tiben began his work to eradicate guinea worm disease more than 30 years ago, he felt “it was going to be like dragging a dead elephant through a swamp by its tail.” Guinea worm (dracunculiasis) is one of the most unpleasant of the world’s neglected tropical diseases (NTDs). The waterborne parasite grows up to a metre in length inside the human body before emerging again slowly and painfully, usually through the feet, debilitating its victim. But in 1981, health workers exhilarated by the recent eradication of smallpox — the first time in history that a human disease had been eliminated — made guinea worm their next target. Back then, an estimated 3.5m Asians and Africans were infected every year by this “disease of the poor”, which, like other NTDs, hits the world’s most deprived communities hardest. Of the many poverty-related tropical illnesses that exist, the World Health Organisation has selected 18 as good targets to control, eliminate and in some cases, eradicate. These ancient diseases are notorious for their disabling and deforming symptoms — and some, whether leprosy or elephantiasis, seem to belong to bygone eras. Effective treatments exist for many, which explains why they have all but vanished in richer countries, where better funded health care systems and improved sanitation have slowed the spread.  Meanwhile, the focus and funding has turned to fighting the so-called “big three” killers: malaria, HIV/Aids and tuberculosis. The low profile of NTDs has been compounded by a lack of reliable data on when and where they occur — not to mention archaic or unpronounceable names that make them hard to popularise. This magazine, written by FT correspondents and freelance journalists around the world, shows that the battle against NTDs is far from hopeless. The campaign to eradicate guinea worm offers important pointers to success. High-level political commitment is the first prerequisite, says David Agyemang, programme manager in Ghana for the UK-based charity Sightsavers.  Through his non-governmental organisation, former US President Jimmy Carter championed the cause with business and heads of state. He also kept up pressure and accountability by visiting affected countries, even brokering a ceasefire in Sudan in the 1990s to allow health workers access to those at risk. Residents of Asubende in Ghana who have lost their sight because of onchocerciasis © Cristina Aldehuela The Carter Center’s work against guinea worm, headed by Ruiz-Tiben, has made good progress. A combination of health education, larvicides, water filters and dogged determination helped cut instances of the disease to just 25 cases in four countries in 2016.  “I cannot give a date when it will end, but we are doing everything we can to make it happen,” Ruiz-Tiben says. Another element of the campaign’s success, says Agyemang, who was previously in charge of the Ghanaian ministry’s war on guinea worm, was that local communities were “in charge”. Villagers, for example, deployed guards next to water where the infection was transmitted, and people were fined for wading in. He has seen less evidence of both community involvement and political commitment with campaigns for the other NTDs, however. A patient being treated for leprosy in hospital in West Bengal, India © Poulomi Basu In 2012, in the London Declaration on Neglected Tropical Diseases, governments, donors and 13 pharmaceutical companies pledged to push for the control or elimination (meaning that they only infect tiny numbers of people each year) of a further nine NTDs. Much of the progress has been the result of so-called mass drug administration programmes, in which the entire population of an area is treated without first being tested for infection. Drug distribution has helped eliminate onchocerciasis (river blindness) from several countries in the Americas. Drug companies’ support and government funding, combined with improved hygiene, is helping maintain a similar momentum against the bacterial disease trachoma, another source of unnecessary blindness. Insecticide spraying and the widespread distribution of mosquito nets as part of malaria programmes has had the side effect of helping prevent mosquito-transmitted lymphatic filariasis (also known as elephantiasis). The World Health Organisation’s target of global elimination of that disease is advancing well, though the 2020 deadline might still prove too ambitious. On other NTDs, progress has been slower and elimination remains a more distant prospect. Not all diseases are as amenable to elimination with the toolbox of drugs, diagnostics and insecticides that is currently available. New combinations of drugs and innovative, faster-acting medicines with fewer side-effects are needed. A patient being treated for leprosy in hospital in West Bengal, India © Poulomi Basu Paradoxically, in many cases, progress can present its own obstacles. “Once you move towards elimination, communities forget the burden,” says Simon Bush, Sightsavers’ director of NTDs. “We have to remind the community to remain alert and report cases. That is something I have nightmares about: that the diseases could come back.” Prof David Molyneux, NTDs lead at the Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine, says more co-operation between health officials and their counterparts in education, sanitation and water is needed to address the underlying causes of infection and transmission. Poor access in conflict zones, such as South Sudan or Syria, allows infection rates to rise and then spread as refugees flee. The high-profile epidemics of Ebola and Zika have introduced competing pressures on weak health systems, too, he says. “It’s great there is international attention,” says Bruno Gryseels, director of the Institute of Tropical Medicine in Antwerp, who warns that controlling disease is only part of broader development challenges.  “The world will not always fund control programmes. They need to be integrated into regular health services. It might be easier to tackle poverty.” Communities have to remain alert. I have nightmares that the diseases could come back  Simon Bush Finally, there is nature’s confounding power to adapt. If guinea worm is close to eradication, the last steps are proving extremely difficult. In Chad, the parasite — previously thought to require human hosts to live — has been identified in dogs and even frogs in the past few years. That has raised concerns that the disease will continue to spread undetected via animal populations. “Sometimes you feel totally overwhelmed,” concedes Ruiz-Tiben. “But if you keep at it, you see the light. It’s been a struggle, but we’re very close now.”  Filling the gap: drug donations A child receives onchocerciasis medication from a volunteer distributor in Ghana © Cristina Aldehuela From its factory in South Africa last year, GlaxoSmithKline manufactured, transported and donated more than 1bn tablets of albendazole to governments across Africa for the treatment of lymphatic filariasis - also known as elephantiasis. In the global drive to expand from “control” towards “elimination” of a range of diseases, deliveries of drugs such as albendazole, in combination with Merck’s ivermectin, are crucial. The gift was mirrored by contributions of drugs from a dozen other pharmaceutical groups as drug industry chiefs fulfil pledges made at the London declaration five years ago to provide medicines now totalling more than 1.8bn treatments a year.  They have been supported by non-pharma partners such as DHL, the international logistics company, which has helped with shipments of the donated drugs. This approach marks a big improvement on past methods of donating medicines during humanitarian crises.  Programmes need to be part of regular health services. It might be easier to tackle poverty  Bruno Gryseels Typically treatments were given piecemeal by members of the public, rather than by the drug companies themselves and often the drugs were close to, or beyond, their expiry dates. Some were inappropriate for the intended use, or at least not the most urgently needed treatments. By contrast, the donations by big pharma companies for NTDs have so far been more strategic, appropriate and controlled. Yet some scepticism remains, whether from those who say companies are acting in self-interest to boost their public image, to others who complain that the donations permit very substantial tax write-offs that offset much of the cost. A more fundamental concern is the long-term commitment to such programmes. Bernard Pécoul, head of the Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative, a Geneva-based non-profit organisation that helps develop better drugs for the world’s poor, is among those who would prefer to dispense with handouts. “Big donations are not sustainable and they kill the market,” he says, echoing a stance taken by Medécins Sans Frontières, the medical relief organisation, on both drugs and vaccines. Yusuf Hamied, chairman of Cipla, the Indian generics company, says his efforts to provide the drug praziquantel, used to treat schistosomiasis (or bilharzia), at a low cost have been undercut by large donations from Merck of Germany. Rival suppliers from China charge less than his cost price, but only with the use of polluting manufacturing processes. To supporters of existing practices, however, it is not clear whether even highly competitive, low-cost production of many of the drugs needed to treat NTDs would sustain, let alone expand on, the quantities that are currently being provided by donations. The market is not lucrative for manufacturers, and many governments in high-burden countries have shied away from providing additional funding, even for very low-priced medicines. For now, the drug companies are at least adhering to their declaration commitments. There are calls for further donations, such as of Pfizer’s drug azithromycin, to treat yaws, alongside its existing donations of the drug for trachoma, under which 500m doses have been given away since 1998. In the absence of significant additional public sector resources, donations are still filling an important gap for now. Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save READ MORE A guide to neglected tropical diseases prioritised by the World Health Organisation Explore the Special Report ABOUT THIS Special Report Neglected tropical diseases affect more than a billion people. These diseases of the poor are notorious for their disabling symptoms. Progress has been slow, but the drug industry and communities are redoubling efforts to eliminate treatable conditions Currently reading: The long road to elimination of neglected tropical diseases A guide to neglected tropical diseases prioritised by the World Health Organisation Leprosy: India’s hidden plague Syria’s ‘Aleppo boil’ spreads with refugees through the region Poverty, open sewers and parasites: ‘America’s dirty shame’ Dr Margaret Chan: The tide is turning for neglected tropical diseases More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers See all 14 stories Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Military News Global Recombinant Therapeutic Antibodies & Proteins Market: Global Industry Analysis and Future Outlook 2023 Human proteins obtained through genetic engineering rather than from tissue samples have played a vital role in therapeutic medicines market. Advances in pharmacological understanding and pharmaceutical production have allowed continuous development of human proteins as a vital therapeutic option in variety of human diseases. From a clinical perspective, therapeutic proteins provide essential therapies in various life threatening disease such as diabetes, viral hepatitis, end-stage renal disease, clotting disorders and other metabolic disorders. Proteins as a part of the natural metabolism are synthesized by the living organism. Proteins play a significant role in carrying out vital body functions such as cell signaling, immune responses, cell adhesion, and the cell cycle. Industries such as biopharmaceutical industry, enzyme industry, and agriculture industry over a decade have been significantly benefited from native and recombinant proteins. In general therapeutic proteins include antibody-based drugs, bone morphogenetic proteins, FC fusion proteins, hormones, interleukins, and anticoagulants. Major application areas for these recombinant proteins include multiple sclerosis, dwarfism, anemia, rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s disease, diabetes and others. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/recombinant-therapeuti… Increasing investment on research activities and introduction of new protein therapeutics has significantly contributed in growth and development of recombinant therapeutic antibodies and proteins market. Moreover rising number of clinical trials in pharmaceutical industry have also contributed in growth and development of market in past few years. Owing to increased focus on developing innovative monoclonal antibodies (mAb), this segment is expected to dominate during the forecast period. Interestingly, although the recombinant therapeutic and proteins market is significantly smaller than overall pharmaceutical market yet the growth rate of the market is significantly higher than the overall pharmaceutical market. Restraint to the growth of the market includes lack of variety in formulations as most the recombinant antibodies and proteins can only be administered via injections. There are several problems associated with the administration of protein drug via injection such as it increases the overall cost of the treatment, need of trained caregiver during the course of treatment barring a few such as insulin and others. Additionally patent expiration of branded drugs and budget constraints are another major factor limiting the growth and exploration of application areas. Geographically the market is largely dominated by the developed economic regions such as North America and Europe owing to rapid growth of the biotechnology derived techniques in these two regions. Additionally significant research support in terms of infrastructure and funding has also driven recombinant therapeutic antibodies and proteins market in past one decade. Emerging markets such as Asia Pacific and Rest of the World market are expected to be the fastest growing market pertaining to developing economic scenario and increasing demand for therapeutics market. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Owing to such reforms and growth in developing economic countries have successfully contributed in attracting prominent players to these regions as a strategy to increase customer base and business expansion. Major branded monoclonal antibodies in the market include Rituxan (rituxumab), Synagis (Palivizumab), Campath (Alemtuzumab), Erbitux (Cetuximab). Whereas branded therapeutic proteins in the market comprises Levemir (Datemir insulin), Neulasta (PEG-Filgrastim), Enbrel (Etanercept), Ontak (rIL2-diptheria toxin) and others. Recombinant proteins currently in clinical trial phase include AERAS-404, Interferon alpha2a Fusion Protein, Anakinra, Aldesleukin and others. Some of the prominent players operating in the global recombinant therapeutic antibodies and protein market include Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis International AG, Schering AG, Johnson & Johnson and others. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious U.S. and China Asthma and COPD Drugs Market to be Driven by Growing Usage of Biologics in Asthma Next PostNext Alcoholism, Smoking, Changing Lifestyle and Rising Geriatric Population Drives the Antiepileptic Drugs Market Search Recent Posts Global Cryptocurrency Market Analysis with Oulook and Focus on Major Players OTR Tires Market Report by Top Manufacturers – Bridgestone, Michelin, Goodyear, Yokohama Tire Global Small Satellite Market Analysis by Application-Earth Observation and Meteorology, Technology Demonstration, Broadcasting and Telecommunication– Froecast 2021 Airbus Group SE (EADSY: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change GoGo Baby Inc (ALPC: OTC Pink Current) | Company Name Change Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Military News Pharmerging Market is expected to reach a value of US$1.40 bn as increasing government expenditure on healthcare Global Pharmerging Market: Snapshot The global pharmerging market is experiencing a significant rise, especially in the emerging economies across the world. The rising prevalence of non-communicable diseases, aging population, increasing life expectancy, escalating income, surging government expenditure on health care, free trade agreement, and the constant research and development are some of the key factors behind the growth of this market. With the increasing incidence rate of various diseases, the demand for highly innovative and better outcome products is also increasing, which is likely to result in a substantial growth of this market in the future. The continual innovation and advancements in the drugs for the treatment of a host of diseases are also anticipated to drive this market over the next few years. The global market for pharmerging, which stood at US$552.8 mn in 2015, is expected to rise at a CAGR of 11.30% between 2016 and 2024 and reach a value of US$1.40 bn by the end of 2024. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pharmerging-market.html Pharmaceutical Products to Witness Strong Growth in Near Future On the basis of type of product, pharmaceuticals and healthcare are the two main segments of the global market for pharmerging. The pharmaceuticals segment dominated the overall market in 2016 with a share of 65.2%. The scenario is expected to continue like this over the next few years, thanks to the significant rise in the demand for both, the branded as well as generic drugs. Apart from this, the increasing number of innovative therapies for the treatment of various diseases at affordable price is also projected to boost this segment in the years to come. On the other hand, the healthcare segment is likely to be driven by the growing emphasis on medical devices used in the diagnosis and treatment of a number of diseases. Based on the indication, the worldwide market for pharmerging has been classified into lifestyle diseases, cancers and autoimmune diseases, and infectious diseases. Among these, lifestyle-borne and cancer and autoimmune diseases are projected to offer lucrative opportunities for the growth of this market with attractiveness index over the forthcoming years. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Asia Pacific to Remain on Top In terms of the geography, the global pharmerging market reports its presence across Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, North America, and Europe. With a share of 53%, Asia Pacific led this market in 2016. Researchers expect this regional market to remain on the top, thanks to rapid urbanization, increasing patent expiration, and the surge in the investments for medical research. China has emerged as the key domestic market for pharmerging in Asia Pacific. Among other regional markets for pharmerging, Europe and Latin America are likely to witness healthy growth in the near future. Technological advancements, extensive research and development practices, and the increasing awareness regarding the treatment and the management of healthcare facilities are likely to propel the Latin America market. The Europe market is predicted to be drive by the large population size, growing disease prevalence, and the increasing health expenditure in the region. Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Tata Consultancy Services Ltd., LUPIN, GlaxoSmithKline Plc., AstraZeneca, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Johnson & Johnson, Novartis AG, Merck & Co. Inc. F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., Koninklijke Philips N.V., and Abbott Laboratories are the leading players in the global pharmerging market. About us: Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Expandable Interbody Fusion System Market grows with technology advancement Next PostNext Recent Report Covers Upcoming Opportunities in Coronavirus Infection Market Search Recent Posts Keynote address at the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Breakfast Three Roles Cities Play in Building a Sustainable Future GW Pharmaceuticals and its U.S. Subsidiary Greenwich Biosciences Highlight New Epidiolex® (cannabidiol) Data Released by the American Academy of Neurology Patient Transport System Market Growth and Regional Forecast 2016 – 2024 Stem Cell Assay Market Analysis & Trends 2016 – 2024: Market Trends and Key Developments Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News $3,775 Mn for Global General Anxiety Disorder Market by 2022 Sarasota, FL — (SBWIRE) — 04/18/2017 — Zion Market Research has published a new report titled „General Anxiety Disorder Market by Therapeutics (Antidepressant, Benzodiazepines and Others): U.S. Industry Perspective, Comprehensive Analysis and Forecast, 2014 – 2020.” According to the report, The U.S. demand for general anxiety disorder market was valued at USD 3,251 million in 2014 and is expected to generate revenue of USD 3,775 million by end of 2020, growing at a CAGR of 2.4% between 2015 and 2020. General anxiety disorders or generalized anxiety disorders (GAD) usually happen along with other physical or mental illnesses such as alcohol or substance abuse, which might mask anxiety symptoms. In some scenario, these other illnesses treated prior to person respond to treatment for the anxiety disorder. Efficient therapies for general anxiety disorders are present, and ongoing research is uncovering novel treatments that may aid most people with GAD. Request Free Sample Research Report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/sample/general-anxiety-disorder-market Currently, U.S. general anxiety disorders market is saturated as a variety of antidepressant drugs are available on prescription for the similar symptom. Presently, general anxiety disorders market is on a decline owing to a weak pipeline of novel drugs, patent expiry of major antidepressants and an increasing number of cheap generic drug variants in the market. U.S. stands for the major regional market for anxiety disorder therapeutics worldwide. General anxiety disorder market includes several types of therapeutic segments such as antidepressant, benzodiazepines and other therapeutics. The antidepressant was a main therapeutic segment of general anxiety disorder market and accounted 38.6% share of the total demand in 2014. This segment is further expected to continue its dominance in the market over the estimated period. Several kinds of medications employed to treat general anxiety disorder. Antidepressants such as serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) classes are the first-line medication treatments. Benzodiazepines are the most common class of anti-anxiety drugs and usually employed only for relieving severe anxiety on a short-term basis. These are medications alleviate anxiety by slowing down the central nervous system. Their calming and relaxing effects have made them very popular in U.S. They are also prescribed as muscle relaxants and sleeping pills. Inquire more about this report @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/inquiry/general-anxiety-disorder-market North America emerged as the foremost regional market for the global depression in 2014. This was mostly due to the presence of large population infected with many kinds of depression and anxiety disorders. Some of the renowned players in this market include Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi S.A. Forest Laboratories, Inc., Johnson & Johnson H. Lundbeck A/S, Merck & Co., Inc., Pfizer, Inc. are some of the dominant players in the market space. The report segments the U.S. general anxiety disorder market into: U.S. General anxiety disorder Market: Therapeutics Segment Analysis – Antidepressant – Benzodiazepines – Others (Buspirone) Browse detail report with in-depth TOC @ https://www.zionmarketresearch.com/report/general-anxiety-disorder-market CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Antiseptics and Disinfectants Market to Register $8.10 Bn Growth by 2022 Next PostNext New Appointments Made to Cancercare Manitoba Board, Manitoba Health Appeal Board Search Recent Posts Wolters Kluwer CCH iQ shortlisted as finalist for Innovator of the Year Category at Accountants Daily’s Australian Accounting Awards 2017 PACIFIC Digital Group Hires Vice President of Finance Gamehost Announces Regular Monthly Dividend for April Oracle Buys Moat International Medical Gauze Balls Market 2021 Professional Survey- Growth and Analysis- Industry Top Manufacturers, Trends, Size, Shares, Forecast 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by Military News Onchocerciasis Treatment Market (2017) : Industry Insights with Key Company Profiles – Forecast to 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/18/2017 — Onchocerciasis is likewise alluded to as waterway visual impairment and contaminates more than 37 million people who are living close quick moving streams and additionally waterways of sub-Saharan range of Africa. Few cases likewise have been accounted for out of Yemen and the Americas. Onchocerciasis is accepted to be the fourth driving reason for preventable visual impairment. Roughly 500,000 of people tainted with onchocerciasis are outwardly genuinely debilitated and another around 270,000 have turned out to be visually impaired for all time from this sickness. An extensive variety of causes lie behind these infections, yet for large portions of them the cause is obscure. There is no present specific treatment, and specialists must attempt to diminish the infection purely. Oral drugs has been as of late appeared to moderate the movement of sickness in a few patients. It is the world’s second driving irresistible reason for visual impairment. WHO prescribes treating onchocerciasis with ivermectin at any rate once yearly for around 10-15 years. The solution incapacitates and executes microfilariae, diminishing exceptional itching skin and ending the movement towards visual impairment. It additionally keeps grown-up worms from delivering more microfilariae for a couple of months taking after treatment, in this way lessening transmission. The commonness of disease can fluctuate amongst towns and was verifiably as high as 80 to 100 percent by the age of 20 years in a few territories, with visual impairment topping at 40 to 50 years old. Preceding control exercises, hyper endemic areas were as often as possible terminated in view of high rates of visual impairment. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/onchocerciasis-treatment-market.html Onchocerciasis Treatment Market: Drivers and Restraints Onchocerciasis treatment market has influenced the demand in recent years, soaring market capitalization of smaller players, rising number of strategic partnerships to scoop out the best of emerging medications or drugs, increased R&D spending by big pharma and emerging players, expanded indications for approved drugs and rising competition between companies producing drugs for same indications are majorly driving the overall onchocerciasis market. A current review in Mali and Senegal has given the primary confirmation of disposal following 15-17 years of treatment. Taking after this finding, the African Program for Onchocerciasis Control (APOC) has begun a precise assessment of the long haul effect of ivermectin treatment ventures and the attainability of end in APOC upheld nations. The World Health Organization has focused on Onchocerciasis for worldwide disposal in select nations in Africa by 2020. Control and disposal programs for this irresistible sicknesses by utilizing the medication ivermectin to stop transmission. Together with evidence of-idea for onchocerciasis disposal with yearly CDTI (community directed treatment with ivermectin) from foci in Senegal and Mali, this has brought about focusing on onchocerciasis end in chose African nations by 2020 and in 80% of African nations by 2025. The difficulties for meeting these objectives incorporate the quantity of endemic nations where struggle has deferred or intruded on control programs, cross-fringe foci, and possible growth of organism strains with low helplessness to ivermectin and co-endemicity of loiasis, another parasitic vector borne malady, which backs off or denies CDTI execution. Some of these difficulties could be tended to with new medications or medication mixes with a higher impact on Onchocerca Volvulus than ivermectin. Troublesome manufacturing procedures of this medication is in charge of its high value, which confines its utilization. There are risks of severe side effects. Uncertainty by the government regulations, also low guidance from doctors in selecting proper drug, reimbursement coverage may be weak sometimes and accuracy or medical technology infancy is concern to a certain extent during the forecast period. While the orphan Onchocerciasis treatment market is for the most part limited to the U.S. what’s more, Africa now, pharmaceutical organizations are probably going to begin taking advantage of the African market — which has a high populace of untreated uncommon sicknesses in 2017–2018. In addition, the emergence of effective generic drugs for the treatment of onchocerciasis is expected to encourage the growth of the market during the forecast period. The growing focus of governments in emerging countries on the development of healthcare infrastructure and creating an awareness regarding the condition are additional positive factors assessed to quicken the development of the onchocerciasis treatment market. -Segmentation by Drugs Storomectol (oral) Ivermectin (oral) -Segmentation By End User Hospitals Specialty Clinics Others Fill The Form To Gain Deeper Insights On This Market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22727 It is to be expected that the global market of orphan onchocerciasis treatment will show steady growth. Pharmaceutical and medical industries have gained popularity by generating new drugs for treatment of Onchocerciasis. Advancement in this field has been moved by different motivating forces, for example, quick track survey conventions, more medical campaigns, government funding and R&D expenses provided by authorized specialists in selective countries, majorly in Africa. Some of the major key players for orphan Onchocerciasis treatment market are Merck & Co., Inc., Mayne Pharma Group, Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., Delta Pharma Ltd., Life Pharmaceutical Company and Taj Pharmaceuticals Limited. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 4D Printing Market – Global Industry Analysis and Forecast 2024 Next PostNext Black SiC Market Global Potential Growth, Share, Demand and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2022 Search Recent Posts ADTRAN, Inc. Reports Record Results for the First Quarter 2017 and Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend A PILOT’S LIFE: FROM A CHILDHOOD DREAM TO AN INCREASINGLY REWARDING REALITY Free 30 Day Trial SEO campaign Herbal Tea – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Cellular Communication Routers Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Discount Canadian Pharmacy Online. cheapest Stromectol Safe Buy Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 18 de Abril de 2017 cheapest Stromectol Safe Buy Generic Stromectol Best Pharmacy To Order Stromectol without prescription. Generic Stromectol (Ivermectin) is used to treat infections caused by certain parasites. Generic Stromectol offers highly effective treatment of numerous infections, and is one of the top prescribed medications by doctors. Generic Stromectol is also marketed as Ivermectin, Ivomec and Mectizan. *Stromectol® is manufactured by Merck & Co. Rating 4.6 stars, based on 147 comments Price from $1.54 Per pill Use this link to Order Generic Stromectol (Ivermectin) NOW! Order Generic Stromectol Inghilterra Cual Costo Stromectol Purchase Online Stromectol España Safe Place To Buy Ivermectin Online Köp Online Stromectol Norge Buy Ivermectin Tabs Europe Cheap Stromectol Where To Purchase Stromectol Per Pill Cost Buy Genuine Ivermectin Acheter Du Ivermectin Par Internet Beställ Online Stromectol Houston Ivermectin Retail Cost Achat Stromectol Livraison Rapide Ou Acheter Du Stromectol Au Quebec Billig Cheap Stromectol Detroit Where To Purchase Online Stromectol Dallas buy Plavix buy Metaglip buy Tadalafil buy Tenormin Acheter Cheap Stromectol Los Angeles Order Generic Stromectol La Mail Order Ivermectin Generic Acheter Cheap Stromectol New York Order Stromectol Pills Buy Authentic Stromectol Online Acheter Veritable Stromectol Ivermectin Cost Prescription Generic Stromectol Buy Cheap Generic Stromectol Order Cheap Stromectol Sweden Buy Cheap Genuine Ivermectin Purchase Online Stromectol Holland Beställ Cheap Stromectol La Purchase Cheap Stromectol San Francisco Online Stromectol Purchase Ivermectin Online For Sale No Prescription Where To Purchase Cheap Stromectol Uae Ivermectin Where To Buy Köp Generic Stromectol Suomi Cheapest Real Stromectol Stromectol Kopen Zonder Recept Achat Stromectol Au Quebec Buy Stromectol Paypal Payment Köp Generic Stromectol Dallas Where To Get Generic Stromectol Paris Cuanto Tiempo Antes Tomar Ivermectin Where To Purchase Generic Stromectol Holland Buy Online Ivermectin Cheapest Online Ivermectin Beställ Cheap Stromectol Sverige Beställ Generic Stromectol L’espagne Purchase Cheap Stromectol Inghilterra Ivermectin Buy Best Order Cheap Stromectol Stockholm Ivermectin Safe Buy Achat Stromectol Internet Avis Can I Buy Stromectol Online Stromectol Generico Achat How To Buy Cheap Stromectol Online No Prescription Achat Cheap Stromectol Chicago Cheapest Place Buy Stromectol Online Acheter Online Stromectol Finland Ivermectin Buying Internet Achat Cheap Stromectol Toronto Qui Acheter Ivermectin Internet Where To Get Cheap Stromectol Suisse Cheap Stromectol Order Stromectol Online No Prescription Buy Stromectol Cheap Generic Achat Generic Stromectol Angleterre Boston Stromectol Where To Order Cost For Ivermectin Per Pill Buy Stromectol Online Best Place Achat Stromectol Par Internet Ivermectin Generic Cheap Buy Ivermectin For Cheap From Us Pharmacy Buy Stromectol Next Day Delivery Stromectol Genuine Sale Stromectol Best Place To Buy Online Billig Generic Stromectol Zürich Buy Brand Name Stromectol Buy Stromectol Generic On Line Generic Ivermectin Cheapest Prices Acheter Ivermectin Site Français buy Sumatriptan Generisk Adalat generic Noroxin cheap Rogaine c1fHbH Related Posts Safe & Secure Order Processing – cheap Atenolol Price – Express Delivery Ainda não conhece o Dou.pt? Impossível… Generique Suhagra En France – Meilleurs prix Pharmacie Approuvé – Acheter Celebrex Générique En France – Les meilleurs médicaments de qualité Pas De Pharmacie Rx * Prix Sumycin 250 mg En France * Livraison gratuite Airmail Ou Courier Inköp Metaglip 2.5 mg Frankrike * Visa, Mc, Amex är tillgänglig * Bästa Stället Att Köpa Generika Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Beställa Glipizide/Metformin Billigaste Kanadensiska... Anterior prix moins chère - Cymbalta En Ligne Belgique - Commande... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Aerosol Therapy Market Foreseen to Grow Exponentially Over 2016 – 2024 : Persistence Market Research Aerosol is suspension of liquid or solid particles in a carrier gas, which makes use of it for treatment of respiratory system related diseases. Different forms of drugs can be utilized for aerosol therapy such as solid particles, liquid particles, solutions, and suspensions. Until recently, aerosol therapy concentrated primarily on treatment of asthma and COPD for which, pressurized metered-dose inhaler device was used. However, the role of aerosol therapy is expanding beyond the initial focus. This expansion eliminated CFC-based traditional metered-dose inhalers devices. This will ultimately boost the market growth of aerosol therapy in the field of gene therapy, inhalation therapy and vaccination. Aerosol therapy is a natural and easiest way to treat asthma, COPD, cystic fibrosis, and broncho pulmonary dysplasia (BPD). Aerosol therapy is also used to deliver insulin, vaccines of influenza and measles, and pain medications. Aerosol treatment therapy gives an excellent and cost-efficient drug delivery. This therapy is effective for patients who cannot use metered-dose inhalers; primary inhalation devices are produced that guarantee breath-actuated aerosol delivery with minimal side effects. Aerosol therapy provides a fast and non-invasive way for treatment of lung disorders as the drug is delivered at the receptor site. Effectiveness of the therapy depends on how deeply aerosol particles infiltrate into the bronchial track and where the particles are deposited. A particle size under 2μm is ideal and can permeate up to the peripheral airways. That is why most commercially available aerosol devices produce droplets of roughly this size. As per the World Health Organization, about half the cases of asthma and COPD are due to hereditary weakness and the other cases are due to environmental factors. The effect of pollution is likely to intensify globally along with industrialization of areas, and increasing the number of vehicles. Current government activities and rising healthcare investments are drivers of aerosol therapy market, which would upgrade over the examination time frame. Increasing prices are major factor that is restraining the growth of the market in terms of value. Currently metered dose inhaler majorly contributes to the market and is expected to dominate the market over the forecast period. As per the data, COPD is third leading cause of death and fifth leading cause of disability. Also, factors like increasing pollution, improper lifestyles are the factors that drive the growth of the market. On the basis of regional presence, global aerosol therapy market is segmented into five key regions viz. North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa. Asthma symptoms were detected in 26 million persons who live in the U.S., of which, 19 million comprise adults and 7 million comprise children. With this rate, North America is expected to dominate the market. Asia Pacific (mostly China and India) market is estimated to grow at a relatively fast rate over the forecast period. A Sample of this Report is Available Upon Request @http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11944 The largest manufacturers of aerosol therapy devices are Merck, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, GlaxoSmithKline, and AstraZeneca Plc. In 2001, SmithKline Beecham and GlaxoWellcome merged together and became GlaxoSmithKline, who became a key player in this field. Also, Novartis AGTeva Pharmaceuticals, Opko Health, Omron Healthcare Co., Covidien plc., GE Healthcare Ltd., Philips Healthcare, Agilent Technologies, Inc. Ltd, GF Health Products, Inc. are other important players in this market. Request to View Tables of Content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/11944 CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerosol Therapy Market, Google News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Engility Awarded Prime Position on $200 Million Department of Transportation IDIQ Next PostNext Industrial Wax Market Estimated to grow at a Healthy CAGR by 2022 Search Recent Posts ADTRAN, Inc. Reports Record Results for the First Quarter 2017 and Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend A PILOT’S LIFE: FROM A CHILDHOOD DREAM TO AN INCREASINGLY REWARDING REALITY Free 30 Day Trial SEO campaign Herbal Tea – Global Industry Size, Share, Trends, Analysis and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Global Cellular Communication Routers Market 2017 – Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Mais um site WordPress Toggle navigation Home Greensavers Greensavers: Análise Análise GS: Rapper Will.i.am foi a Oxford falar de alterações climáticas. Mas apareceu de helicóptero. Análise GS: O perfil do consultor de sustentabilidade Emprego: Agora é uma cidade alemã que quer contratar (muitos) portugueses Green Savers TV Rio+20: que futuro quer para o Planeta (VÍDEO) Angola: crianças completam a frase “se eu mandasse no mundo…” (VÍDEO) Dica: como poupar €55 (R$143) por ano em água (VÍDEO) Insólito Big Major Cay: a ilha das Bahamas onde suínos e humanos podem nadar juntos Coelho com doença rara causadora de chifres na cabeça fotografado (com FOTOS) Cão responde a ordens do dono mudando a expressão facial (com VÍDEO) Opinião Opinião de Luís Gil, LNEG: A cortiça e o sequestro de carbono Opinião, Álvaro Cidrais: “Maldita Educação” Carolina Afonso: Os novos paradigmas do consumo sustentável Tecnologia Londres transforma cabines telefónicas icónicas em pontos de carregamento solar Nova aplicação permite diagnóstico médico via smartphone Angola: tecnologias ambientais crescem 75% entre 2011 e 2013 Ambiente Ambiente: Ambiente Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Alterações Climáticas Humanidade começou a poluir a atmosfera há pelo menos 500 anos Sustentabilidade da Hidroeléctrica do Gove distinguida pelas Nações Unidas China vai abater milhões de carros para melhorar a qualidade do ar Biodiversidade Nova espécie de “mini-tubarão” descoberta no Golfo do México (com FOTOS) Japonês volta a Fukushima para alimentar os animais que todos abandonaram (com FOTOS) Cervo “vampiro” de Caxemira considerado extinto avistado pela primeira vez desde 1948 Educação Ambiental Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Tijolos tipo Lego vão levar reflorestação, acesso a água potável e educação aos mais carenciados Universidade angolana abre novo programa de bolsas Política Índia culpa activistas ambientais pelos problemas económicos do país Como será África em 2063? Vinte mil animais foram mortos em Nova Iorque nos últimos dois anos Reciclagem Ambientalista defende que lixo electrónico angolano tem sido gerido de forma incorrecta Adidas lança ténis feitos de papelão reciclado em Abril de 2014 Chitato vai contratar nova empresa para recolher e tratar resíduos sólidos Recursos Naturais Preços elevados do ouro estão a impulsionar a desflorestação na América do Sul Será que esta luxuosa embalagem o convencerá a comer o que está no interior? Angola: terrenos da reserva fundiária de Kaluapanda estão livres de minas Cidades Cidades: Interior do País Mauritânia: êxodo rural está a perturbar a ordem social e deixar aldeias sem homens Trabalhar a partir de casa será o futuro da mobilidade sustentável Construção Construção: Eco Design Sol-Char, a sanita sustentável Já plantou um lápis? Veja como o pode fazer. Corticeira Amorim desafia designers a criarem novas aplicações para a cortiça Edifícios Ateliê francês constrói casa sustentável em quatro dias (com FOTOS) Casa orquídea prevê mudar conceito habitacional em Taiwan (com FOTOS) Primeiro hotel subaquático africano inaugurado na Tanzânia (com FOTOS) Energia Energia: Eficiência Energética EcoBreeze vai reduzir o consumo de energia nos centros de dados Fim das lâmpadas incandescentes significaria o encerramento de 250 centrais de carvão 4 tendências para a utilização de energia pelas grandes empresas Energias Alternativas Quénia vai ter a maior central geotérmica de turbina única do mundo Produção de biocombustíveis poderá aumentar doenças transmitidas por mosquitos Filme denuncia fracturação hidráulica na segunda maior reserva de vida selvagem do planeta Energias Renováveis A garrafa reciclada que se transforma numa lâmpada solar (com FOTOS) Angola aposta nas renováveis para solucionar problemas energéticos Alemanha: 74% da energia utilizada no penúltimo fim-de-semana foi renovável Dicas 20 dicas para poupar na luz e no gás Poupança As 10 melhores fotos da Hora do Planeta Wonderbag: um saco que reduz os gastos energéticos a cozinhar em 30% (com fotos) LED vai dominar mercado da iluminação em 2015 Mobilidade Mobilidade: Mobilidade Individual Ford pesquisa carro movido a energia solar para uso diário Londres tem o estacionamento mais caro do mundo A app que prevê os congestionamentos de trânsito Bicicletas Antigo futebolista cria bicicleta de madeira em homenagem a Eusébio (com VÍDEO) Uma bicicleta prática e amiga do ambiente (com FOTOS) Serra Leoa: Mudança na legislação melhora a reputação dos condutores de mototáxis Transportes Públicos Linha férrea vai ligar Angola e Moçambique Japão prepara construção de linha para novo comboio de levitação magnética Investidores chineses vão financiar construção de ferrovias em África Veículos Eléctricos Sistemas de partilha de carros conquistam as empresas Nova Iorque quer 10 mil novos lugares para carros eléctricos Toyota e Microsoft preparam skate eléctrico controlado por gestos Nutrição Nutrição: Hortas Urbanas Serviço público ecológico: ajude a nossa leitora Diana Fontoura a iniciar-se nas hortas domésticas Saúde e Bem-Estar 8 dicas para controlar o peso na Páscoa Beyonce e Jay Z serão vegans durante 22 dias Al Gore tornou-se vegan Segurança Alimentar Coca-Cola financiou estudos que desvalorizam riscos da má alimentação Angola, Brasil e Nações Unidas assinam acordo de cooperação agrónoma Angola no fundo da tabela global da qualidade alimentar (com LISTA) Social Social: Cidadania Hospital de Luanda organiza curso de formação para médicos palhaços As 50 fotos mais inspiradoras de Nelson Mandela (com FOTOS) Abelhas detectam a presença de minas terrestres Comunidades As 15 estradas mais perigosas do mundo (com FOTOS) Os angolanos já valorizam a sustentabilidade dos produtos? Unesco cria programa Brasil-África para acabar com racismo Cultura Ilha de Veneza vai receber projectos de Angola TEDxLuanda regressa a 14 de Junho A obra de arte que se estende nas areias do Sáara (com FOTOS) Eventos Rio+20 chega a Lisboa no próximo dia 14 de Maio Ligando os Pontos: a nova acção global da 350 realiza-se no sábado Rio+20: Brasil vai organizar o Dia Sanduíche. Saiba o que é. Inclusão Social Empresa japonesa desenha carro para cenários de tsunami (com FOTOS) ONU está a utilizar programas de inclusão financeira em África para combater a pobreza rural Bill Gates: em 2035 não haverá países pobres Vida Saudável Vacina experimental contra o ébola já seguiu para a Libéria Londres: quem vive junto de árvores toma menos antidepressivos Ébola poderá infectar entre 550 mil e 1,4 milhões de pessoas até Janeiro de 2015 Voluntariado Projecto de conservação salva crias de pinguins africanos Empresa portuguesa responsável por campanha pela desminagem Empresas lucram com a solidariedade social que promovem Economia Economia: Economia Verde Évora, Portugal: uma lixeira que se transformou em quinta solar (com VÍDEO) Minuto Verde chega pela primeira vez a Angola em 2013 Transição para a Economia Verde pode criar 60 milhões novos empregos Empresas Hugo Bizarro: “Aprender com erros e sucessos de Portugal pode ser um bom caminho para o desenvolvimento da indústria e serviços em Angola” Reviva debate profissionalização da indústria e serviços e o crescimento de Angola A importância da sustentabilidade para o comércio (parte 3) Ética Empresarial H&M chega a África Primeiro hotel em África a obter certificação de turismo responsável é em São Tomé e Príncipe Panasonic oferece 100 mil lanternas solares aos países sem electricidade Inovação Cientistas descobrem mecanismo que causa o “cheiro da chuva” The Real Thing: a máquina que transforma Coca-Cola em água potável (com FOTOS) Jovem nigeriano cria carro movido a energia solar e eólica (com FOTOS) Save Time And Money :: Buy 50 mg Cozaar generic Cátia Fernandes Sem categoria 18 de Abril de 2017 Buy 50 mg Cozaar generic Generic Cozaar Best Place To Order Cheap Cozaar. Cozaar (losartan) is used to treat high blood pressure. It is also used to reduce the risk of stroke in certain patients with high blood pressure and for treating kidney disease in certain patients with type 2 diabetes.  Order Generic Cozaar here for a fraction of the regular cost! Generic Cozaar may also be marketed as: Losartan *Cozaar® is a registered trademark of Merck & Co. Rating 4.1 stars, based on 118 comments Price start from $0.88 Per pill Follow this link to Order Generic Cozaar (Losartan) NOW! Losartan Cost Pill Buy Losartan Over Internet Beställ Generic Cozaar San Diego Cheap Losartan Shop Uk Generic Cozaar Where To Order Köp Generic Cozaar Spain Buy Female Cozaar Cozaar Generic Acheter Combien Cheap Cozaar Chicago Buy Losartan Shop Acheter Losartan Pas Cher Cozaar Order Mastercard buy Periactin buy Levothyroxine Achat Mobic En Ligne Suisse Finasteride Ou Acheter Cheapest Genuine Losartan Safe Site Purchase Cozaar Cozaar Sale Losartan Generic Buy Cheap Acheter Generic Cozaar Los Angeles Purchase Cozaar Prescription No Prescription Losartan Cheap Achat Cheap Cozaar Dallas Acheter Losartan Mastercard Losartan Order Online No Prescription Purchase Losartan Online Pharmacy Order Online Cozaar Finland Costo Del Medicamento Cozaar Cheapest Way Get Losartan Buy Cozaar Online Legal Purchase Cheap Cozaar Belgium Where To Purchase Cheap Cozaar Dallas Achat Generic Cozaar L’espagne Buy Online Cozaar Norway Buy Online Cozaar España Where To Buy Cozaar Cheap Billig Online Cozaar Inghilterra Cheap Losartan Buy Online Cheap Cozaar Suppliers Buy Cozaar Without Doctor Prescription Beställ Online Cozaar Spain Where To Get Generic Cozaar Us Order Cheap Cozaar Ny Combien Online Cozaar Sweden Where To Order Generic Cozaar Inglaterra Köp Cheap Cozaar France Cozaar Pas Cher Acheter Where To Order Cheap Cozaar France Where To Get Cheap Cozaar San Diego Beställ Cheap Cozaar Netherlands Can I Buy Cozaar Over The Counter Billig Online Cozaar Sverige Safe Place To Buy Cozaar Online Medicament Cozaar Acheter Acheter Generic Cozaar Chicago Buy Generic Cozaar Overnight How Much Cozaar Costs Order Online Cozaar Angleterre Where To Purchase Generic Cozaar Sweden Buy Losartan Online With A Prescription Buy Losartan Online Fast Shipping Order Cozaar Cheap Online No Prescription Combien Generic Cozaar Houston Purchase Generic Cozaar Europe Safe Place Order Losartan Online Costo Losartan Venezuela Online Cozaar For Sale Where To Order Generic Cozaar Detroit Do You Need A Prescription To Buy Cozaar Purchase Online Cozaar Toronto Can You Really Buy Cozaar Online Cozaar On Sale Online Buy Losartan Pharmacy cheap Celebrex kutlayinsaat.com Ou acheter Alesse en France buy Silagra mectech.com.vn CsIlQgq Related Posts Supporto clienti 24/7 – Ordine Zofran Generico In linea – trasporto di posta aerea Nimotop Comprimé. Remise sur Réorganise. Payer Par BTC Análise Green Savers: John Sculley, o homem que despediu Steve Jobs Tadalis Vente En Ligne France :: Livraison dans le monde (1-3 Jours) :: Doctor Consultations gratuites Économisez temps et argent Prednisone 10 mg Sur Le Net BitCoin accettate – Valacyclovir 1000 mg Acquistare Generico – spedizione garantito Partilhar facebook twitter google+ pinterest linkedin email Tweet Achat Mobic En Ligne Suisse Pharmacie Approuvé Anterior Quanto costa Trinidazole 300 mg Generico :: Di trasporto... Seguinte Cátia Fernandes Newsletter Acompanhe as nossas novidades Subscrever Cancelar subscrição Siga-nos Facebook Twitter Linkedin Patrocinadores Contactos Sobre Cabo Verde Portugal Moçambique Projetos:
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Jean-Luc Mélenchon barges way into tight French presidential race Le Pen steps up anti-immigration rhetoric ahead of French election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order US admits Trump tax reforms will be hit by healthcare setback Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Trump moves to push ‘Hire American’ agenda Trump congratulates Erdogan on controversial referendum victory Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Weetabix to be sold to US group Post Holdings for $1.76bn Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya faces extradition after London arrest Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election The market indicators to watch in France’s presidential election Pound leaps to 10-week higher after UK snap election plan Active fund managers can add value but price is still too high Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and the risk of nuclear miscalculation Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe May is the most culturally conservative leader since Thatcher London’s housing crisis is abetted by illicit funds Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub The best advice for parents at the start of term Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Business school students find voices in an age of protest Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not Watch it while it lasts: our golden age of television London life: what should you give to ‘homeless’ people? We’re going on an au pair hunt Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Special Report Neglected Tropical Diseases Explore the whole Special Report Currently reading: More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Chagas disease: The Brazilian forest bites back Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China Snail fever: the threat in Suriname’s water Philanthropy: the search for the best way to give ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana See all 14 stories Neglected tropical diseases Add to myFT More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers Pharma companies must share intellectual property to spur the development of new treatments In their hands: drugmakers say they are under commercial pressure, but critics say they could do more to share resources © Graham Jepson Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save April 18, 2017 by: Gonzalo Viña In 2012, the London Declaration on neglected tropical diseases targeted 10 of the 17 diseases then prioritised by the World Health Organisation. The hope among the drugmakers, government agencies and aid groups that signed the declaration was that these diseases would be classed as “under control” by 2020, with lymphatic filariasis, blinding trachoma, leprosy and sleeping sickness eliminated as public health problems and guinea worm disease eradicated. But while the signatories pledged more than 5bn drug doses and nearly $18bn, finding the resources to develop new diagnostic tools and treatments has proved difficult. Some fear the goals will probably not be met. Médecins Sans Frontières, the medical relief organisation, said last year “significant gaps” in the availability of drugs had resulted in “preventable” deaths in as many as 60 countries. “The predominant model of the pharma industry does not incentivise them to pour resources into the development of new drugs for neglected diseases, so an adaptation of the model is required,” says Julien Potet, a policy adviser on NTDs and vaccines at MSF in Paris. The problems are manifold: commercial pressures on drugmakers continue to limit the amount of money they are prepared to devote to tackling tropical diseases. Campaigners say more could also be done to share resources, expertise and, crucially, intellectual property to spur the development of new treatments. Where pharma companies have been reluctant to invest in the development of new treatments, public and philanthropic donors have stepped in to “de-risk” the often large upfront costs of developing and testing drugs. The Drugs for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DNDI), which MSF helped to establish in 2003 to drive research and development in the sector, is one example. Potet questions the $1bn average price tag the industry attaches to developing a new treatment. He says the DNDI has brought six new treatments to the market at a cost of about $200m, to treat Chagas disease and sleeping sickness among others. The DNDI plans to deliver as many as 18 new treatments by 2023 for €650m, he says, as it attempts to encourage companies to open up their intellectual property libraries so that secret drug molecule structures can be shared without being revealed to competitors. Serge Sagodira, the DNDI’s director of business development, says developing treatments for neglected tropical diseases requires this collaboration in way that is not needed for other diseases. “Working on parasites is not the same as working on oncology or diabetes,” he says. “When you start the discovery programme you don’t have the same chance of success, so you need to increase your efforts by tapping into pharma companies’ libraries.” Mapping the areas where a disease is prevalent and developing cheap, innovative diagnostic tools has been another challenge, says Larry Slutsker, who leads the malaria and neglected tropical diseases programmes at Path, a California-based non-profit organisation. He predicts “some potential big successes in the next five to 10 years” and “game-changing” breakthroughs that may be one or two years away to block the transmission of lymphatic filariasis, for example. By adding one more drug to the treatment, he says, “it looks like you can dramatically shorten the time from transmission to interruption”. Similarly, diagnosis work on sleeping sickness has seen progress thanks to funding from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and could be eliminated within five years, Slutsker says. Prospects for other diseases are less positive. Onchocerciasis, or river blindness, will continue to afflict Africa, he says, while soil-transmitted helminthiases and schistosomiasis (or snail fever) will remain prevalent given that they are worsened by poor sanitation, which remains a problem both in the developing world and in poor communities in richer nations. For all the difficulties, Jayasree Iyer, who heads the Access to Medicine Foundation in the Netherlands, says she has seen examples of positive engagement by pharma companies in recent years, such as AbbVie. Others, including Astellas Pharma, together with TI Pharma, Merck and the Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute, have refined their treatments for diseases such as schistosomiasis. In 2014, Bayer granted permission for the DNDI to use its active ingredient emodepside to develop an oral drug to treat onchocerciasis. Generic drugmakers also have a role to play in making off-patent, high-quality treatments available to poor countries at more affordable prices. Sandoz, the generics arm of Switzerland’s Novartis, aims to get its treatments to 1bn people over the next few years, almost doubling its reach since 2016. But, notes chief executive Richard Francis: “[Efforts have] to be sustainable. We don’t go into a population with a treatment and then say we can’t really afford this. I’d rather not go in.” Sample the FT’s top stories for a week You select the topic, we deliver the news. Select topic Select topic Top Stories Brexit US Election 2016 China slowdown Millennial Economy March of the Robot Plunging oil price Global Terror Tech disruption Advertising Connected Cars Enter email address Invalid email Sign up By signing up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions, cookie policy and privacy policy. Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017. All rights reserved. You may share using our article tools. Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web. Share on Twitter (opens new window) Share on Facebook (opens new window) Share on LinkedIn (opens new window) Share on Whatsapp (opens new window) Print this page Save READ MORE A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Explore the Special Report ABOUT THIS Special Report Neglected tropical diseases affect more than a billion people. These diseases of the poor are notorious for their disabling symptoms. Progress has been slow, but the drug industry and communities are redoubling efforts to eliminate treatable conditions Currently reading: More engagement on neglected tropical diseases needed from drugmakers A mysterious leishmaniasis outbreak in Spain Chagas disease: The Brazilian forest bites back Pioneering surgery on the plains of Western China Snail fever: the threat in Suriname’s water Philanthropy: the search for the best way to give ‘We didn’t know we would go blind’: fighting onchocerciasis in Ghana See all 14 stories Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
