null
null

Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MERCK & CO AKTIE»Merck Announces Longer-Term Follow-Up of Overall Survival Data for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in Patients with Advanced Melanoma from KEYNOTE-002 Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress MERCK & CO INC 58,74  Euro -0,822 -1,38 % WKN: A0YD8Q  ISIN: US58933Y1055 Ticker-Symbol: 6MK  Frankfurt | 11.11.16 | 16:56 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BranchePharma AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 58,58 59,17 13.11. 58,80 59,07 11.11. 08.10.2016 | 14:45 (15 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Merck Announces Longer-Term Follow-Up of Overall Survival Data for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in Patients with Advanced Melanoma from KEYNOTE-002 Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress Data Comparing KEYTRUDA to Chemotherapy Shows Continued Benefit with Follow-Up Beyond 2.5 Years in Patients with Ipilimumab-Refractory Advanced Melanoma Merck (NYSE:MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced findings from the final overall survival (OS) analysis from the KEYNOTE-002 study investigating the use of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), the company's anti-PD-1 therapy, compared to investigator-choice chemotherapy with a crossover to KEYTRUDA design, in patients with ipilimumab-refractory advanced melanoma. Results presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology, in Copenhagen include follow-up of up to 35 months for the study's co-primary endpoints of OS and progression-free survival (PFS). Data showed prolonged OS with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg), with a median OS of 13.4 months and 14.7 months and a two-year OS rate of 35.9 percent and 38.2 percent, respectively, compared to a median OS of 11.0 months and a two-year OS rate of 29.7 percent with chemotherapy. "Now, with longer follow-up, we continue to show clinically meaningful outcomes with KEYTRUDA as monotherapy in these ipilimumab-refractory patients," said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. "These results provide further evidence supporting the use of KEYTRUDA as a standard of care for patients with advanced melanoma." Today, KEYTRUDA is approved for the treatment of advanced melanoma in more than 50 countries, including the United States and throughout Europe. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical studies, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) with other cancer treatments. The final analysis from KEYNOTE-002 is being presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress by Dr. Omid Hamid, director of the Melanoma Center at The Angeles Clinic and Research Institute, on Oct. 8 from 2:45 4:15 p.m. CEST (Abstract: #1107O). Additional Findings from KEYNOTE-002 KEYNOTE-002 is a multicenter, randomized, controlled phase 2 study of KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg every three weeks) compared to investigator's choice chemotherapy (paclitaxel plus carboplatin, paclitaxel, carboplatin, dacarbazine, or temozolomide) in patients with ipilimumab-refractory advanced melanoma (n=540). The co-primary endpoints were PFS and OS; secondary endpoints included overall response rate (ORR), duration of response, and safety. Tumor response was assessed at week 12, then every six weeks through week 48, followed by every 12 weeks thereafter as assessed by independent central review using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) v1.1. Per the study protocol, after three months, patients who experienced disease progression on the chemotherapy arm were eligible to cross over to receive KEYTRUDA. In total, 55 percent (n=98/179) of patients in the chemotherapy arm crossed over to receive KEYTRUDA monotherapy. In the final analysis, which included the 98 patients who crossed over from the chemotherapy arm to receive KEYTRUDA, the median OS was 13.4 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg (95% CI, 11.0-16.4 months) and 14.7 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg (95% CI 11.3-19.5 months), compared to 11.0 months with chemotherapy (95% CI, 8.9-13.8 months) (hazard ratio: 0.86 [95% CI, 0.67-1.10; p=0.1173] and hazard ratio: 0.74 [95% CI, 0.57-0.96; p=0.0106], respectively); the two-year (24-month) OS rate was 35.9 percent and 38.2 percent with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively), compared to 29.7 percent with chemotherapy. While improvements in OS between KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg or 10 mg/kg) and chemotherapy did not meet the protocol-specified significance threshold, longer follow-up continued to show a clinically meaningful improvement in PFS, the study's co-primary endpoint, with PFS of up to 31 months in patients treated with KEYTRUDA. Median PFS was approximately three months for each of the patient groups (95% CI of 2.8-3.8 months with KEYTRUDA 2 mg/kg; 95% CI of 2.8-5.2 months with KEYTRUDA 10 mg/kg; and 95% CI of 2.6-2.8 months with chemotherapy) (hazard ratio: 0.58 [95% CI, 0.46-0.73; p<0.0001] and hazard ratio: 0.47 [95% CI, 0.37-0.60; p<0.0001], respectively). The two-year PFS rate was 16.0 percent and 21.9 percent with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively), compared to less than one percent (0.6 percent) of patients treated with chemotherapy. ORR was 22.2 percent and 27.6 percent with KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively), compared to 4.5 percent with chemotherapy. At the time of analysis, 50 percent and 58 percent of patients who responded to KEYTRUDA (2 mg/kg and 10 mg/kg, respectively) were alive with no subsequent progression or anti-tumor therapy, compared to 12 percent of patients who responded to chemotherapy. With longer follow-up, adverse events have remained consistent with previously reported safety data. Treatment-related immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 were pneumonitis, colitis (10 mg/kg only), adrenal insufficiency, severe skin toxicity, hypophysitis, hepatitis, nephritis (2 mg/kg only), pancreatitis (10 mg/kg only), and myasthenia (10 mg/kg only). About Melanoma Melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer, is characterized by the uncontrolled growth of pigment-producing cells. The incidence of melanoma has been increasing over the past four decades approximately 232,000 new cases were diagnosed worldwide in 2012. In the U.S., melanoma is one of the most common types of cancer diagnosed and is responsible for the vast majority of skin cancer deaths. In 2016, an estimated 76,380 people are expected to be diagnosed and an estimated 10,130 people are expected to die of the disease in the U.S. alone. The five-year survival rates for advanced or metastatic melanoma (Stage IV) are estimated to be 15 to 20 percent. About KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body's immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in Melanoma Immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases, occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Pneumonitis occurred in 32 (2.0%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (0.8%), and 3 (0.4%) pneumonitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 31 (2%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.5%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (0.1%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in 16 (1%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.7%), and 4 (0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 13 (0.8%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.3%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (0.1%) hypophysitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 51 (3.3%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.6%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 127 (8.1%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in 7 (0.4%) of 1567 patients, including Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.2%), and 4 (0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 1567 patients: arthritis (1.6%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients; the most common (=1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (=1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey from lab to clinic to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the "company") includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company's ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company's patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC's Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161008005027/en/ Contacts: Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Kim Hamilton, 908-740-1863 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu MERCK & CO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 02:43 Merck's triple combo HCV candidate achieves cure rates as high as 100% in mid-stage studies ► Artikel lesen So 1832 Asset Management L.P. Raises Stake in Merck & Co. ► Artikel lesen Fr BMS' Opdivo evens the head-and-neck cancer score with Merck's Keytruda ► Artikel lesen Fr Merck & Co. EVP Sells €5,133,090.46 in Stock ► Artikel lesen Fr Why You Should (and Shouldn't) Buy Merck ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart MERCK & CO INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % MERCK & CO INC 58,74 -1,38 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 11/13 Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 11/13 ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 11/13 May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 11/13 Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 11/13 Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release New KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) Data in Advanced Urothelial Cancer Demonstrate Overall Response Rate of 24 Percent in Cisplatin-Ineligible Patients By Published: Oct 8, 2016 2:15 a.m. ET Share Results from Interim Analysis of Phase 2 KEYNOTE-052 Study to be Presented at ESMO 2016 Congress and Highlighted in ESMO Press ProgramFirst Presentation of Data Investigating KEYTRUDA in the Front Line Treatment of Bladder Cancer KENILWORTH, N.J., Oct 08, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck MRK, -1.55% known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, today announced positive findings from the phase 2 KEYNOTE-052 study investigating the use of KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab), the company’s anti-PD-1 therapy, in previously untreated patients with unresectable (inoperable) or metastatic urothelial cancer who are ineligible for cisplatin-based therapy. Data presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress, the annual meeting of the European Society for Medical Oncology, showed an overall response rate (ORR) of 24 percent (n=24/100) (95% CI, 16-34) in the total study population, which included patients with and without PD-L1 expression. “We have a growing body of evidence of KEYTRUDA’s activity in a range of cancers and treatment settings including the first-line treatment of patients with advanced urothelial cancer who will not tolerate cisplatin-based therapy,” said Dr. Roger Dansey, senior vice president, oncology late-stage development, Merck Research Laboratories. The KEYTRUDA clinical development program includes more than 30 tumor types in more than 350 clinical studies, including more than 100 trials that combine KEYTRUDA with other cancer treatments. Merck has the largest immuno-oncology clinical development program in bladder cancer with 27 trials involving KEYTRUDA, including four registration-enabling studies currently underway. “There have been very few advancements in the treatment of bladder cancer in the past several decades, and patients with urothelial cancer who are ineligible for cisplatin-based therapy are in significant need of new approaches to care,” said Dr. Dean F. Bajorin, study investigator and medical oncologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. “These data are exciting and demonstrate the potential for an anti-PD-1 therapy, such as pembrolizumab, to address the unmet treatment need that exists today for cisplatin-ineligible patients with this type of urothelial cancer.” Findings from KEYNOTE-052 are being presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress by Dr. Arjun V. Balar, medical oncologist and assistant professor of medicine at the Perlmutter Cancer Center at NYU Langone Medical Center, on Oct. 8 from 9:30 – 9:45 a.m. CEST (abstract:# LBA32_PR) and are featured in the official ESMO press program. Additional Findings from KEYNOTE-052 KEYNOTE-052 is an open-label, phase 2 study evaluating KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) (200 mg every three weeks) monotherapy as a first-line treatment in an estimated 350 patients with unresectable (inoperable) or metastatic urothelial cancer (a type of bladder cancer) who are ineligible for cisplatin-based therapy. The primary endpoints include ORR in all patients enrolled in the study (total study population) and in patients with PD-L1 positive tumors (expression of one percent or more). Secondary endpoints include duration of response, progression-free survival (PFS), and overall survival (OS). Tumor response was measured according to RECIST (Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors) v1.1 as assessed by blinded independent central review. Findings presented at the ESMO 2016 Congress are from the planned interim analysis of the first 100 patients, which was intended to evaluate ORR and determine the PD-L1-high expression cut-point as examined by expression in tumor and immune cells. Forty-five percent of patients (n=45/100) had an ECOG (Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group) Performance Status (PS) score of two, 30 percent (n=30/100) had a PS score of one, and 24 percent (n=24/100) had a PS score of zero. In the total study population, ORR was 24 percent (n=24/100) (95% CI, 16-34) with a complete response rate of six percent (n=6/100) (95% CI, 2-13). Review of the outcomes based on PD-L1 expression showed that in patients with PD-L1 expression of less than one percent, ORR was 18 percent (n=6/33) (95% CI, 7-36) with a complete response rate of three percent (n=1/33) (95% CI, 0.1-16); in patients with PD-L1 expression greater than or equal to one percent and less than 10 percent, ORR was 15 percent (n=5/33) (95% CI, 5-32) with no complete responses; and, in patients expressing PD-L1 at levels equal to or greater than 10 percent, ORR was 37 percent (n=11/30) (95% CI, 20-56) with a complete response rate of 13 percent (n=4/30) (95% CI, 4-31). Among the 24 percent of patients in the total study population who were responding to treatment, the median duration of response had not been reached (range 1.4+ to 9.8+ months), with 83 percent of patients (n=20/24) having responses of six months or longer. The safety profile of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) was consistent with that observed in previously reported KEYTRUDA studies. The treatment-related adverse events observed in this trial (any grade occurring in five percent or more of patients) were fatigue (n=14), pruritus (n=12), pyrexia (n=8), decreased appetite (n=7), diarrhea (n=7), rash (n=7), chills (n=6), hypothyroidism (n=6), and nausea (n=6). Grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events observed (occurring in 2 or more patients) were fatigue (n=4), muscle spasms (n=2), decreased appetite (n=1), and diarrhea (n=1). Immune-mediated adverse events of Grade 3-4 were nephritis (n=1) and pneumonitis (n=2). Five patients discontinued due to a treatment-related adverse event; there were no treatment-related deaths. About Bladder Cancer Bladder cancer begins when cells in the urinary bladder start to grow uncontrollably. As more cancer cells develop, they can form a tumor and spread to other areas of the body. Urothelial carcinoma, the most common type of bladder cancer, starts in the urothelial cells that line the inside of the bladder. In 2012, approximately 430,000 people worldwide were diagnosed with bladder cancer and 165,000 died from the disease. The incidence of bladder cancer is elevated in North America, Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, Australia and New Zealand. About KEYTRUDA [®] (pembrolizumab) KEYTRUDA is a humanized monoclonal antibody that works by increasing the ability of the body’s immune system to help detect and fight tumor cells. KEYTRUDA blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2, thereby activating T lymphocytes which may affect both tumor cells and healthy cells. KEYTRUDA is administered as an intravenous infusion over 30 minutes every three weeks for the approved indications. KEYTRUDA for injection is supplied in a 100 mg single use vial. KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) Indications and Dosing Melanoma KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Lung Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy, at a dose of 2 mg/kg every three weeks. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not yet been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Head and Neck Cancer KEYTRUDA is indicated for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy at a fixed dose of 200 mg every three weeks. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. Selected Important Safety Information for KEYTRUDA [®]  (pembrolizumab) Immune-mediated pneumonitis, including fatal cases, occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Pneumonitis occurred in 32 (2.0%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 1 (0.8%), 2 (0.8%), and 3 (0.4%) pneumonitis. Pneumonitis occurred in 19 (3.5%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (1.1%), 3 (1.3%), 4 (0.4%), or 5 (0.2%) pneumonitis and more frequently in patients with a history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (5.4%) or prior thoracic radiation (6.0%). Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of pneumonitis. Evaluate suspected pneumonitis with radiographic imaging. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater pneumonitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) for Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent Grade 2 pneumonitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 31 (2%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.5%), 3 (1.1%), and 4 (0.1%) colitis. Immune-mediated colitis occurred in 4 (0.7%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (0.2%) or 3 (0.4%) colitis. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater colitis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2 or 3; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 4 colitis. Immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA. Hepatitis occurred in 16 (1%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.1%), 3 (0.7%), and 4 (0.1%) hepatitis. Monitor patients for changes in liver function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater hepatitis and, based on severity of liver enzyme elevations, withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA. Hypophysitis occurred in 13 (0.8%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.3%), 3 (0.3%), and 4 (0.1%) hypophysitis. Hypophysitis occurred in 1 (0.2 %) of 550 patients with NSCLC, which was Grade 3 in severity. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis (including hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency). Administer corticosteroids and hormone replacement as clinically indicated. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; withhold or discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 hypophysitis. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 51 (3.3%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 2 (0.6%) and 3 (0.1%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 127 (8.1%) of 1567 patients with melanoma, including Grade 3 (0.1%) hypothyroidism. Hyperthyroidism occurred in 10 (1.8%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (0.7%) or 3 (0.3%) hyperthyroidism. Hypothyroidism occurred in 38 (6.9%) of 550 patients with NSCLC, including Grade 2 (5.5%) or 3 (0.2%) hypothyroidism. New or worsening hypothyroidism occurred in 28 (14.6%) of 192 patients with HNSCC, including Grade 3 (0.5%) hypothyroidism. Thyroid disorders can occur at any time during treatment. Monitor patients for changes in thyroid function (at the start of treatment, periodically during treatment, and as indicated based on clinical evaluation) and for clinical signs and symptoms of thyroid disorders. Administer replacement hormones for hypothyroidism and manage hyperthyroidism with thionamides and beta-blockers as appropriate. Withhold or discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 hyperthyroidism. Type 1 diabetes mellitus, including diabetic ketoacidosis, occurred in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for hyperglycemia or other signs and symptoms of diabetes. Administer insulin for type 1 diabetes, and withhold KEYTRUDA and administer anti-hyperglycemics in patients with severe hyperglycemia. Immune-mediated nephritis occurred in patients receiving KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). Nephritis occurred in 7 (0.4%) of 1567 patients with melanoma including, Grade 2 (0.2%), 3 (0.2%), and 4 (0.1%) nephritis. Monitor patients for changes in renal function. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater nephritis. Withhold KEYTRUDA for Grade 2; permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for Grade 3 or 4 nephritis. Other clinically important immune-mediated adverse reactions can occur. For suspected immune-mediated adverse reactions, ensure adequate evaluation to confirm etiology or exclude other causes. Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, withhold KEYTRUDA and administer corticosteroids. Upon improvement to Grade 1 or less, initiate corticosteroid taper and continue to taper over at least 1 month. Based on limited data from clinical studies in patients whose immune-related adverse reactions could not be controlled with corticosteroid use, administration of other systemic immunosuppressants can be considered. Resume KEYTRUDA when the adverse reaction remains at Grade 1 or less following corticosteroid taper. Permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA for any Grade 3 immune-mediated adverse reaction that recurs and for any life-threatening immune-mediated adverse reaction. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% (unless otherwise indicated) of 1567 patients with melanoma: arthritis (1.6%), exfoliative dermatitis, bullous pemphigoid, uveitis, myositis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, myasthenia gravis, vasculitis, pancreatitis, hemolytic anemia, and partial seizures arising in a patient with inflammatory foci in brain parenchyma. The following clinically significant, immune-mediated adverse reactions occurred in less than 1% of 550 patients with NSCLC: rash, vasculitis, hemolytic anemia, serum sickness, and myasthenia gravis. Severe and life-threatening infusion-related reactions have been reported in 3 (0.1%) of 2117 patients. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of infusion-related reactions including rigors, chills, wheezing, pruritus, flushing, rash, hypotension, hypoxemia, and fever. For Grade 3 or 4 reactions, stop infusion and permanently discontinue KEYTRUDA. Based on its mechanism of action, KEYTRUDA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman. If used during pregnancy, or if the patient becomes pregnant during treatment, apprise the patient of the potential hazard to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to use highly effective contraception during treatment and for 4 months after the last dose of KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-006, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 9% of 555 patients with advanced melanoma; adverse reactions leading to discontinuation in more than one patient were colitis (1.4%), autoimmune hepatitis (0.7%), allergic reaction (0.4%), polyneuropathy (0.4%), and cardiac failure (0.4%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) occurred in 21% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) was diarrhea (2.5%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs ipilimumab were fatigue (28% vs 28%), diarrhea (26% with KEYTRUDA), rash (24% vs 23%), and nausea (21% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for ipilimumab only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. In KEYNOTE-002, KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 12% of 357 patients with advanced melanoma; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were general physical health deterioration (1%), asthenia (1%), dyspnea (1%), pneumonitis (1%), and generalized edema (1%). Adverse reactions leading to interruption of KEYTRUDA occurred in 14% of patients; the most common (greater-than or equal to 1%) were dyspnea (1%), diarrhea (1%), and maculopapular rash (1%). The most common adverse reactions with KEYTRUDA vs chemotherapy were fatigue (43% with KEYTRUDA), pruritus (28% vs 8%), rash (24% vs 8%), constipation (22% vs 20%), nausea (22% with KEYTRUDA), diarrhea (20% vs 20%), and decreased appetite (20% with KEYTRUDA). Corresponding incidence rates are listed for chemotherapy only for those adverse reactions that occurred at the same or lower rate than with KEYTRUDA. KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 14% of 550 patients with NSCLC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 38% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pleural effusion, pneumonia, dyspnea, pulmonary embolism, and pneumonitis. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (44%), cough (29%), decreased appetite (25%), and dyspnea (23%). KEYTRUDA was discontinued due to adverse reactions in 17% of 192 patients with HNSCC. Serious adverse reactions occurred in 45% of patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pneumonia, dyspnea, confusional state, vomiting, pleural effusion, and respiratory failure. The most common adverse reactions (reported in at least 20% of patients) were fatigue (46%), decreased appetite (22%), and dyspnea (20%). It is not known whether KEYTRUDA is excreted in human milk. Because many drugs are excreted in human milk, instruct women to discontinue nursing during treatment with KEYTRUDA and for 4 months after the final dose. Safety and effectiveness of KEYTRUDA have not been established in pediatric patients. Our Focus on Cancer Our goal is to translate breakthrough science into innovative oncology medicines to help people with cancer worldwide. At Merck Oncology, helping people fight cancer is our passion and supporting accessibility to our cancer medicines is our commitment. Our focus is on pursuing research in immuno-oncology and we are accelerating every step in the journey – from lab to clinic – to potentially bring new hope to people with cancer. As part of our focus on cancer, Merck is committed to exploring the potential of immuno-oncology with one of the fastest-growing development programs in the industry. We are currently executing an expansive research program that includes more than 350 clinical trials evaluating our anti-PD-1 therapy across more than 30 tumor types. We also continue to strengthen our immuno-oncology portfolio through strategic acquisitions and are prioritizing the development of several promising immunotherapeutic candidates with the potential to improve the treatment of advanced cancers. For more information about our oncology clinical trials, visit www.merck.com/clinicaltrials. About Merck For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Through our prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and animal health products, we work with customers and operate in more than 140 countries to deliver innovative health solutions. We also demonstrate our commitment to increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships. For more information, visit www.merck.com and connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and LinkedIn. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). Please see Prescribing Information for KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) at http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_pi.pdf  and Patient Information/Medication Guide for KEYTRUDA at  http://www.merck.com/product/usa/pi_circulars/k/keytruda/keytruda_mg.pdf . View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161007005842/en/ SOURCE: Merck Merck Media: Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 or Kim Hamilton, 908-740-1863 or Investors: Teri Loxam, 908-740-1986 or Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Merck & Co. Inc. U.S.: NYSE: MRK $63.95 -1.01 (-1.55%) Volume 13.9M Open $64.08 High $64.51 Low $63.58 P/E Ratio 32.63 Div Yield 2.88 Market Cap 176.3B LatestNews

Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 11/13 Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 11/13 ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 11/13 May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 11/13 Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 11/13 Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Merck Animal Health Announces USDA Approval of Innovative Canine Flu Bivalent Vaccine By Published: Oct 7, 2016 4:05 p.m. ET Share First Vaccine to Offer Protection Against Both Strains of Canine Influenza MADISON, N.J., Oct 07, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Merck Animal Health, known as MSD Animal Health outside of the United States and Canada, today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved a license for Nobivac [®] Canine Flu Bivalent vaccine – the first vaccine to aid in the control of disease associated with both canine influenza virus (CIV) H3N2 and canine influenza virus H3N8. “Merck Animal Health has a rich history of vaccine development supported by a wealth of expertise, as well as a deep commitment to bringing innovative products to market that truly impact the health and well-being of animals,” said KJ Varma, BVSc, Ph.D., senior vice president, R&D, Merck Animal Health. “Our new bivalent canine influenza vaccine will simplify protection against this disease and is a tremendous example of our ongoing pursuit of the science of healthier animals and our dedication to providing veterinarians with new medicines and vaccines to advance optimal pet care.” CIV H3N2 was identified last year in the United States following multiple outbreaks throughout the country. Since cases were first reported in March 2015, dogs in more than half of the United States [1] have been stricken by this respiratory disease. CIV H3N8 was first diagnosed in 2004 and has impacted dogs in more than 40 states. "Dogs at risk for CIRDC (canine infectious respiratory disease complex) should be vaccinated at least yearly with both influenza strains, H3N8 and H3N2, in addition to the other causes of 'Canine Cough',” said Ronald Schultz, Ph.D., professor of pathobiological sciences at the University of Wisconsin School of Veterinary Medicine. “The occurrence of one strain or the other is unpredictable and so dogs should be protected against both. Because dogs do not maintain long duration of immunity against influenza, it is important to vaccinate them annually.” According to clinical studies by researchers at the University of Wisconsin, the CIV H3N2 may be shed for an extended period of time – up to 24 days, which is far longer than what is seen with CIV H3N8. [2]  As a result, the infection can spread quickly among social dogs in inner cities, doggie daycares, boarding facilities, dog parks, sporting and show events and any location where dogs commingle. Clinical signs of both strains of CIV in dogs include coughing, fever, lethargy and interstitial pneumonia, [3]  and can be spread by direct contact with respiratory discharge from infected dogs, through the air via a cough or sneeze and by contact with contaminated objects, such as dog bowls and clothing or by people moving between infected and uninfected dogs. [2]  The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) notes there is no evidence of transmission of the virus from dogs to people. Nobivac Canine Flu Bivalent is recommended for healthy dogs 7 weeks of age or older as an aid in the control of disease associated with canine influenza virus H3N8 and canine influenza virus H3N2. Primary immunization requires two vaccinations given two to four weeks apart. Annual revaccination with one dose is recommended. “Our commitment to animal health runs deeper than simply providing safe, high-quality products to our customers,” said Kathleen Heaney, D.V.M., executive director, companion animal technical services, Merck Animal Health. “It’s also our responsibility to help educate pet owners about potential health threats and the factors that put dogs at risk. We are actively collaborating with veterinarians to share information about CIV and the importance of prevention through vaccination, as well as sharing simple precautionary measures pet owners can take to help protect the health of their animals.” To learn more about CIV and the educational outreach initiative, visit doginfluenza.com and doginfluenza.com/ifthisdogcouldtalk.asp. About Merck Animal Health For 125 years, Merck has been a global health care leader working to help the world be well. Merck Animal Health, known as MSD Animal Health outside the United States and Canada, is the global animal health business unit of Merck. Through its commitment to the Science of Healthier Animals™, Merck Animal Health offers veterinarians, farmers, pet owners and governments one of the widest range of veterinary pharmaceuticals, vaccines and health management solutions and services. Merck Animal Health is dedicated to preserving and improving the health, well-being and performance of animals. It invests extensively in dynamic and comprehensive R&D resources and a modern, global supply chain. Merck Animal Health is present in more than 50 countries, while its products are available in some 150 markets. For more information, visit www.merck-animal-health.com or connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter at @MerckAH. Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA This news release of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, N.J., USA (the “company”) includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and health care legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward health care cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the company’s ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the company’s patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SEC’s Internet site (www.sec.gov). [1] Canine Influenza H3N2 Updates. Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine website. https://ahdc.vet.cornell.edu/news/civchicago.cfm. [2] Updates in Canine InfluenzaVirus: Management, treatment and prevention of disease. VETgirl Webinar, July 27, 2015. Archived at www.vetgirlontherun.com. [3] Kang et al., H3N2 Canine Influenza Virus Causes Severe Morbidity in Dogs with Induction of Genes Related to Inflammation and Apoptosis, Veterinary Research 2013,44:92. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161007005775/en/ SOURCE: Merck Animal Health Merck Media: Kelly Goss, 913-558-6452 kelly.goss@merck.com or Pamela Eisele, 267-305-3558 pamela.eisele@merck.com or Investor Relations: Amy Klug, 908-740-1898 amy.klug@merck.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Modern Medicine Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine Bristol-Myers', Merck's lung cancer treatments square off this weekend Meg Tirrell | @megtirrell Friday, 7 Oct 2016 | 2:41 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Billions at stake for big pharma</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Meg Tirrell reports on why billions are at stake for Bristol-Myers and Merck. The &ldquo;Fast Money&rdquo; traders weigh in.</p> Billions at stake for big pharma    Thursday, 6 Oct 2016 | 5:52 PM ET | 03:25 When Bristol-Myers Squibb's mighty immunotherapy drug, Opdivo, failed in a large lung cancer trial in August, investorswiped $22 billion from the company's market value in a single afternoon. But it wasn't because they think the drug doesn't work. Most suspect it was something slightly more complicated — and they'll get much-anticipated answers this weekend. Both Bristol and Merck are set to release data on their dueling immunotherapies Sunday at a European medical conference, ESMO. The results will have important implications for how we treat lung cancer, the leading cause of cancer deaths, as well as other forms of the disease. But the data will also answer a key question that's been bugging anyone following the immunotherapy race since Aug. 5: Did Opdivo fail simply because it was tested in patients it was unsuitable for? "We are stunned," Credit Suisse analyst Vamil Divan wrote in a research note at the time. "We had high expectations for the study." So did a lot of people. The medicines — Merck's is called Keytruda — are considered among the biggest advancements in cancer treatment in decades, unleashing the immune system to fight cancer. And Opdivo had sailed from success to success, in melanoma, kidney cancer, blood cancer, and in lung cancer for which patients had already tried other therapies. The failed trial over the summer was in first-line treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer, a market opportunity SunTrust analyst John Boris pegs at $7 billion to $8 billion annually. But scientists say we're still in the early days of understanding how these drugs work best, and the two companies have taken different strategies for testing them. Bristol's is broader, while Merck's involved testing patients' cancer for biomarkers that could indicate the drug is likelier to work. In first-line treatment of lung cancer, Merck's strategy has so far emerged ahead. Here's why: both drugs block a receptor on cells known as PD-1, which links with a ligand called PD-L1 on cancer cells. Cancer has ways of evading the body's natural defense systems, cloaking itself from our immune soldiers. But blocking PD-1 reveals those cancer cells to our immune system, enabling our own natural defenses to attack. Different people's cancers express different levels of PD-L1. And this is the key difference in how Bristol-Myers and Merck tested their drugs. In its failed study, Bristol-Myers included patients in whom at least 5 percent of tumor cells expressed PD-L1, or about 55 to 60 percent of advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients who hadn't yet tried other treatments. Merck limited its testing to patients with at least 50 percent expression of PD-L1, or about a quarter to a third of those in the category. And that appears to work: Merck said in June that Keytruda beat chemotherapy on both progression-free survival, or the time patients live without their tumors growing, and overall survival, a measure of how long patients live, in patients with at least 50 percent PD-L1 expression. So what does PD-L1 expression mean — and why do higher levels confer a greater benefit from PD-1 blockers? "It turns out PD-L1 expression is just a marker for the presence of an immune response," explained Merck's head of research, Dr. Roger Perlmutter. "Expression of PD-L1 is increased by immune response factors." In English: PD-L1 is a signal that the immune system has been trying to fight the cancer. Or, as Perlmutter puts it, "Gee, there's already immune response going on here." Which means: the more tumor cells that express PD-L1, the more evidence the immune system is ready for a fight. And by taking away the tumor cells' invisibility cloak with PD-1 blockers, the immune system is unleashed. "Keytruda reveals the pre-existing immunity directed against the tumor in some patients," Perlmutter said. Universal Images Group | Getty Images Malignant Tumors. Visceral Metastases. X Ray. So, then, presumably, should Opdivo. So if one PD-1 blocker works for the 50 percent threshold, and one failed in the 5 percent threshold, does that mean both should work at 50 percent? That's what everyone's waiting to find out on Sunday. "At ESMO we'll finally learn why CM-026 failed," BMO Capital Markets analyst Alex Arfaei wrote in a research note Friday, referring to the name of Bristol's trial, Checkmate-026 (the drugs are also referred to as "checkpoint" inhibitors). When Bristol released the results in August, they revealed only that the study didn't meet its primary goal: extending progression-free survival compared with chemotherapy. Sunday, Bristol is expected to share more detailed information on groups of patients in the trial, including those with PD-L1 expression of more than 50 percent. Most investors expect the results to be similar to Merck's, according to an investor survey from Evercore ISI's John Scotti. Though analysts caution the study was set up differently, so it may not show the same result. "Just to caveat, before everyone sees the analyses, Bristol's trial was not powered for this," Scotti told investors in a video last week. "There's probably going to be a lower amount of patients in the greater than 50 percent cutoff." The conference also will feature data from Roche's Genentech, which has another immunotherapy drug targeting PD-L1 rather than PD-1, called Tecentriq. It will have results in patients with lung cancer who have already tried other therapies. The FDA is expected to decide on whether to approve the drug in that indication later this month, after the company reported in August that it improved overall survival compared with chemotherapy. Merck has applied for approval of Keytruda in advanced first-line non-small cell lung cancer, with an FDA decision date of Christmas Eve. Bristol-Myers, because of its failed trial, is waiting for results from a study combining Opdivo with its other immunotherapy drug, Yervoy. And analysts say the field is already turning toward combination treatments for the disease. "There is still more to be learned," said Dr. Prasad Adusumilli, deputy chief of thoracic surgery at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He's not affiliated with either company. "It's a new, novel treatment." More from Modern Medicine: Switch to start-up yields surprising results for Activision employees' insurance New prostate cancer tests aim to reduce the death rate This doctor is recreating toys for disabled kids with help from Mattel Meg TirrellReporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BMY --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Jump to page content Accessibility Log in or Register for enhanced features | Forgotten Password? White Papers | Suppliers | Events | Report Store | Companies | Dining Club | Medical Devices | Videos Production & Manufacturing Fine & Speciality Chemicals Manufacturing Process & Production OTC Drug Research Drug Delivery Drug Discovery & Development Contract Research & Services Clinical Trials Contract Research Contract Services Digital Transformation Data-Driven Business Digital Protection Hybrid Agility Workplace Productivity Automation IT & Software Laboratory Instrumentation Inward Investment Packaging Regulatory Affairs Production & Manufacturing Manufacturing ALL PBR | Manufacturing Manufacturing Home | News | White Papers | Suppliers | Companies Return to: PBR Home | Production & Manufacturing | Manufacturing Select a Pharmaceutical sector ------------------------ Fine & Speciality Chemicals Manufacturing Process & Production OTC ------------------------ Drug Delivery Drug Discovery & Development ------------------------ Clinical Trials Contract Research Contract Services ------------------------ IT & Software Laboratory Instrumentation ------------------------ Inward Investment Packaging Regulatory Affairs Manufacturing News Merck opens biopharmaceutical support center in Korea PBR Staff Writer Published 07 October 2016 German life sciences firm Merck has opened a new biopharmaceuticals production and development support center in the Songdo district of Incheon, Korea. German life sciences firm Merck has opened a new biopharmaceuticals production and development support center in the Songdo district of Incheon, Korea. The M Lab Collaboration Center offers biopharmaceutical manufacturers with a shared, exploratory environment, allowing them work with Merck scientists and engineers to address various challenges and speed up development as well as production of new therapies. The center, which replaces a smaller plant in Seoul, will feature a simulated manufacturing environment and provide end-to-end process development support. It will offer local clients such as Samsung BioLogics with technical support and training. Merck executive board member and CEO of Life Science Udit Batra said: "With a rapidly growing biopharmaceutical industry in Korea and demand for novel and cost-effective therapies worldwide, there is a clear need for innovative concepts like our M Lab Collaboration Centers. "At our new center in Incheon, our customers will benefit from our deep technical expertise to develop processes for manufacturing drugs faster, safer and more effectively than ever before." Including Korea, Merck has a total of nine M-Lab centers in Brazil, France, India, Singapore, Japan, China, Taiwan and the US. Each center enables pharmaceutical manufacturers to identify new ways for increasing productivity, enhancing processes and mitigating risks through access to a team of experts. It will also give customers access to sizing and simulation tools and methodologies as well as analytical and modeling support. Share: Latest News Biocon, Mylan seek FDA approval for trastuzumab biosimilar Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > News FDA gives priority review status to Novartis’ breast cancer drug Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > News Portola expands collaboration with Daiichi to develop AndexXa in Germany Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > News Nimbus secures $200m from Gilead for inhibitor program acquisition Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > News Celgene and IBM Watson to develop new offering for patient safety monitoring Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > News Related News Related Sectors Production & Manufacturing> Manufacturing Related Dates 2016> October Related Industries Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare> Drug Manufacturing Select a Pharmaceutical sector ------------------------ Fine & Speciality Chemicals Manufacturing Process & Production OTC ------------------------ Drug Delivery Drug Discovery & Development ------------------------ Clinical Trials Contract Research Contract Services ------------------------ IT & Software Laboratory Instrumentation ------------------------ Inward Investment Packaging Regulatory Affairs Manufacturing News Related Insight Suppliers Directory Spotlight Suppliers By Sector A-Z Biovian - cGMP Contract Manufacturing of Biopharmaceuticals Biovian is a dynamic and effective new generation one-stop-shop CMO in cGMP contract manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals. Biovian's services cover the full range from antigen isolation, expression, vector construction, cell line cultivation, cGMP protein purification to product fill and finish. Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > Suppliers Wockhardt Contract Services - Enhancing Quality of Life Wockhardt is a diversified Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Company with over 40 years of proven success as a leader in the development and manufacturing of high quality medicines sold throughout the world. Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > Suppliers Butterworth Laboratories Ltd – Experts in Pharmaceutical Analysis Butterworth is a UK based contract laboratory providing pharmaceutical analysis in accordance with cGMP to the global pharmaceutical industry. We specialise in Quality Control, Method Development & Validation and Stability Storage & Testing. Our focus and expertise centre on raw materials but we also have experience of finished products and medical devices. Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > Suppliers Fios Genomics - Genomic and Bioinformatic Data Analysis Services Fios Genomics provides an extensive range of genomic and bioinformatic data analysis services for Pharma, CROs and academic & clinical research for applications in drug discovery & development for both human and animal health. Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > Suppliers Production & Manufacturing Fine & Speciality Chemicals Manufacturing Process & Production OTC Drug Research Drug Delivery Drug Discovery & Development Contract Research & Services Clinical Trials Contract Research Contract Services Automation IT & Software Laboratory Instrumentation Inward Investment Packaging Regulatory Affairs # ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Manufacturing Intelligence Latest White Papers Suzhou Pharma Services Capabilities Published by Suzhou Pharma Services Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > White Papers Product Brochure: Most Compact Published by Eppendorf Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > White Papers Enabling Drug Delivery Deal Making Published by Aveva Drug Delivery Systems Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > White Papers Direct analysis of biogenic amines in food by HILIC-MS Published by Tosoh Bioscience Production & Manufacturing > Manufacturing > White Papers PBR Website Usage About us Accessibility Advertise with us Contact us Help Privacy RSS feeds Site map Dining Club Browse By Sector Browse By Network Business Review Sites Production & Manufacturing Drug Research Contract Research & Services Automation Fine & Speciality Chemicals Manufacturing Process & Production OTC Drug Delivery Drug Discovery & Development Clinical Trials Contract Research Contract Services IT & Software Laboratory Instrumentation Inward Investment Packaging Regulatory Affairs Auto Banking Clean Technology Drinks Energy Food Insurance Logistics Medical Devices Packaging Pharmaceutical Retail Technology Webinars © PBR 2016. Part of Progressive Trade Media Ltd.
null
null
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology BioMarin, Incyte, Kite Get Thumbs Up On Goldman Sachs Upgrade Goldman Sachs says the biotech sector will soon be feeling better. (© Africa Studio/stock.adobe.com) ALLISON GATLIN 10/07/2016 Reprints BioMarin Pharmaceuticals (BMRN), Kite Pharma (KITE) and Incyte (INCY) pulled a collective thumbs up Friday as Goldman Sachs upgraded its small cap and midcap biotech stock group to an attractive rating, citing R&D catalysts. That did little to help IBD's 421-company Medical-Biomed/Biotech industry group, which closed down 0.1% on the stock market today but stayed above its 50-day line. The group is down 17 % for the year, but 2017 could be a turning point, says Goldman Sachs analyst Salveen Richter. "Macro headwinds from drug pricing political rhetoric are likely to persist through year's end 2016, however, we see this group as relatively better positioned under a new administration than those relying on re-pricing of branded drugs," she wrote in a research report. Richter likes four vertical markets: central nervous system disorders, immuno-oncology, gene therapies and rare diseases. Central Nervous System Picks: AveXis, GW, Sage In the CNS circle, Richter recommends AveXis (AVXS), GW Pharmaceuticals (GWPH) and Sage Therapeutics (SAGE). She rates them all a buy, with respective price targets of 71, 189 and 65. CNS drugs have faced a maelstrom of challenges for FDA approval. Now, "we believe the molecular biology of the CNS is coming of age, spurred by a renewed interest in drug development in the space," Richter wrote. Bluebird (BLUE) also is active in the CNS market, working on a drug to treat congenital cerebral adreno-leukodystrophy. Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY), Merck (MRK), Roche (RHHBY) and AstraZeneca (AZN) are already in the immuno-oncology space, but Richter keys in on Incyte and Kite. A number of IO therapies work by introducing molecules to act as "brakes" on the immune system, providing a negative signal to tumor cells. Incyte, Kite Get Nod In Immuno-Oncology Incyte, too, is working on a "brake," Richter writes. "We view Incyte's epacadostat (which applies a 'brake' called IDO) as the next-generation checkpoint inhibitor," she wrote. Incyte and Merck recently yielded encouraging results by combining IDO and Keystruda to combat melanoma in a Phase 1 study. She has buy ratings on Incyte stock, which broke out on Sept. 28, and Kite stock, and respective price targets of 105 and 70. Richter recommends Bluebird and AveXis in gene therapies which "could provide potential one-shot cures in areas of high unmet need." Most drugs for genetic disorders treat symptoms vs. the actual disease, she writes. "Gene therapy is designed to address the underlying genetic defect by introducing a long-term (permanent) reservoir of functional genes into the patient," she wrote. But only two treatments have been approved — and neither in the U.S. Still, there's room for AveXis, Bluebird, BioMarin and Spark Therapeutics (ONCE) to differentiate themselves as leaders in the space. All four have highly impressive clinical proof of concept, Richter wrote. Of the four, Spark stock alone get a neutral rating. The rest are rated buy. Richter expects Spark's voretigene neparvovec, a treatment for genetic blindness, to lead the way in setting regulatory, pricing and manufacturing standards as it appears prepped for FDA approval in 2017. BioMarin Said One Step Ahead In ERT BioMarin, Sanofi (SNY) and Shire (SHPG) lead on the rare disease front, but Richter only recommends the former — a midsize cap headed for large-size territory with a nearly $16 billion market cap. Incyte, too, is approaching large-cap size with its $18.2 billion market cap. Sanofi and Shire use enzyme-replacement therapies (ERT) to combat rare genetic disorders. The ERT models allows for premium pricing ($200,000 to $600,000 per year), lower expenses and regulatory hurdles, shorter development cycles, limited competition and tax incentives. But BioMarin is one step ahead, Richter says. She has a buy rating and 128 price target on BioMarin sock. "In contrast to chronic ERT drugs, gene therapy is designed to provide patients with a constant genetic source of correct protein and, in theory, no additional dosing events would be required," she wrote. IBD'S TAKE: BioMarin and Incyte are encroaching on large-cap territory, Richter says. But Amgen by far leads the space with a $125.1 billion market cap. Biogen leads IBD's 421-company group with a Composite Rating of 98, out of a best-possible 99. Get the Stock Checkup. RELATED: Regeneron-Sanofi Could Beat Pfizer, Roche, AstraZeneca On Eczema What Will Gilead Try Buying Next? Polls Offer Some 'Incyte' 'Blockbuster Franchises' Spark M&A Fever For Sarepta, Ariad, Biotechs ALLISON GATLIN | Facebook | @IBD_AGatlin Share this: Related news BioMarin, that's one of its labs above, could have a big winner in its hemophilia drug, says RBC. (AP) BioMarin Rises On 'Life-Changing' Hemophilia Drug, Trump Victory 11/09/2016 BioMarin could add $700 million to $1 billion on a new hemophilia drug proven to have "life-changing efficacy," RBC says. 11/09/2016 BioMarin could add $700 million to $1 billion on a... Biotech, Drug Stocks Fly On Clinton Loss, But 'Trump Uncertainty' Incyte Recoups Losses After Price-Fixing Fracas On Strong Chemo Results New Highs Fade, But Booz Allen Gaps Up Align, Incyte, GrubHub Among Best R&D Stock Plays: Goldman No. 1 Biotech Amgen Dives As Rebates Chip Away At 2017 Sales View Novartis Tumbles On Q3 Sales Miss; Chemo Sales May Boost Incyte BioMarin Could Reap $1.1 Billion In 2025 On 'Dwarfism' Drug: Analyst Amgen Partner Kite Not 'A One-Trick Pony'; Pipeline Grows In 2017 Today's Spotlight Las Vegas Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product trying at our booth. Portfolio Management Webinar Join us and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally in New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (AP) The Case For A Trump Bull Market In Stocks JPMorgan and other financials had strong Q3 results, with investors betting on much better days ahead. (iStockphoto) Profit Recession Over, Here Comes The Best Earnings Growth Since 2014 The Trader’s Brain: Gaining an Edge by Letting Your Emotions Run Amok Promoted Content By Simpler Trading Special Report Today's advisors harness technology to enhance almost every aspect of their practice. (Jeff Goertzen) Financial Advisors See why becoming tech savvy is a must for today's successful financial advisors. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL FB Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > 10 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Buy Now 10 Pharmaceuticals Stocks to Buy Now By Portfolio Grader  |  Oct 7, 2016, 9:45 am EST     Popular Posts: Biggest Movers in Financial Stocks Now – CXW GEO SLM NAVI 21 Metals & Mining Stocks to Buy Now 10 Software Stocks to Buy Now Recent Posts: Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – DMTX CXRX FATE VTL Hottest Transportation Stocks Now – DRYS ROIAK GTN VDTH Biggest Movers in Services Stocks Now – BSQR DHX HEES MODN View All Posts 10 Pharmaceuticals stocks are moving up in their overall rating this week, according to the Portfolio Grader database. Every one of these is graded an “A” (“strong buy”) or “B” overall (“buy”). This is a strong week for GW Pharmaceuticals PLC Sponsored ADR (GWPH). The company’s rating climbs to B from the previous week’s C. The company also gets A’s in earnings revisions, earnings surprise, and earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of GWPH stock. This week, Merck & Co., Inc.’s (MRK) ratings are up from a B last week to a A. Merck & Co., Inc. is a global health care company that delivers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, animal health, and consumer care products. The company also gets A’s in earnings growth and earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of MRK stock. Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AERI) shows solid improvement this week. The company’s rating rises from a C to a B. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of AERI stock. Dermira Inc (DERM) earns a B this week, jumping up from last week’s grade of C. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of DERM stock. This week, Depomed, Inc. (DEPO) pushes up from a C to a B rating. Depomed, Inc. develops new and proprietary oral drug delivery technologies. The company also gets A’s in sales growth and earnings momentum. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of DEPO stock. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SUPN) is seeing ratings go up from a B last week to a A this week. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops and markets proprietary drugs for the treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders. The company also gets A’s in sales growth, earnings growth, earnings revisions, earnings surprise, earnings momentum, and return on equity. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of SUPN stock. Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated. (CORT) gets a higher grade this week, advancing from a C last week to a B. Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated. engages in the discovery, development, and commercialization of drugs for the treatment of severe metabolic and psychiatric disorders. The company also gets A’s in sales growth and earnings revisions. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of CORT stock. NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NBY) boosts its rating from a C to a B this week. NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops product candidates targeting the treatment or prevention of a wide range of infections in hospital and non-hospital environments. The company also gets A’s in sales growth and earnings revisions. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of NBY stock. The rating of SteadyMed Ltd. (STDY) moves up this week, rising from a C to a B. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of STDY stock. Intellipharmaceutics International Inc.’s (IPCI) ratings are looking better this week, moving up to a B from last week’s C. Intellipharmaceutics International Inc. develops drug delivery technologies. For more information, get Portfolio Grader’s complete analysis of IPCI stock. Louis Navellier’s proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results — with A being “strong buy,” and F being “strong sell.” Explore the tool here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/10-pharmaceuticals-stocks-to-buy-now-2/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Buys for 7 Donald Trump Fears That Won’t Come True 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to Trump 3 Tech Stocks Getting a Big Cash Payday 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Due for a Reckoning 7 Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 3 Tech Stocks That Just Got a Big Cash Payday 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 3 Reasons Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Still Is a Great Buy Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump 7 Blue-Chip Stocks That Are Due for a Reckoning 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 3 Bank Stocks That Will Gain at Least 50% Thanks to President Trump The Tech Reversal May Have Legs Trade of the Day: Industrial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLI) General Electric Company (GE) Stock Is an Overpriced Juggernaut GrubHub Inc Stock Falls After CEO’s Anti-Trump Email to Employees Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 11/13 Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 11/13 ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 11/13 May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 11/13 Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 11/13 Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Additional Phase 1 Data from ECHO-202 Reinforce Durability of Response in Patients with Treatment-naive Advanced or Metastatic Melanoma Treated with Epacadostat in Combination with Keytruda® (pembrolizumab) By Published: Oct 7, 2016 4:07 a.m. ET Share Updated data published at ESMO to be discussed on Incyte investor conference call and webcast today, 7 October, at 14:00 CET / 8:00 a.m. ET WILMINGTON, Del., Oct 07, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Incyte Corporation INCY, -0.19% today announced that updated data from the Phase I portion of the ECHO-202 trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 enzyme inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab (Keytruda [®] )*, Merck’s anti-PD-1 therapy, have been published as a poster at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Annual Congress 2016 in Copenhagen, Denmark. Further to the previously published abstract, today’s updated data show that among patients with treatment-naïve advanced melanoma (n=19), the combination of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab resulted in progression-free survival (PFS) rates of 74 percent and 57 percent at 6 months and 12 months, respectively. Median PFS has not been reached. The updated data also show an increase in the complete response (CR) rate to 26 percent. The objective response rate (ORR) and disease control rate (DCR) remained consistent with the previously published abstract data, at 58 percent and 74 percent, respectively. All responses are confirmed and ongoing (median follow-up among responders 56 plus [range of 46 to 90 plus] weeks). “We are excited to share further data with additional follow-up from the Phase 1 portion of the ECHO-202 study,” said Steven Stein, M.D., Incyte’s Chief Medical Officer. “The durable responses seen in patients with treatment-naïve advanced or metastatic melanoma reaffirm the activity of this immunotherapy combination, and we look forward to the read-out of ECHO-301, the ongoing, pivotal Phase 3 trial.” Epacadostat in combination with pembrolizumab was well tolerated in the Phase 1 population (n=62). The most common (greater-than or equal to 15%) all grade treatment-related AEs (TRAEs) were fatigue, rash, pruritus, arthralgia, diarrhea and nausea. Grade greater-than or equal to 3 TRAEs were observed in 19 percent of patients; the most common were rash (8%) and increased lipase (5%). Five patients (8%) discontinued treatment due to TRAEs. The ECHO-202 poster was made available to attendees at the ESMO Congress today, Friday, 7 October, and will be made available via the Events and Presentations tab of the Investor section of www.incyte.com. Incyte will host an investor conference call and webcast at 14:00 CET (8:00 a.m. ET) today, 7 October 2016, which can also be accessed via the Events and Presentations tab of the Investor section of www.incyte.com About ECHO-202 (KEYNOTE-037) The ECHO-202 study (NCT02178722) is evaluating the safety and efficacy of epacadostat, Incyte’s selective IDO1 inhibitor, in combination with pembrolizumab. Patients previously treated with anti-PD-1 or anti-CTLA-4 therapies were excluded from this trial. Enrollment is complete for the Phase 1 dose escalation (epacadostat 25, 50, 100 mg BID + pembrolizumab 2 mg/kg IV Q3W and epacadostat 300 mg BID + pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) and Phase 1 dose expansion (epacadostat 50, 100, and 300 mg BID + pembrolizumab 200 mg IV Q3W) portions of the trial. Enrollment in Phase 2, tumor-specific, cohorts is ongoing. About ECHO The ECHO clinical trial program was established to investigate the efficacy and safety of epacadostat as a core component of combination therapy in oncology. Ongoing Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies evaluating epacadostat in combination with PD-1 and PD-L1 inhibitors collectively plan to enroll over 900 patients in a broad range of solid tumor types as well as hematological malignancies. ECHO-301 (NCT02752074), a Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study evaluating pembrolizumab in combination with epacadostat or placebo for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced or metastatic melanoma, is also underway. ECHO-301 was initiated in June 2016 and initial data from this study are expected to be available in 2018. About Epacadostat (INCB024360) Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1) is a key immunosuppressive enzyme that modulates the anti-tumor immune response by promoting regulatory T cell generation and blocking effector T cell activation, thereby facilitating tumor growth by allowing cancer cells to avoid immune surveillance. Epacadostat is a first-in-class, highly potent and selective oral inhibitor of the IDO1 enzyme that reverses tumor-associated immune suppression and restores effective anti-tumor immune responses. In single-arm studies, the combination of epacadostat and immune checkpoint inhibitors has shown proof-of-concept in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. In these studies, epacadostat combined with the CTLA-4 inhibitor ipilimumab or the PD-1 inhibitor pembrolizumab improved response rates compared with studies of the immune checkpoint inhibitors alone. Conference Call Information To access the conference call, please dial 877-407-9221 for domestic callers or +1-201-689-8597 for international callers. When prompted, provide the conference identification number, 13644034. If you are unable to participate, a replay of the conference call will be available for 30 days. The replay dial-in number for the United States is 877-660-6853 and the dial-in number for international callers is +1-201-612-7415. To access the replay you will need the conference identification number, 13644034. About Incyte Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com. Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte. Forward-Looking Statements Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set forth in this press release, including statements regarding the presentation and discussion of data regarding the Company’s ECHO-202 study and the expected availability of initial data from its ECHO-301 study, contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of further research and development, the high degree of risk and uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 2016. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update these forward-looking statements. KEYTRUDA [® ] is a registered trademark of Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161007005217/en/ SOURCE: Incyte Corporation"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Incyte Media Catalina Loveman, 302-498-6171 cloveman@incyte.com or Investors Michael Booth, DPhil, 302-498-5914 mbooth@incyte.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Incyte Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INCY $104.51 -0.20 (-0.19%) Volume 1.9M Open $103.88 High $105.73 Low $102.29 P/E Ratio 133.99 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 19.7B LatestNews


  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AstraZeneca CEO: Bristol drug flop opens big cancer opportunity By Reuters Published: 10:46 EST, 8 October 2016 | Updated: 10:46 EST, 8 October 2016 e-mail By Ben Hirschler COPENHAGEN, Oct 8 (Reuters) - The failure of Bristol-Myers Squibb's blockbuster Opdivo immunotherapy in previously untreated lung cancer patients has opened up the market for AstraZeneca, its chief executive believes. "Suddenly, this trial news opens quite some opportunities for us, in both monotherapy and combination therapy," Chief Executive Pascal Soriot told Reuters on Saturday, in his first comments since the Opdivo trial flop in August. Soriot is in Copenhagen for the European Society for Medical Oncology congress, where he and his team will be scouring data from competitors to determine how best to fine-tune their own clinical work to maximise its chance of success. The timing has been fortuitous for the British drugmaker, which can now take advantage of the experience of its rivals. At stake is a chunk of a hugely promising new market for cancer treatments that fight tumours by boosting the immune system. Industry analysts forecast such drugs could eventually generate annual sales of $30 billion to $40 billion, with lung cancer seen as the biggest opportunity. Much of the clinical focus is on the best way to select patients likely to benefit from the new and expensive medicines, by using biomarkers to assess their tumours. While the Opdivo trial included patients with low levels of a protein called PD-L1, a separate trial found Merck's similar drug Keytruda worked well in a much smaller group of patients expressing at least 50 percent PD-L1. That gives AstraZeneca the opportunity to steer a path between its two rivals by refining the PD-L1 benchmarks used in its own keenly awaited clinical trial, known as MYSTIC, which is expected to report results early next year. "It gives us a chance to do what BMS was trying to do, but do it in a less risky manner, by expanding the population from the 50 percent PD-L1 cut-off to a bit broader," Soriot said. AstraZeneca's rival to Opdivo and Keytruda is durvalumab, which is being tested on its own and with another immunotherapy called tremelimumab. The British company is currently planning to look at how well its treatment fares among patients with a 25 percent PD-L1 expression level or more, but it has the flexibility to amend this. Roche also has a rival immunotherapy called Tecentriq, which has proved effective in previously treated lung cancer patients, and the fact that AstraZeneca looks like being fourth to market has been viewed negatively by many investors. Soriot argues this ignores the fact his company has the potential to leap ahead in combination therapy, which could well become the main choice for most lung cancer patients. "We're coming from a place where everybody thought we were behind and we have a very good chance to play in both the monotherapy and combination segments," Soriot said. "Even if BMS were to catch up with us in combination, there would still only be two companies with these regimens." Currently, Bristol's competing immunotherapy combination is not expected to produce clinical trial results until 2018. Furthermore, AstraZeneca has another card up its sleeve in the form of a so-called priority review voucher from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which Soriot said could be used, if needed, to help it seek rapid approval. "Being first is definitely important," Soriot said. (Editing by Susan Thomas) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 43.1 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Monday, November 14, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche Fox News Fox Business News Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche By Cory Renauer - October 8, 2016 166 This post was originally published on this site Image source: Getty Images. Continue Reading Below Recently approved cancer therapies from Exelixis (NASDAQ: EXEL) and Roche (NASDAQOTH: RHHBY) have oncologists fizzing with excitement, but the two drugmakers have more differences than similarities. While Roche has been profitable for decades, Exelixis is still losing money. On the other hand, Exelixis stock has more than doubled this year, but shares of the Swiss pharma giant have given up about 10% over the same period. EXEL data by YCharts. More From Fool.com Investors are right to wonder if they should dive into volatile Exelixis stock following its recent plunge or seek safety in Roche’s diverse revenue streams. Let’s look at some challenges and opportunities facing both companies to see which stock is the better buy. What’s new Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Exelixis’ lead drug, cabozantinib, chalked up a huge win this April when the FDA approved a tablet form under the brand name Cabometyx for treatment of advanced kidney cancer patients.Although cabozantinib capsules first earned approvalfor treatment of medullary thyroid cancer in 2012 under the brand nameCometriq,it generated modest sales in the limited population. When cabozantinib failed to show a survival benefit in a study with prostate cancer patients a couple of years ago,many analysts assumed its sales would remain limited. They were wrong. Although Cabometyx launched into the larger kidney cancer population partway through the second quarter, Exelixis’ net product revenue exploded from just $9.1 million in the first three months of the year to $31.6 million during the three months ended June. Image source: Roche. Roche also has an exciting new cancer therapy. Tecentriq binds to PD-L1 found on the surface of a variety of tumor cells, limiting their ability to suppress immune-system attacks. Two incredibly successful therapies, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibband Keytruda from Merck & Co., act on the immune-cell side of the same pathway, but Tecentriq became the first of its class to earn an FDA approval in May. What’s next At the moment, Tecentriq is limited to treatment of a relatively limited group of people with bladder cancer, but that could change soon. Any day now, the FDA is expected to announce its decision regarding an application that would expand Tecentriq’s availability from bladder cancer to a much larger group of advanced lung cancer patients. Each year, lung cancers claim the lives of 1.6 million people worldwide, making it the leading cause of cancer death. With eight phase 3 lung cancer studies evaluating Tecentriq in this enormous population showing encouraging results thus far, the therapy has a real chance of reaching peak annual sales estimates north of $3 billion. Image source: Getty Images. Roche has more than Tecentriq label expansions to look forward to. Its candidate Ocrevus is the first multiple sclerosis drug to slow progression of the most aggressive form of the disease in large clinical studies. Roche expects an FDA decision regarding an application to treat this underserved population, which represents about 15% of the world’s 2.3 million people with multiple sclerosis, by the end of the year. If approved as expected, Ocrevus could add more than $5 billion annually to the company’s top line. For Exelixis, Cabometyx sales in the second quarter were strong enough to suggest its current role in kidney cancer has enough fuel to drive the company to profit town, but it could go much further. A patient’s disease must progress following a specific type of therapy before they become eligible for Cabometyx, butPfizer‘s Sutent is approved for newly diagnosed, untreated advanced kidney cancer patients. However,Exelixis announced that treatment with Cabometyx significantly slowed disease progression compared to Sutent in a 150-patient trial.We’ll have a better idea of how far Cabometyx can expand into the advanced kidney cancer population when it presents results from the study on Oct. 10 at a scientific conference. Exelixis is also running a phase 3 trial that could support an application to treat the most common form of liver cancer. It recently passed its first interim analysis,and if the trial is successful, Cabometyx could eventually generate more than $1 billion in annual sales. In the numbers Given Exelixis’ small market cap of around $2.9 billion, a slight breeze could blast its share price in one direction or the other. If Cabometyx shows clear signs it’s headed for the $1 billion mark, the stock could soar. Unfortunately, those signs must appear sooner rather than later, because Exelixis’ main cabozantinib patents are set to expire in 2024. Unlike Roche’s best-selling products, Cabometyx is asmall molecule drug. Once it loses exclusivity, generic competition could quickly hammer its sales. Image source: Getty Images. In stark contrast to Exelixis, Roche needs fire-breathing monster trucks to move the needle. The company finished the first half on pace to generate more than $53 billion in revenue this year.Challenging growth further,biosimilarcompetitionfor two drugs that comprised 24.6% of total sales in the first half (Rituxan and Herceptin)could be on the way. With a rock-solid dividend offering a 2.7% yield at recent prices, and 29 consecutive years of payment raises (in Swiss francs), Roche is a great stock for those in need of steadily growing income. If you’re willing to take risk in hope of greater capital gains, though, Exelixis looks like the better buy. A secret billion-dollar stock opportunity The world’s biggest tech company forgot to show you something, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn’t miss a beat: There’s a small company that’s powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMythBusters to be at Punkin’ Chunkin’ – Which will also Return to TV Next articleMislabeling Leads to Limited Turkey Hill Ice Cream Recall Cory Renauer RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Germany's Schaeuble says too much talk on Deutsche Bank How Amazon Prime Could Reach 100 Million Members by 2018 Is Hillary Clinton an Ally to Long-Term Investors? Is Big Lots a Good Value? 3 Proven Ways to Boost Your Retirement Income Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche Both companies launched important new cancer therapies recently, but which stock is better suited to your portfolio? Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Image source: Getty Images. Recently approved cancer therapies from Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) and Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY) have oncologists fizzing with excitement, but the two drugmakers have more differences than similarities. While Roche has been profitable for decades, Exelixis is still losing money. On the other hand, Exelixis stock has more than doubled this year, but shares of the Swiss pharma giant have given up about 10% over the same period. EXEL data by YCharts. Investors are right to wonder if they should dive into volatile Exelixis stock following its recent plunge or seek safety in Roche's diverse revenue streams. Let's look at some challenges and opportunities facing both companies to see which stock is the better buy. What's new Exelixis' lead drug, cabozantinib, chalked up a huge win this April when the FDA approved a tablet form under the brand name Cabometyx for treatment of advanced kidney cancer patients. Although cabozantinib capsules first earned approval for treatment of medullary thyroid cancer in 2012 under the brand name Cometriq, it generated modest sales in the limited population. When cabozantinib failed to show a survival benefit in a study with prostate cancer patients a couple of years ago, many analysts assumed its sales would remain limited. They were wrong. Although Cabometyx launched into the larger kidney cancer population partway through the second quarter, Exelixis' net product revenue exploded from just $9.1 million in the first three months of the year to $31.6 million during the three months ended June. Image source: Roche. Roche also has an exciting new cancer therapy. Tecentriq binds to PD-L1 found on the surface of a variety of tumor cells, limiting their ability to suppress immune-system attacks. Two incredibly successful therapies, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Keytruda from Merck & Co., act on the immune-cell side of the same pathway, but Tecentriq became the first of its class to earn an FDA approval in May.  What's next At the moment, Tecentriq is limited to treatment of a relatively limited group of people with bladder cancer, but that could change soon. Any day now, the FDA is expected to announce its decision regarding an application that would expand Tecentriq's availability from bladder cancer to a much larger group of advanced lung cancer patients. Each year, lung cancers claim the lives of 1.6 million people worldwide, making it the leading cause of cancer death. With eight phase 3 lung cancer studies evaluating Tecentriq in this enormous population showing encouraging results thus far, the therapy has a real chance of reaching peak annual sales estimates north of $3 billion.  Image source: Getty Images. Roche has more than Tecentriq label expansions to look forward to. Its candidate Ocrevus is the first multiple sclerosis drug to slow progression of the most aggressive form of the disease in large clinical studies. Roche expects an FDA decision regarding an application to treat this underserved population, which represents about 15% of the world's 2.3 million people with multiple sclerosis, by the end of the year. If approved as expected, Ocrevus could add more than $5 billion annually to the company's top line. For Exelixis, Cabometyx sales in the second quarter were strong enough to suggest its current role in kidney cancer has enough fuel to drive the company to profit town, but it could go much further. A patient's disease must progress following a specific type of therapy before they become eligible for Cabometyx, but Pfizer's Sutent is approved for newly diagnosed, untreated advanced kidney cancer patients. However, Exelixis announced that treatment with Cabometyx significantly slowed disease progression compared to Sutent in a 150-patient trial. We'll have a better idea of how far Cabometyx can expand into the advanced kidney cancer population when it presents results from the study on Oct. 10 at a scientific conference. Exelixis is also running a phase 3 trial that could support an application to treat the most common form of liver cancer. It recently passed its first interim analysis, and if the trial is successful, Cabometyx could eventually generate more than $1 billion in annual sales. In the numbers Given Exelixis' small market cap of around $2.9 billion, a slight breeze could blast its share price in one direction or the other. If Cabometyx shows clear signs it's headed for the $1 billion mark, the stock could soar. Unfortunately, those signs must appear sooner rather than later, because Exelixis' main cabozantinib patents are set to expire in 2024. Unlike Roche's best-selling products, Cabometyx is a small molecule drug. Once it loses exclusivity, generic competition could quickly hammer its sales. Image source: Getty Images. In stark contrast to Exelixis, Roche needs fire-breathing monster trucks to move the needle. The company finished the first half on pace to generate more than $53 billion in revenue this year. Challenging growth further, biosimilar competition for two drugs that comprised 24.6% of total sales in the first half (Rituxan and Herceptin) could be on the way.  With a rock-solid dividend offering a 2.7% yield at recent prices, and 29 consecutive years of payment raises (in Swiss francs), Roche is a great stock for those in need of steadily growing income. If you're willing to take risk in hope of greater capital gains, though, Exelixis looks like the better buy. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Health Care Stocks Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.61 down $0.34 (-1.14%) Exelixis NASDAQ:EXEL $16.40 up $0.66 (4.19%) Read More A First Look at Exelixis, Inc.'s Rocket-Ship Drug Exelixis, Inc. Setting New Standard of Care Why Exelixis, Inc. Got Hammered Today Exelixis, Inc.'s METEOR Reaches Orbit, With Shares Up 45% in 2016 Why These Biotechs Saw Double-Digit Gains Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Exelixis, Inc. vs. Roche Both companies launched important new cancer therapies recently, but which stock is better suited to your portfolio? Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Image source: Getty Images. Recently approved cancer therapies from Exelixis (NASDAQ:EXEL) and Roche (NASDAQOTH:RHHBY) have oncologists fizzing with excitement, but the two drugmakers have more differences than similarities. While Roche has been profitable for decades, Exelixis is still losing money. On the other hand, Exelixis stock has more than doubled this year, but shares of the Swiss pharma giant have given up about 10% over the same period. EXEL data by YCharts. Investors are right to wonder if they should dive into volatile Exelixis stock following its recent plunge or seek safety in Roche's diverse revenue streams. Let's look at some challenges and opportunities facing both companies to see which stock is the better buy. What's new Exelixis' lead drug, cabozantinib, chalked up a huge win this April when the FDA approved a tablet form under the brand name Cabometyx for treatment of advanced kidney cancer patients. Although cabozantinib capsules first earned approval for treatment of medullary thyroid cancer in 2012 under the brand name Cometriq, it generated modest sales in the limited population. When cabozantinib failed to show a survival benefit in a study with prostate cancer patients a couple of years ago, many analysts assumed its sales would remain limited. They were wrong. Although Cabometyx launched into the larger kidney cancer population partway through the second quarter, Exelixis' net product revenue exploded from just $9.1 million in the first three months of the year to $31.6 million during the three months ended June. Image source: Roche. Roche also has an exciting new cancer therapy. Tecentriq binds to PD-L1 found on the surface of a variety of tumor cells, limiting their ability to suppress immune-system attacks. Two incredibly successful therapies, Opdivo from Bristol-Myers Squibb and Keytruda from Merck & Co., act on the immune-cell side of the same pathway, but Tecentriq became the first of its class to earn an FDA approval in May.  What's next At the moment, Tecentriq is limited to treatment of a relatively limited group of people with bladder cancer, but that could change soon. Any day now, the FDA is expected to announce its decision regarding an application that would expand Tecentriq's availability from bladder cancer to a much larger group of advanced lung cancer patients. Each year, lung cancers claim the lives of 1.6 million people worldwide, making it the leading cause of cancer death. With eight phase 3 lung cancer studies evaluating Tecentriq in this enormous population showing encouraging results thus far, the therapy has a real chance of reaching peak annual sales estimates north of $3 billion.  Image source: Getty Images. Roche has more than Tecentriq label expansions to look forward to. Its candidate Ocrevus is the first multiple sclerosis drug to slow progression of the most aggressive form of the disease in large clinical studies. Roche expects an FDA decision regarding an application to treat this underserved population, which represents about 15% of the world's 2.3 million people with multiple sclerosis, by the end of the year. If approved as expected, Ocrevus could add more than $5 billion annually to the company's top line. For Exelixis, Cabometyx sales in the second quarter were strong enough to suggest its current role in kidney cancer has enough fuel to drive the company to profit town, but it could go much further. A patient's disease must progress following a specific type of therapy before they become eligible for Cabometyx, but Pfizer's Sutent is approved for newly diagnosed, untreated advanced kidney cancer patients. However, Exelixis announced that treatment with Cabometyx significantly slowed disease progression compared to Sutent in a 150-patient trial. We'll have a better idea of how far Cabometyx can expand into the advanced kidney cancer population when it presents results from the study on Oct. 10 at a scientific conference. Exelixis is also running a phase 3 trial that could support an application to treat the most common form of liver cancer. It recently passed its first interim analysis, and if the trial is successful, Cabometyx could eventually generate more than $1 billion in annual sales. In the numbers Given Exelixis' small market cap of around $2.9 billion, a slight breeze could blast its share price in one direction or the other. If Cabometyx shows clear signs it's headed for the $1 billion mark, the stock could soar. Unfortunately, those signs must appear sooner rather than later, because Exelixis' main cabozantinib patents are set to expire in 2024. Unlike Roche's best-selling products, Cabometyx is a small molecule drug. Once it loses exclusivity, generic competition could quickly hammer its sales. Image source: Getty Images. In stark contrast to Exelixis, Roche needs fire-breathing monster trucks to move the needle. The company finished the first half on pace to generate more than $53 billion in revenue this year. Challenging growth further, biosimilar competition for two drugs that comprised 24.6% of total sales in the first half (Rituxan and Herceptin) could be on the way.  With a rock-solid dividend offering a 2.7% yield at recent prices, and 29 consecutive years of payment raises (in Swiss francs), Roche is a great stock for those in need of steadily growing income. If you're willing to take risk in hope of greater capital gains, though, Exelixis looks like the better buy. Cory Renauer has no position in any stocks mentioned. You can follow Cory on Twitter @TMFang4apples or connect with him on LinkedIn for more healthcare industry insight. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Exelixis. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Cory Renauer (TMFang4apples) Cory is a long-term minded analyst focused on the Biopharma, and Med-Tech industries. He genuinely enjoys cutting through the complexity to help everyday investors make better decisions. Follow @TMFang4apples Article Info Oct 8, 2016 at 7:24AM Health Care Stocks Roche Holding Ltd. (ADR) NASDAQOTH:RHHBY $29.61 down $0.34 (-1.14%) Exelixis NASDAQ:EXEL $16.40 up $0.66 (4.19%) Read More A First Look at Exelixis, Inc.'s Rocket-Ship Drug Exelixis, Inc. Setting New Standard of Care Why Exelixis, Inc. Got Hammered Today Exelixis, Inc.'s METEOR Reaches Orbit, With Shares Up 45% in 2016 Why These Biotechs Saw Double-Digit Gains Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Glaucoma Treatment Market Trends, Opportunities And Analysis ReportsWeb.com published Glaucoma Treatment Market from its database. The report elucidates facts on the glaucoma treatment market as supplemented by the latest available statistics. The report gives valuable insight into technology used in glaucoma tre   (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 08, 2016 ) Scope of the Report The report titled "Global Glaucoma Treatment Market: Trends and Opportunities (2015 Edition)" analyzes the potential opportunities, challenges, demand drivers and significant trends representing the Glaucoma treatment market. The report elucidates facts on the glaucoma treatment market as supplemented by the latest available statistics. It also profiles and analyzes the leading four companies operating in this industry with latest data and a brief overview of their business and financial performance along with a brief discussion of their future business strategies. The report gives valuable insight into technology used in glaucoma treatment market, its demand in various geographies. In the report, we also try to study the growth pattern in the prescriptions and revenue earned by the glaucoma treatment companies and the latest trends concerning glaucoma treatment market. Most importantly, we have analyzed the current market size and project future market size of the overall glaucoma treatment market for the years to come. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/Global-Glaucoma-Treatment-Market---Trends-And-Opportunities:-2015-Edition Company Coverage - Biolite Israeli - Pfizer Inc. - Merck & Co. Inc. - Alcon ( A division of Novartis) Products Covered - Prostaglandin - Combination Market - Carbonic Anhydrase Inhibitor - Beta Blocker - Alpha Agonist & Cholinergic - Surgical Devices Company Profiles: Global Glaucoma Market 1. Biolight Israeli 1.1 Business Overview 1.2 Financial Overview 1.3 Business Strategies 2. Pfizer Inc. 2.1 Business Overview 3.2 Financial Overview 3.3 Business Strategies 3. Merck & Co. Inc. 3.1 Business Overview 3.2 Financial Overview 3.4 Business Strategies 4. Alcon (A division of Novartis) 4.1 Business Overview 4.2 Financial Overview 4.3 Business Strategies Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000182019/sample Executive Summary The global Glaucoma market has been growing rapidly since the past several years mainly due to innovation such as introduction of IOPtiMa, OTP-TX, anti-VEGF therapy, photodynamic therapy (PDT) laser photocoagulation, Rhopressa, latanoprost and Vesneo. Among the several varieties of drugs and surgeries available in the market, the demand for drugs such as Prostaglandins which includes Trabatan, Lumbigan are the highest due to its high efficiency in treating glaucoma. Vesneo has shown a superior intraocular pressure reduction effect on beta-blocker timolol, the most widely used comparator in registration trials for glaucoma, in two phase 3 studies. Globally, the major factors contributing to the growth of Glaucoma treatment market is the higher number of glaucoma patients from the U.S, Europe and Japan. Novel therapies for glaucoma are constantly being investigated by research and development teams of various pharmaceutical companies, at different stages. It can be predicted that novel therapies that work in conjunction with current drugs, such as Prostaglandins, will likely be increasingly common in the near future. Growth of the Glaucoma treatment market could also be attributed to North America where the number of patients suffering from glaucoma is the highest among the rest of the U.S and also from emerging markets such as France and Singapore driven by rapid increase of old age population. Moreover, the Asian market is expected to become a huge potential market for glaucoma surgery devices in the foreseeable future, as it is expected to grow at comparatively the fastest among all other regions. It is estimated that by 2020, 11 million individuals will have vision loss due to glaucoma. Glaucoma market is seen as a diversifying risk to other lines of ophthalmic treatment business and is attracting more and more revenue. Glaucoma treatment companies are launching new technologies and adopting new strategies in the industry and making significant investments. Inquire Before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW000182019/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Who We Are About the Magazine Irish America Team Our Contributors In This Issue Archives Hall of Fame The Lists Business 100 Wall Street 50 Health and Life Sciences 50 Top 50 Power Women Top 100 Stars of the South Blog Events Travel Gift Shop Irish America Celebrates Annual Healthcare & Life Sciences 50 Dr. Barbara Murphy, chief of Medicine at Mount Sinai Health System, delivers the 3rd annual Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 keynote address in Manhattan. (All photos by Nuala Purcell) By Irish America Staff, October 6, 2015 Irish America celebrated its annual Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 Awards Reception, co-hosted with ICON plc, on October 5 in Manhattan. The Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 aims to recognize the best and brightest professionals in the medical industry and highlight the work they are doing to improve the lives of their communities and our healthcare industry. “There’s a lot of change – connected health, personalized medicine, patients being helped through advances in technology and connectivity,” Ciaran Murray, CEO of ICON, said. “And I think that when we look at quality of the people here in this room, the quality of people working in Ireland and the U.S., I think it would be safe to say that we can be optimistic and say that Irish Americans, and Ireland, and America, will continue to be at the forefront of driving that change and movement.” Irish America co-founder and editor-in-chief Patricia Harty spoke towards that theme as well, recognizing the achievements of the honorees and invoking their selfless service to the medical profession. She specifically paid tribute to Nobel laureate Dr. William Campbell (August / September cover story), who was born in Donegal and spent his career working for Merck, where he discovered a cure for river blindness. When he was told of his Nobel Prize, Harty noted, “He said, ‘Well, how can you honor me? It was the team.’ He wanted to make absolutely certain that it was his team, his colleagues, and that he accepted the award on behalf of him.” Honorees Dr. James Watson, Brian Dougherty, Dr. Owen O’Connor, Dr. John Neylan III, Dr. Michael Mullen, and Keynote Speaker Dr. Barbara Murphy and her husband, Peter Fogarty. (Photo Nuala Purcell) Among the honorees in attendance was also Nobel laureate Dr. James Watson, one of the co-discoverers of the structure of DNA for which he was awarded a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1962. Looking at the crowd, Watson, who is 53 percent Irish and whose ancestors come from Nenagh, Co. Tipperary, joked that he is worried “the world doesn’t know yet how prominent the Irish are yet.” Dr. Barbara Murphy delivered the keynote remarks during the reception. Born in Ireland, Dr. Murphy is Dr. Barbara Murphy is the Chair of the Samuel Bronfman Department of Medicine, the Murray M. Rosenberg Professor of Medicine, and the Dean of Clinical Integration and Population Management at the Icahn School of Medicine at the Mount Sinai Health System. In these roles, she is the only female chair of medicine in New York, and one of only three women to be appointed chair of medicine at a top medical school in the country. Dr. Murphy spoke of motivating factors for her professional trajectory and the benefit of both her cultural upbringing and the fact that she had the fortune to attend medical school in both Ireland and the U.S. Dr. Barbara Murphy, chief of Medicine at Mount Sinai Health System, delivers the 3rd annual Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 keynote address in Manhattan. (Photo: Nuala Purcell) “It is at times like these that I remember with amusement my old elementary school teacher, who told my mother I was a dunce and would never be anything. What’s more, she said, my mother shouldn’t even try,” she said. “I was four. Fortunately, my parents persevered.” And yet, she pointed out that, “We Irish are known for our determination, strength of character, persistence – or, less politely put, stubbornness – but all of these characteristics have helped us in times of adversity. They are certainly characteristics that contributed to the resilience of many of your forebears in their journey to this new land. But, we are also known for our humor, not taking ourselves too seriously, and the importance, as the nuns put it, of not having ‘notions about yourself.’ “As a physician, I am incredibly proud of my heritage and how it has shaped my perspective on life. I am very grateful for the outstanding education that I received in Ireland and the values that were instilled in me by my teachers: they taught me the importance of connecting with and having empathy for patients. Scholarship did not matter if you were not kind. If a patient with arthritis winced when we shook their hand, it did not matter what we knew about the disease or the treatment. We had failed, because we hadn’t taken the patient’s overall well being into consideration,” she said. “When I came to the U.S., my Irish education was profoundly supplemented by a rigorous academic experience, and I am the fortunate product of both systems. Without a doubt, it made me a better doctor.” Dr. Murphy also spoke towards the importance of the physician-patient relationship. For her, the ability of the Irish to sympathize and create strong interpersonal bonds is one of the greatest opportunities for those practicing medicine. Moreover, she said, it’s one that the honorees can and should impart to others. “But we Irish, as leaders in the field who come from a tradition of loving the story and the chat and connecting with people, need to ensure that as we drive these advances we remember the importance of the personal interaction between the patient and the physician. We can be listeners, but also be the innovators to develop tools and systems to help manage the data and facilitate that interaction,” she said. “You cannot underestimate the importance of a patient’s trust in their doctor to help calm their fears and contribute to their overall wellbeing.” Following Dr. Murphy’s address, Harty and O’Dowd presented her with the House of Waterford Crystal Lismore Essence Vase Keynote Speaker Award. Founding publisher Niall O’Dowd, Keynote Speaker Dr. Barbara Murphy, co-founder and editor-in-chief Patricia Harty, and ICON chief executive Ciaran Murray. Dr. Murphy holds the House of Waterford Crystal Lismore Essence Vase. (Photo Nuala Purcell) For more on Dr. Barbara Murphy, read her profile in the August / September 2016 issue of Irish America. “It’s something very special to do the Healthcare and Life Sciences because what you guys are doing is actually helping save lives in the future,” founding publisher Niall O’Dowd said. “It’s a great moment for us to once again bring you all together.” In addition to Drs. Murphy and Watson, currently serves as chancellor emeritus at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, where he established the Human Genome Project, the 2016 honorees recognized at the event included: Dr. Michael Mullen, the institute director for advanced medicine and a professor of medicine and infectious diseases at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Mullen has spent his career studying and understanding HIV and AIDS, pneumonia, shingles, syphilis, and tuberculosis while working towards affordable and successful treatments. Michael McLoughlin, chief engineer of Research and Exploratory Development at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory. He is the principal investigator for the innovative Revolutionizing Prosthetics Program and oversees efforts to transition technology for clinical and non-clinical applications. Dr. Geraldine McGinty, assistant chief contracting officer and assistant professor of Clinical Radiology at Weill Cornell Medical College, where she specializes in breast cancer and is a widely-respected expert in healthcare payment policy and the economics of imaging. Dr. Neil Kelleher, a professor of chemistry and molecular biosciences at the Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University, and the director of the Proteomics Center of Excellence and the Kelleher Research Group. Kelleher, from Chicago, is a third-generation Irish American with roots in Cork. The 2015 Irish America Healthcare & Life Sciences 50 honorees also include Dr. BJ Casey, Professor of Developmental Psychobiology and Director of Sackler Institute at Cornell Medical College; Dr. Patrick Conway, chief medical officer and deputy administrator for Innovation and Quality for the Centers of Medicare and Medicaid Services; Toby Cosgrobve, president and CEO of the Cleveland Clinic; Michael Dowling, president and CEO of Northwell Health; John Flannery, president and CEO of GE Healthcare; Sister Carol Keehan, president and CEO of the Catholic Health Association; Amy McDonough, vice president for Corporate Wellness at FitBit; Daniel O’Day, chief operating officer of the Pharmaceuticals Division at Roche; and Margaret O’Kane, president of the National Committee for Quality Assurance. This slideshow requires JavaScript. The honorees are featured in the August / September issue of Irish America. Also in attendance were representatives of ICON, chief medical officer Brendan Buckley, VP Investor Relations & Corporate Development Simon Holmes, and general counsel, executive vice president and company secretary Diarmid Cunningham; Patrick Tully, New York director and national director of the Young Leaders for the American Ireland Funds; Laura Koumas, corporate key account manager at 1-800-Flowers; and Jack Haire, CEO of Concern Worldwide. In addition to ICON, the event was sponsored by the Icahn School of Management at Mount Sinai, Mutual of America, the American Ireland Fund, 1-800-Flowers, House of Waterford Crystal, Coca-Cola, Tourism Ireland, CIE Tours International, the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs, and the Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School at University College Dublin. About ICON ICON is a global provider of outsourced development services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries and is one of Ireland’s most successful indigenous companies. The company specializes in the strategic development, management and analysis of programs that support clinical development – from compound selection to Phase I-IV clinical studies. ICON currently employs over 11,000 employees in 39 countries worldwide. About Irish America After over 30 years in print, Irish America magazine is the leading national glossy publication of Irish interest in North America. Since its inception in October 1985, Irish America has become a powerful vehicle for expression on a range of political, economic, social and cultural themes that are of paramount importance to the Irish in the United States. It has helped re-establish the Irish ethnic identity in the U.S. (34.7 million according to the last U.S. census) and highlights the best political and business leaders, organizations, artists, writers and community figures among the Irish in America. ♦ For more on Dr. Barbara Murphy, click here to read her interview with Sheila Langan in the August / September 2016 issue of Irish America. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name Mail Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Share Tweet More Articles Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 The 2016 Irish America Healthcare and Life Sciences 50 list celebrates Irish innovators who are leading the way in... More A Second Chance at Life One of the country’s top transplant researchers is Dr. Barbara Murphy, the Dublin-born chair of medicine at Mount... More James Watson Dr. James Watson is a Nobel Prize-winning scientist, chancellor emeritus of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, and 2011... More Ruth Sullivan Dr. Ruth Sullivan is the founder and former executive director of the Autism Services Center, a nonprofit health care... More Follow Us Newsletter Twitter Facebook Youtube Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Back Issues Customer Service Additional Advertise Contact Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Site Map Who We Are In This Issue Archives Hall of Fame The Lists Gift Shop Blog Travel Copyright © 2006-2011 Irish American LLC
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Scientific Method / Science & Exploration For ripping off Medicaid, EpiPen maker Mylan pays Feds $465 million In settlement, Mylan doesn’t admit guilt for misclassifying life-saving device. by Beth Mole - Oct 8, 2016 12:47 am UTC Login to bookmark 142 Heather Bresch, chief executive officer of Mylan. Getty | Bloomberg In a settlement announced Friday, Mylan, Inc., the maker of EpiPens, will shell out $465 million to the US Department of Justice and other federal agencies to brush aside any questions about its Medicaid rebates. As Ars reported last week, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) announced that, by misclassifying EpiPens for years, Mylan has been stiffing federal and state governments out of millions of dollars’ worth of rebates. The CMS said that it had notified Mylan of the mistake “on multiple occasions” since 2007, when the company bought the EpiPen from Merck. In the meantime, Mylan hiked the price of the life-saving devices on 15 separate occasions, reaching an increase of more than 500 percent. An EpiPen two-pack now goes for more than $600, while a nearly identical single pen was around just $50 in 2007. The steep rise in price has drawn outrage and scorn from the public and lawmakers. With the $465 million settlement, Mylan hopes to improve its public image. However, as part of the agreement, the company said it would not fess up to any wrongdoing. In a statement, Mylan CEO Heather Bresch said: This agreement is another important step in Mylan's efforts to move forward and bring resolution to all EpiPen Auto-Injector related matters. The agreement is in addition to the significant steps Mylan has taken in relation to EpiPen Auto-Injector over the past several weeks, including the unprecedented, pending launch of a generic version of EpiPen Auto-Injector and expansion of our patient access programs for this product. Entering into this settlement is the right course of action at this time for the Company, its stakeholders and the Medicaid program. The disagreement between the CMS and Mylan centers around how to classify EpiPens under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, which requires drug makers to offer the government rebates if their drugs are covered by Medicaid and Medicare. According to the CMS, EpiPen, which currently has no generic version and is under patent protection, is clearly a brand name, single-source drug. As such, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires Mylan pay a rebate of 23.1 percent to the government. Also, Mylan would be required to cough up extra rebates any time it raised the price of its brand name drug at a rate higher than inflation, which it did—15 times. But, Mylan reported to the CMS that the EpiPen is a generic. As such, the company has only been paying 13 percent rebates and not shelling out anything after price hikes. Although the government has not released an estimated total of how much Mylan underpaid, the Minnesota Department of Health estimates that Mylan cost that state alone $4.3 million just in 2015. Under the terms of the settlement with the DOJ, Mylan will be clear of any liability claims by the federal and state governments related to EpiPens classification and rebates. Expand full story Reader comments 142 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Beth Mole / Beth is Ars Technica’s health reporter. She’s interested in biomedical research, infectious disease, health policy and law, and has a Ph.D. in microbiology.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Ad watch: Will Proposition 61 hurt veterans? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: ‘Hands across Lake Merritt’ Supermoon soundtrack 49ers on 0-8 run Pot grow slaying R.I.P. Leon Russell New Zealand quake News Politics Ad watch: Will Proposition 61 hurt veterans? Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Tracy Seipel | tseipel@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: October 7, 2016 at 5:31 pm | UPDATED: October 20, 2016 at 4:32 pm   This is one in a series of fact-checks of ads running this campaign season. WHAT’S THE AD ABOUT? It targets Proposition 61, which would require the state to pay no more for prescription drugs than is paid for the same medication by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The federal agency negotiates drug prices with pharmaceutical companies, paying on average one-quarter less for drugs than other government agencies do. WHO’S FUNDING THE AD? The No on Prop. 61 campaign has so far raised $86.9 million, the largest war chest for a California proposition this year. The “no” side is backed primarily by pharmaceutical companies such as Merck, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson and Foster City-based Gilead Sciences. By comparison, the measure’s proponents have raised $14.5 million. WHAT DOES THE AD SAY? The ad begins with Mike King, a veteran of the first Gulf War, who is wearing a Veterans of Foreign Wars cap and a military shirt partially emblazoned with the American flag. “I think veterans should be taken care of across the board,” says the Sacramento County resident. While he speaks, a camera pans to U.S. troops marching in camouflage fatigues and desert boots. California VFW commander Dale Smith, an elderly San Diego County resident, takes over from there. He tells viewers that veterans get special pricing for their prescription drugs. As he speaks, the camera zooms in on a Department of Veterans Affairs building and a plaque framing a quote by President Abraham Lincoln, later adopted as the VA motto: “To care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for his widow, and his orphan.” Smith, wearing a VFW cap and dark blazer adorned with war medals, then warns viewers: “But if Proposition 61 passes, then that would increase those medical costs for our veterans.” Finally, as an image of a little girl hugging her soldier father appears, Lamont Duncan, a U.S. Marine Corps veteran who lives in Los Angeles County, says, “It would be terrible for veterans. They would have to pay more for prescription drugs. It’s not the way to go.” IS IT TRUE? The ad accurately reflects the concerns of veterans groups about Proposition 61 — namely, that it could potentially wipe out part of the steep VA drug discounts they now receive. While the measure would not affect the federally mandated 24 percent discount the VA gets on prescription drugs from pharmaceutical companies, it could put at risk additional negotiated discounts that in some cases bring the VA’s prescription drug savings to as much as 42 percent. The nonpartisan state Legislative Analyst’s Office says that to maintain drug manufacturers’ profits, the companies might decide to raise some VA drug prices. But the truth is no one knows for certain what will happen. Veterans groups point to what occurred in 1990, when the federal government factored VA pricing into state Medicaid rebate calculations. The U.S. Government Accountability Office later found that to compensate for their Medicaid losses, pharmaceutical companies in one year jacked up by tens of millions of dollars prescription drug costs for the VA and the Department of Defense. By 1992, a new federal law capped the price the VA can pay at 24 percent below the average manufacturers’ price. And price increases at the VA are now limited to the annual inflation rate. But a VA memo issued in August says if Proposition 61 passes, the department estimated it could lose $3.8 billion if pharmaceutical companies seek to recoup their losses. Proponents of the measure say that if drug prices do rise for veterans, it will have everything to do with the “the pharmaceutical industry’s punitive greed” and not Proposition 61. Tags:  California,  California Ballot Measures,  Elections,  Politics Tracy Seipel Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Five sought in slaying of Contra Costa resident in Northern California pot farm Trump protests: Crowd puts “Hands across Lake Merritt” Man threatened to kill restaurant worker after being denied free food Pittsburg police to issue citation on banner with racial slur Woman fatally shot at East Oakland motel Stanislaus County deputy shot, killed while on duty Oakland: Suspect in triple homicide ID’d Sneak peek: Oakland airport debuts new luxury passenger lounge More in Politics A Gathering of “Healing and Reconciliation” in San Jose November 13, 2016, 8:25 pm Political differences aren’t a divider, but a place to start deep conversations, said participants at at a “Day of Healing and Reconciliation” event on Sunday in San Jose’s Center for Spiritual Living. Alameda: Racist graffiti reported at elementary school November 13, 2016, 8:03 pm Racist graffiti was reported over the weekend at Edison Elementary School, and the Alameda Unified School District is responding by calling for the community to gather Monday morning at all of its elementary schools with signs of hearts and the saying, “Everyone Belongs Here.” Trump protests: Crowd puts “Hands across Lake Merritt” November 13, 2016, 8:43 pm Thousands of Bay Area residents formed a human chain around the lake to send a message of solidarity with those who feel threatened by the Donald Trump’s presidency Will Trump end California’s climate rules? November 13, 2016, 7:03 pm California has been a national leader on environmental laws, but now will be a country in exile in many ways as the Trump administration comes into power. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Exclusive: Interview With DelMar Pharmaceutical CEO Jeffrey Bacha Brett Hershman , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 08, 2016 5:34pm   Comments Share: Related Events for the Week of Sept. 8-12 Related MRK Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election AmpliPhi Biosciences Sweetens Follow-On Offering Terms (Seeking Alpha) Glioblastoma is a rare form of brain cancer that sees less than 200,000 new cases in the United States annually. Vancouver-based Biotech company DelMar Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ: DMPI) is making significant strides in fighting this rare disease. With maximum treatment, glioblastoma remains a devastating disease, with the most common length of survival following diagnosis being 12–15 months, with less than 3–5 percent of people surviving longer than five years. DelMar Pharmaceuticals is taking aggressive steps to combat this disease and create a more favorable outcome with those burdened with a glioblastoma diagnosis. Its product, VAL-083, is under clinical trials and isn't just some moonshot therapy. It possesses a unique anti-cancer mechanism to overcome chemotherapy resistance, a major reason why most glioblastoma patients don't make it. The company will transition to a late state clinical development this year. Related Link: Here's Why Seattle Genetics' Adcetris Is A $2 Billion Product Essentially, VAL-083 attacks the tumor's DNA at a different point compared to current therapy. Another key differentiator with VAL-083 is that it crosses the blood brain barrier, something that most chemotherapies are currently incapable of. This further strengthens its ability to treat brain tumors, which has been the company's primary area of clinical focus to date. "Median survival in the past had been 8 months for glioblastoma, just by adding our drug in addition to radiotherapy, lived 17 months, changing the game. There is clear evidence that we are going to do something in this population," said DelMar Pharmaceutical CEO Jeffrey Bacha in an exclusive Benzinga interview. "We really believe this drug can have an impact for patients in some very important and very large big cancer, while that is exciting from an investor point of view, but also from a patient point of view where patients have very little options, it is life changing," added Bacha. The market potential could be quite large. For example, Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK)'s brain cancer drug Temodar generated $989 million in revenue in 2013 before it came off patent. Glioblastoma is a billion-dollar market. "Even though we are starting out in a focused niche, it really does have true blockbuster potential," Bacha said. DelMar Pharmaceutical's new clinical studies are making headway for some patients and families desperate to find a cure for this devastating disease. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: cancer glioblastoma Jeffrey BachaBiotech Health Care Exclusives Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK + DMPI) Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs Biotech Is Getting A Big Boost Following Clinton's Loss The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on DMPI Trending Recent 1 ANGI, QUOT: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 3 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 4 BAC, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading... 5 FOX, VIVHY: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell... 7 CPLA, CSX: Barron's Picks And Pans: Tr... 1 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 2 FB, PG: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 3 TAP, MO: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Stocks, New Opportuni... 4 PFE, CPLA: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Thermo Fis... 5 HD, TGT: High Earnings Expectations For Home Depot, Not... 6 TREE, TWTR: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios... 7 CMCSA, FOXA: The Simpsons And 7 Great T... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Hurricanes And Power Outages Unlikely To Stop Rising Natural Gas Prices Following Kite Pharma's Positive Top-Line Data, Focus Turns To Commercial Outlook
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Absolute Reports Tweet   MO Source Industry Professional Survey, Growth, Size, Shares, Forecast, Analysis and Supply Demand to 2021 This report studies sales (consumption) of MO Source in USA market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player.   MO Source Industry - Absolute Reports (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 08, 2016 ) The MO Source Market Research Report is a comprehensive analysis of the market with a chapter wise explanation of each important aspect. The thorough analysis in this report enables one to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Detailed TOC and Charts & Tables of MO Source Market Research Report available at- http://www.absolutereports.com/united-states-mo-source-market-report-2016-n-10358219 The MO Source market overview is given in the first three chapters of this report. Definitions and classifications of the market are explained in this part and industry chain structure is explained. Various policies and news are also included. Various costs involved in the production of MO Source are discussed further. This includes labour cost, depreciation cost, raw material cost and other costs. Along with this, the production process is analysed with respect to various aspects like, manufacturing plant distribution, capacity, commercial production, R&D status, raw material source and technology source. This provides the basic information about the MO Source industry. Get a Sample of MO Source market research report from- http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10358219 Further in the MO Source market research report, following points are included along with in-depth study of each point: Marketing Strategy Analysis- It Includes Marketing Channel Analysis having Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing and Marketing Channel Development Trend. Also, Market Positioning Trend is analysed which includes Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client and Distributors/Traders List. Production Analysis- Production of the MO Source is analysed with respect to different regions, types and applications. Here, price analysis of various MO Source market key players is also covered. Sales and Revenue Analysis- Both, sales and revenue are studied for the different regions of the global MO Source market. another major aspect, price, which plays important part in the revenue generation is also assessed in this section for the various regions. Supply and Consumption- In continuation with sales, this section studies supply and consumption for the MO Source market. This part also sheds light on the gap between supple and consumption. Import and export figures are also given in this part. Competitors- In this section, various MO Source industry leading players are studied with respect to their company profile, product portfolio, capacity, price, cost and revenue. This includes following firms: DOW Merck AKZO Nobel Sumitomo Chemical Albemarle Chemtura Lake LED Materials UBE Nata Opto-electronic Buy the Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10358219 Other analyses- Apart from the aforementioned information, trade and distribution analysis for the MO Source market, contact information of major manufacturers, suppliers and key consumers is also given. Also, SWOT analysis for new projects and feasibility analysis for new investment are included. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. Get Discount on Purchase of this Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-discount/10358219 Both established and new players in the MO Source industry can use this report for complete understanding of the market. The Report Provides Insights on Major MO Source Industry Points such as: Applications of MO Source Industry Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of MO Source Market Raw Materials Sources Analysis of MO Source Market Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of MO Source Market Supply, Consumption and Gap of MO Source Market 2016-2021 New Project SWOT Analysis of MO Source Market No. of Report Pages: 115 Price of Report (single User Licence): $ 3800 Have any query? Ask our Experts @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10358219 About Absolute Reports: Absolute Reports is an upscale platform to help key personnel in the business world in strategizing and taking visionary decisions based on facts and figures derived from in depth market research. We are one of the top report resellers in the market, dedicated towards bringing you an ingenious concoction of data parameters. Contact Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email  sales@absolutereports.com www.absolutereports.com Get More Market Research Related News, visit http://www.instapressrelease.com/ Contact Information: Absolute Reports Mr. Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1-408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Pneumococcal Vaccine Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 07, 2016 ) Pneumococcus (Streptococcus pneumoniae), a pathogenic bacterium, is the leading cause of serious illness worldwide. It is the major cause of pneumonia, blood infections, meningitis, sinusitis, and middle ear infections (otitis media). Pneumococcal infections affect children younger than five years and older people (65 years and older), and it is among the leading infectious disease. It kills almost 1.6 million people (including over 800,000 children under five years) every year. It can be prevented by vaccination and involves the introduction of a dead or weakened antigen into the human body. This produces lymphocytes to counter the infection and any future invasions by that antigen. Publisher's analysts forecast the global pneumococcal vaccine market to grow at a CAGR of 13.69% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-pneumococcal-vaccine-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global pneumococcal vaccine market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of vaccines used to prevent pneumococcal infections. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Pneumococcal Vaccine Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) - Merck - Pfizer - Sanofi Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001345912/sample Other prominent vendors - Abera - AstraZeneca - Baxter - Beijing Minhai Biotechnology - Biken - Biogen - Celgene - Eli Lilly - Genentech - Genocea Biosciences - ImmunoBiology - Lupin - Nuron Biotech - Panacea Biotec (India) - S K Chemicals - Serum Institute of India - Sinovac - Valneva Austria Market driver - Inclusion in NIP - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Inadequate vaccine coverage - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Expansion of marketing territories - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001345912/buying Contact Us: Call: +1-646-491-9876 Email: sales@reportsweb.com Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Sign up for The Power Lunch: Florida Politics newsletter - our must-read, weekday roundup of Florida political news and buzz >> Business Workplace Planned layoffs in Florida decrease 29 percent so far this year Marcia Heroux PoundsContact Reporter Planned layoffs by employers up 25 percent in September over year ago, Challenger says Privacy Policy Florida had 1,391 job cuts in September, up 25 percent from 1,109 a year ago, according to Chicago-based outsourcing firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas. However, the small increase in layoffs over the month isn't considered significant by economists, especially taking into account Florida's trend of lower unemployment this year. So far in 2016, planned layoffs by employers have decreased by 29 percent to 11,916, compared with 16,729 a year ago. Of September's planned job cuts, 11 percent were in South Florida: 40 at AXA Assistance USA and 112 at Merck & Co., both in Miami, according to Challenger's data. Nationwide, employers announced plans to lay off 44,324 workers in September, a decrease of 25 percent from September 2015. Employers have announced 435,612 planned job cuts so far this year. That is 12 percent less than the 493,431 job cuts reported through nine months of 2015. "Heavy job-cutting in the energy sector defined the first half of the year. But each quarter has seen the number of overall job cuts decline, as this sector stabilized and the economy continued to improve," said John Challenger, CEO of Challenger, Gray & Christmas. mpounds@sunsentinel.com or 561-243-6650 Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Job Layoffs Unemployment and Layoffs John Challenger Florida's planned layoffs down 85 percent from year ago, firm says South Florida's job growth continues to be strong, state says All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 71°

Coast to Coast with Art Bell Mondays, 12am-5am facebook twitter iphoneapp androidapp Text Us: #30930 Phone: (800) 616 WBEN Business: (716) 843-0600 On Air Listen Live Weekly Schedule Bauerle and Bellavia The Sandy Beach Show The Rush Limbaugh Show The Sean Hannity Show Newsroom Staff Ask The Tax Lady Buffalo Means Business with Buddy Shula The Chris McKay Show Coast to Coast The Financial Guys Show Home Improvement Show with Domenic Cortese Investing Sense Senior Radio Buffalo The Robert Saviola Show Your Family Matters with Dr. Darci Cramer On Demand Newsroom Latest Headlines Breaking National News State News National News World News Business News Entertainment News Health News brought to you by Liberty Home Care Tech News Science News Travel News Off-Beat News Business Buffalo Business News AP Business News Markets Summary Sports 2016 Bills Schedule Buffalo Sports Headlines NHL News NFL News NBA News MLB News Golf News NASCAR News Weather Complete Weather Forecast Closings Flight Information News Alerts on Your Computer Events Buffalo Means Business Networking Event WBEN Photo Galleries WBEN Events Buffalo Community Events Features Contests General Contest Rules WBEN Salutes our Vets WBEN The Feed Blog Bauerle and Beach Sponsors Brenda's Bites Border Crossing Info Poll Results Archive 1Thing WBEN Mobile Streaming WBEN App powered by Valu Home Centers WBEN Text Alerts Be An Insider | More WBEN NewsRadio 930>Audio & Video on Demand>>Bills Sunday Preview with Murph & Mark Tweet Download Share Bills Sunday Preview with Murph & Mark Oct 7, 2016| Related Audio: Russell Salvatore's Veteran's Day Tribute Audio Fri, 11 Nov 2016   Fire update from Lackawanna Mayor Geoffrey Szymanski Audio Fri, 11 Nov 2016   Friday Morning at the Fire Scene with Tim Wenger Audio Fri, 11 Nov 2016   Mr. Trump Goes to Washington- ABC's Ric Klein Audio Fri, 11 Nov 2016   + Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate) We are brought to this point I've got you all senators want speed experience and a winning team shop fast shop Smart shot value homes senators and Banc hearing of valuation services. Because it's good to hear let's start things off John Murphy mark Kelso. John what is the team heading out to LA I know different teams have different strategies when they're heading out west or a West Coast team heading east. But the bills are handling things that differently than I thought they would at least. Army that paperwork it's there's a lot studies UEFA to go to leave tomorrow around noon. And down turning over the years different approaches have handled it differently but. Other studies about bio rhythms and you don't try to do. Cochran and change and I think. The most reliable were the children of mustard there you know weaker report days earlier it really doesn't matter that much and essentially industries bills. Played port but it went to Ghana west but it ninety. And and look at the Arizona Cardinals they came here early and it didn't help them right. Hayden Merv what time what team is LA. The other thing that won three in a row which gets your attention they. I think Herbert strong defense team that you know it has sucked some weapons on offense but I opened the quarterback situation that soaked them I think. You know they're currently Epoch in a war over a picture prop jet to play. According back so they don't quit kicking him and it remains to be seen went off on Greek up and ready to play the other get a really good running back and talk early in America every trouble heavily black informant pinning him in that space that we could make plays. He comfortably either so that's the appropriate corporate front replica of the secrets of line including. Aron Donald a third year player commitment people think as opposed to cut square leaker. MR Marcel Barry's making his return for the bills this would be just what this does that mean for the buffalo defense. Related to reduce. On the front line there as an opportunity because they're at bell Marcel. And the way I realized he say he wasn't. Clinical policy you will be here after you support it but the ability guys can require multiple offensive players in particular Merck had mentioned that. The strength of this team is not the silly it is not drop a line and that's W queries creates some problems up and so I would that. Free Tucker linebackers on the back and so we have an opportunity then put pressure on the passer. With destruction four guys and NATO he can do that brought a picture yet Kyra Phillips and actually it yet today these. Our John oh win this Sunday would be the first three game winning streak in oh long long time to. Players think about that they probably don't but for coaches or even years while you've been around the team for so long is that something that. Creeps into your mind when nine you hit these types of games. Well I mean I don't think anybody looked at like a long entry in a row order role I think we built because the start because of the to block the start with you. And so the mine. One were better than it's been true but to start second wind on top of each other. I think they're pretty much the way to approach you know just and a of work this week in and beat about the week and at the end of the week and and I looked up to regard. If you play well that you work at it and if you break them up and you got to. A two game win streak or three gangster like wrote in five years of growth. And at the great leader Nikita Cohen but I I'd bet it's for the more crime the more realize. It's strictly a week to week proposition in the so don't quite know how anybody. Well we we it. MR Murphy brought up airing Donald earlier on the rams' defense of life. How do you stop a guy like that if you're the bills' offense. I'm certain things that you can do perks like yet inside it it really play well. Use this and accept it well most good defense that let them do it. The street David this engagement out and so lamb and really attack on children those guys that it gets himself Korean delegate at right attribute. What they call when mood so he'll look Shia and the arms and got our little island and moreover it like what is so there are. That treat some penetration of the field but there's something you can do certain person trapped in inside. That they could run that built and run with all those aren't the vocal coaching art you know John Miller. But I think you'd be really expect it and you'll be lined up so much Eric Wood to. Yeah I think you'll have an opportunity at decrease in space inside the has won. They the phils lineup offensively he'll slide it initiated one of those. One of the opera that Gardner to slide down on the center that is the way so. They'll have some opportunities inside that but no question he's. That biker. You gotta pay attention to him and no more years because it's it's you don't print ads or disrupt collect. All right John Murphy mark Kelso we look forward to hearing you this Sunday bills rams from LA. A late start for thirty starts. advertise with us Poll Dou you approve of Donald Trump's choice of Reince Priebus as his Chief of Staff?   Yes   No   View Results Top Stories Audio Get it Now 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2062 days 16 hrs 16 mins ago WBEN iPhone App 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2062 days 16 hrs 16 mins ago Perks 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2062 days 16 hrs 16 mins ago Contests 03/23/11 10:05 AM Posted 2062 days 16 hrs 17 mins ago Photo Galleries 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2062 days 16 hrs 15 mins ago RSS Center 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2062 days 16 hrs 15 mins ago Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Jobs   |   EEO Public File   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Contest Rules   |   Internships   |   Copyright Notice
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Biosimilars Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Biosimilars Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 07, 2016 ) Biosimilars are defined as the follow-on versions of original biological medicines. These are separately developed after the patent protecting the original product has expired. Biosimilars are intended to have the same MOA as original biological drugs and are designed to treat the same diseases as the innovator's product. They have many similarities, but are not identical to, the reference biopharmaceutical product. Publisher's analysts forecast the global biosimilars market to grow at a CAGR of 55.52% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-biosimilars-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global biosimilars market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sale of products such as somatropin, erythropoietin, colony-stimulating factors (CSF), interferons, interleukins, insulin and insulin analogs, follicle stimulating hormones (FSH), monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), and low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Biosimilars Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Biocon - Celltrion - Dr. Reddy's Laboratories - Hospira - Sandoz - STADA - Teva Pharmaceuticals Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001345914/sample Other prominent vendors - 3SBio - Accord Healthcare - AET Biotech - Allergan - Alvartis Pharma - Amega Biotech - Amgen - Apotex - Aspen - AstraZeneca - Aurobindo Pharma - Baxter - Bharat Serums - Bio Sidus - Biogen - Bionovis - Bioton - BioXpress Therapeutics - Boehringer Ingelheim - Boston Oncology - Cipla - Coherus Biosciences - Daiichi Sankyo - Emcure Pharmaceuticals - Gedeon Richter - GeneScience Pharmaceuticals - GSK - Hetero Drugs - iBio - Intas Pharmaceuticals - JCR Pharmaceuticals - LG Lifesciences - Lonza - Merck - Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma - Momenta Pharmaceuticals - Mylan - Natco Pharma - Novartis - Pfenex - Pfizer - Ranbaxy Laboratories - Roche Holding - Samsung Biologics - Sanofi - Synthon - Wockhardt - Zydus Cadila Healthcare Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001345914/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Pre-Eclampsia Pipeline - Market Analysis, Therapeutics Under Development H2 2016 PUNE, India, October 7, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- RnRMarketResearch.com adds "Pre-Eclampsia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" market research report that provides an overview of the Pre-eclampsia's therapeutic pipeline with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Pre-Eclampsia, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Pre-Eclampsia and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Pre-Eclampsia with 20 market data tables and 13 figures, spread across 63 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/pre-eclampsia-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html . re-Eclampsia Pre-eclampsia is a pregnancy complication characterized by high blood pressure and signs of damage to another organ system, often the kidneys. Signs and symptoms include severe headaches, decreased urine output, nausea or vomiting, shortness of breath, caused by fluid in lungs, impaired liver function, upper abdominal pain, usually under your ribs on the right side.   The report 'Pre-Eclampsia - Pipeline Review, H2 2016' outlays comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Pre-Eclampsia, complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type; that are being developed by Companies / Universities. It also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Pre-Eclampsia and features dormant and discontinued projects. Currently, The molecules developed by Companies in Phase III, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 2, 4 and 1 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Discovery stages comprises 1 molecules, respectively. Companies discussed in this Pre-Eclampsia Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include A1M Pharma AB, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Glenveigh Medical, LLC, LFB S.A., Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. and VG Life Sciences, Inc. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are A1M-001, ALN-AGT, antithrombin (recombinant), digoxin immune fab, PLX-PAD, RMC-035, Small Molecules to Agonize Apelin Receptor for Pre-Eclampsia and VG-1177. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=708039 . The report helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Scope of this report: The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Pre-Eclampsia and reviews pipeline therapeutics for Pre-Eclampsia by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources and key players involved Pre-Eclampsia therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. The research covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities and assesses Pre-Eclampsia therapeutics based on drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects with latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Pre-Eclampsia. Another newly published market research report titled on Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are Addex Therapeutics Ltd, Crinetics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., EffRx Pharmaceuticals S.A., Euroscreen S.A., Merck KGaA, Millendo Therapeutics, Inc. and Vicore Pharma AB. Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome Pipeline market research report of 55 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/polycystic-ovarian-syndrome-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html . Explore more reports on Women's Health therapeutics . About Us:  RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 100,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. We provide 24/7 online and offline support to our customers. Contact:   Ritesh Tiwari 2nd floor, Metropole, Next to Inox theatre, Bund garden road, Pune-411001 Maharashtra, India. +1 888 391 5441 sales@rnrmarketresearch.com SOURCE RnR Market Research More by this Source mHealth Market to Represent $370 Billion in Annual Healthcare Cost Savings Worldwide by 2017 11 Nov, 2016, 16:45 GMT Consumer Drone Market to Grow at 23.4% CAGR to 2020 10 Nov, 2016, 12:30 GMT Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics Market Review H2 2016 10 Nov, 2016, 10:00 GMT View all news by RnR Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Menu Business Entertainment Events Health Life Nature News Features Local News Local Videos Sports Style Technology Travel News Teton County: Jackson fire ladder truck assists with pumpkin mush Teton County: Jackson fire ladder truck assists with pumpkin mush As the Jackson fire truck ladder rose toward the sky on Saturday and firefighters prepared to drop spent jack-o’-lanterns, 11-year-old John Hill eyed the basket enviously. “I wish I could be up there,” he said as he watched the firefighters reach higher and higher above the Teton County Fairgrounds. John and his father brought two pumpkins to smash at the fifth annual Great Pumpkin Roundup, organized by Teton County Integrated Solid Waste and Recycling. Let’s block ads! (Why?) Published at Thu, 10 Nov 2016 10:40:13 +0000 November 11, 2016 News Laramie County Fire District #2 announces new board members Laramie County Fire District #2 announces new board members Laramie County Fire District #2 held a special district election for two open seats on the board of directors. Anita Benton and Kevin Brookshire were each elected for a period of a four year term. They will be sworn in at the December board meeting on Monday, December 12, 2016 at 7:00 p.m. All board meetings are open to the public. Let’s block ads! (Why?) Published at Thu, 10 Nov 2016 04:59:48 +0000 November 10, 2016 News Column: What role do point-of-care devices have in firefighter rehab? Column: What role do point-of-care devices have in firefighter rehab? The ability to rapidly and reliably perform laboratory testing at the patient bedside has taken huge leaps in recent years. There are devices to quickly check a patient’s blood sugar, electrolytes, INR, cardiac enzymes, lactic acid and other biomarkers. Do these devices have a role in the rehab area, or are they only suited for in-hospital care? Glucometers, pulse oximetry, end-tidal carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide (CO) oximetry are all common in EMS, but the use of i-STAT or other point-of-care testing devices is a bit outside the norm of November 9, 2016 News Sublette County Rural Health Care District Appoints New EMS Director Sublette County Rural Health Care District Appoints New EMS Director The Sublette County Rural Health Care District (SCRHCD) is pleased to announce that it recently appointed a new Director of EMS Services. Bill Kluck started his employment with the District in 2005 as a Basic EMT. He has gradually worked to increase his knowledge and skills over the last 11 years to Advanced EMT and, just recently, to Paramedic. His knowledge of and experience within the District and Sublette County make him well-suited for this new, exciting and challenging role, which becomes effective on November 6th. Let’s block ads! (Why?) November 8, 2016 News Grass Fire Burns 40+ Acres South of Cheyenne Grass Fire Burns 40+ Acres South of Cheyenne A grass fire along Interstate 25 south of Cheyenne kept area fire crews busy Friday. Cheyenne Fire and Rescue Chief Jim Martin says firefighters were called to the 4300 block of Clear Creek Parkway around 11:30 a.m. and had the fire under control by 12:20 p.m. The fire burned 40 to 60 acres between Clear Creek Parkway and Berwick Road, but Martin says no structures were lost and no injuries were reported. The cause of the blaze is unknown. Let’s block ads! (Why?) Published at Sun, 06 Nov 2016 16:02:28 +0000 November 8, 2016 News Sweetwater County: Firefighters Put Equipment to the Test in Live Fire Training Sweetwater County: Firefighters Put Equipment to the Test in Live Fire Training Smoke was in the air on Saturday as Sweetwater County Fire District No. 1 ran training at 54 Purple Sage Road. Firefighters were running drills with live fire, wearing full respirator gear, and working with the hoses. Firefighters burned two structures to the ground and used another to practice Principles of Modern Fire Attack, a technique that uses the latest research regarding how best to enter a structure. The firefighters set small fires in the rooms of the building and practiced spraying a steady stream of water into November 7, 2016 News New federal overtime laws take hold in a month New federal overtime laws take hold in a month In less than a month thousands of Wyomingites are getting a raise or being switched back to an hourly wage. New federal overtime laws that go into effect Dec. 1 require employers to pay overtime to workers making less than $47,476 a year, or $913 a week. Up until Dec. 1 employers could designate employees as salaried workers, ineligible for overtime pay, if they made $23,660 a year, or $455 a week. Companies with $500,000 in gross total receipts, not including donations, or that engage in interstate commerce, which includes sending November 5, 2016 News Town/County: Jackson Hole firefighter union president does not speak for us Town/County: Jackson Hole firefighter union president does not speak for us The Jackson Hole Fire Department/EMS and the Jackson Hole Professional Firefighters Local 5067 are two separate organizations. That’s what county officials want to make sure Jackson residents understand after the union endorsed a commission candidate last week. The county fired off a press release suggesting a news story about the union endorsement might have confused people into thinking a public agency made the endorsement. The release was subsequently criticized by the fire union president. The Jackson Hole Daily reported on Monday that the union endorsed Greg Epstein for Teton November 4, 2016 News Casper Fire Department: ‘Fall Back’ Means Time To Check Smoke Alarms Casper Fire Department: ‘Fall Back’ Means Time To Check Smoke Alarms Daylight Saving Time ends this weekend, and “Fall Back” often comes a reminder to change the batteries in your smoke alarms. However, it’s getting to be a little more complicated than that. “Basically we’ve run into problems where we simply don’t have operating smoke alarms in homes,” says Captain Justin Smith of Casper Fire E.M.S., “and so the message has evolved and we want people to take stock of their smoke alarms and make sure they’re less than ten years old, and if they’re not we want to encourage November 3, 2016 News Help The Rock Springs Fire Department Provide Winter Coats For Kids Help The Rock Springs Fire Department Provide Winter Coats For Kids The Rock Springs Fire Department will be participating in Operation Warm on Wednesday night from 5pm until 8pm. Firefighters will be serving burgers at the Elk Street McDonalds location. 15% of the proceeds, along with all of the donations received, will be going to purchase winter coats for boys and girls. The Rock Springs Fire Department (RSFD) invites you to come out to make the event a success. The RSFD also thanks Greg and Cindy Bailey and Ron Warriner for their help in making the event possible. Let’s block November 2, 2016 Home Business Just as you suspected all along: Firing middle managers is good for business Business Just as you suspected all along: Firing middle managers is good for business Tweet Pin It If you’ve spent any time working on the bottom rungs of the corporate ladder, you’ve probably wondered exactly what your better-paid supervisor does. It turns out the answer is just what you learned from “Office Space”: Middle managers do a whole lot of nothing. Today nearly 1 in 5 employees in the United States are tasked with overseeing the producers in a company — representing a ratio that’s at a historic high, according to a recent Harvard Business Review article. The layer of managers and administrators wedged between C-suite executives and rank-and-file employees is so thick yet ineffectual that if you removed most of them, according to the authors Gary Hamel and Michele Zanini, it would have no measurable impact on a company’s output and it could actually improve workplace culture. The number of company overseers, reviewers and approvers – in charge of everything from tracking employee output to filling out human resources documents – has doubled since the early 1980s. By comparison, the number of other types of positions in America has grown by 40 percent, according to an analysis of U.S. Bureau of Economic data by Hamel and Zanini, who are management consultants. These two anti-bureaucracy crusaders found that America’s workplaces have one manager or administrator for every four to five employees. It’s fair to say then, extrapolating from their report, that these 21 million middle managers are so underutilized, they would literally be more productive cleaning the restrooms. Plus, these managers, supervisors and administrators take home about 30 percent of the nation’s total compensation. According to Hamel and Zanini, redeploying these supervisory workers in jobs as productive as the ones performed by their subordinates would boost the national gross domestic product by $3 trillion, amounting to an increase in value to the economy of $141,000 per employee. Productivity in the U.S. workforce, or the amount of goods and services that workers produce over a specific period of time, has been climbing in recent decades — especially among nonsupervisory employees. From 1973 to 2014, nonsupervisory employees have become over 70 percent more productive, according to research released last year by the Economic Policy Institute. (This research doesn’t take into account that U.S. worker productivity slowed down in the first half of this year.) While some of this long-term upsurge in productivity can be attributed to technological advances, like desktop publishing and automation, lower-tier U.S. employees have also been pushed to work longer hours than ever before, often without overtime compensation. Hamel, a London Business School professor and founder of the business-innovation think tank Management Lab in Woodside, California, and Zanini, the co-founder of Boston-based Management Innovation eXchange, are challenging employers to change the way they structure their staffs. The two researchers point to examples of companies that have pared back their bureaucracies to positive effect. Among them is Nucor, a North Carolina steel producer that is run with one manager for every 10 employees. “Nucor’s revenue per employee is nearly twice that of similarly sized U.S. Steel and nearly three times that of ArcelorMittal, the world’s largest steel producer,” the authors wrote in another Harvard Business Review article in July. Other companies that greatly reduced the number of managers include Delaware-based W.L. Gore & Associates, producer of fluoropolymer-based Gore-Tex fabrics; California’s Morning Star, one of the world’s top tomato growers; and Washington-based computer-game developer Valve. They have done so by empowering employees working in teams that can make smarter decisions faster than an organization built on a pyramid of hierarchy. In 2013, Roger Perlmutter, the president of Merck Research Laboratories, noted that the best way for drug companies to reduce their soaring coasts was to “scrape off the top five levels of management, including myself.” Companies have been great at getting the most out of their employees, either by squeezing more hours out of them, automating or outsourcing their jobs or just good old-fashioned “restructuring,” which is corporate-speak for laying off a bunch of people. Perhaps it’s time for business owners to begin to look for ways to improve productivity and profitability before doling out pink slips to their hardest-working staff. Related Posts Poison Ivy: Why Harvard and other elite universities get failing grades on their multibillion-dollar endowments You would think that America’s most elite universities would be … August 12, 2016 6 min read Recent Posts Teton County: Jackson fire ladder truck assists with pumpkin mush Laramie County Fire District #2 announces new board members Column: What role do point-of-care devices have in firefighter rehab? Sublette County Rural Health Care District Appoints New EMS Director Grass Fire Burns 40+ Acres South of Cheyenne Sweetwater County: Firefighters Put Equipment to the Test in Live Fire Training New federal overtime laws take hold in a month Town/County: Jackson Hole firefighter union president does not speak for us Casper Fire Department: ‘Fall Back’ Means Time To Check Smoke Alarms Help The Rock Springs Fire Department Provide Winter Coats For Kids Laramie County: The search begins for body of missing toddler Cody: Critical incident team serves important role Bar Nunn Fire Department hosts haunted house to raise funds for equipment, training Daily Dispatch: Wyoming News Fire danger signs installed on Happy Jack Road west of Cheyenne Cheyenne second-graders honor local heroes Green River home damaged by fire Casper Firefighters Snuff Blaze At Two Homes Members of Albany County Fire District No. 1 up for re-election Laramie City Council to discuss increased fire prevention rating Categories Business Entertainment Features Health Life News Technology Privacy Contact Us 2016 © copyright Sheridan Sun  
