Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Merck & Co., Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2021 Earnings of $4.85 Per Share (MRK) DHT Holdings Inc (DHT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $73.29 Million Stanley Furniture Co. (STLY) Short Interest Down 17.3% in March Clarke Inc. (CKI) Insider Clarke Inc. Buys 21,800 Shares Short Interest in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Drops By 1.9% Hecla Mining Company (HL) Director Anthony P. Taylor Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Insider Dale Alton Craig Sells 80,000 Shares of Stock Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Stake Increased by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Maintains Stake in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Stake Decreased by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Capital City Trust Co. FL Sells 20 Shares of Fastenal Company (FAST) Agenus Inc (AGEN) CEO Garo H. Armen Buys 100,000 Shares of Stock Murphy USA Inc (MUSA) Shares Sold by Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Legg Mason Inc’s FY2019 Earnings (LM) Univar (UNVR) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Ambac Financial Group, Inc. (AMBC) Given $19.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Jefferies Group Brokers Boost Earnings Estimates for Pioneer Energy Services Corp (PES) Community Bank of Raymore Continues to Hold Position in Ryder System, Inc. (R) Community Bank of Raymore Has $743,000 Stake in Calpine Co. (CPN) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Position Maintained by Integrated Wealth Management Merck & Co., Inc. Forecasted to Post FY2021 Earnings of $4.85 Per Share (MRK) April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) – Equities researchers at Jefferies Group issued their FY2021 earnings estimates for shares of Merck & Co. in a research note issued on Monday. Jefferies Group analyst J. Holford expects that the company will post earnings of $4.85 per share for the year. Jefferies Group has a “Underperform” rating and a $52.00 price objective on the stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $58.15 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Cowen and Company reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $68.00 price target on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Tuesday. Piper Jaffray Companies raised Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. HSBC Holdings plc downgraded Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Guggenheim raised Merck & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price target for the stock from $61.63 to $70.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $67.74. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/merck-co-inc-forecasted-to-post-fy2021-earnings-of-4-85-per-share-mrk.html. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) traded down 0.70% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $62.61. The company had a trading volume of 5,932,538 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $64.35 and a 200 day moving average of $62.49. The company has a market capitalization of $171.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.40 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co. has a one year low of $53.06 and a one year high of $66.80. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89. The business earned $10.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.22 billion. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. Merck & Co.’s revenue was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.93 EPS. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a $0.47 dividend. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.00%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 92.61%. In related news, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Michael J. Holston sold 91,959 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total value of $5,881,697.64. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 105,559 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,751,553.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 160,809 shares of company stock valued at $10,261,846. 0.05% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of MRK. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,628,824,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $821,068,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 992.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,936,317 shares of the company’s stock valued at $290,682,000 after buying an additional 4,484,427 shares during the period. Finally, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $252,822,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.10% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Justice Prevails: California DOJ Forced to Return 500+ Guns to FFL Dealer Society Is Being Programmed By A Black Box → Gov’t Admits Rotavirus Vaccine Causes Intussusception, Adds It to Injury Compensation Program Posted on April 14, 2017 by Mary Truthstream Media – by Melissa Dykes, November 2014 Because the Obama administration quietly announced their plans for 3,400-plus new regulations last week just after Ferguson erupted and just in time for the Thanksgiving holiday, a lot of what’s actually going on in that rather long list was already lost and forgotten pretty much the moment it was released. One regulation worth mentioning has to do with rotavirus vaccines and a condition called intussusception.    Intussusception is a serious condition where part of the intestine slides into an adjacent part of the intestines, and it is the most common abdominal emergency to hit kids under the age of two. Usually the intestines become blocked. This results in the veins becoming compressed, the intestines swelling, and ultimately, obstruction. Reduced blood flow can actually kill the affected intestine, causing it to become gangrenous. Intussusception can cause internal bleeding, and it can even cause the intestine to rupture. Symptoms include cramps and abdominal pain which for infants seems like a colicky reaction, vomiting, and lack of appetite. Failure to catch this condition early or misdiagnosis can lead to death. Babies under a year old are most susceptible to intussusception. One of 3,415 new rules (which surely should’ve been in place when rotavirus vaccines first began being administered) officially adds intussusception to the Vaccine Injury Table for rotavirus vaccines under the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program. The rule states: The National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program allows a family of a child, a person, or their estate to receive monetary compensation if they experience a vaccine-related injury or death after receiving a covered vaccine. Currently, no adverse event is listed on the Vaccine Injury Table for rotavirus vaccines. However, recent data point to a small risk of intussusception, and the rule amends the Vaccine Injury Table to provide for this adverse event.  The rotavirus vaccine is administered at two, four, and six months of age in combination with other vaccines. According to the VAERS Database at the time of writing this article, of the nearly 11,000 adverse events reported in children under three after receiving a rotavirus vaccine, there are 532 incidents listed where a child under the age of 3 received a rotavirus vaccine and later presented with intussusception. (Note: there were actually 542 cases, but age was unknown in 10 of them.) The United States currently has the most aggressive vaccination schedule in the whole world. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends we shoot up our infants up with 26 shots by age one, and then ten more shots before age five. Considering what ends up reported in the VAERS Database is only a teeny tiny window into the true number of side effects suffered by patients who are administered vaccines (as most people aren’t even aware the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System even exists to report side effects to in the first place), coupled with the fact that the government has basically been forced to list intussusception as a side effect, this is yet another vaccine risk parents need to be aware of. The World Health Organization officially recommended rotavirus vaccines be included in all national immunization programs in 2009. Only two rotavirus vaccines are approved for infants in the U.S.: Merck’s RotaTeq and GlaxoSmithKline’s Rotarix. This particular vaccine has always stood out as especially controversial considering both its revolving door, conflict-of-interest origins and the fact that the FDA admitted in 2010 these vaccines were contaminated with DNA from two pig viruses. First, about those pig viruses (via the National Vaccine Information Center): On May 7, 2010, the FDA announced that RotaTeq vaccine was contaminated with DNA from two porcine circoviruses: PCV1 and PCV2.  To date the vaccine manufacturer, Merck, has not given any information regarding if, or when, PCV1 and PCV2 will be removed from this vaccine.  Although PCV1 has not been associated with clinical disease in pigs, PCV2 is a lethal pig virus that causes immune suppression and a serious wasting disease in baby pigs that damages lungs, kidneys, the reproductive system, brain and ultimately causes death.  The FDA recommended temporary suspension of the use of Rotarix vaccine on March 22nd after DNA from PCV1 was identified in Rotarix, but did not call for suspension of the use of RotaTeq vaccine after PCV2 was found in RotaTeq. On June 1st, NVIC called on Merck to voluntarily withdraw RotaTeq from the market until PCV2, especially, is removed from the vaccine. Now on to the origin story… In the U.S., the CDC’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) is the body of supposed medical professionals and health experts that officially votes to recommend what vaccines will become part of the mandated childhood vaccine market. Dr. Paul Offit, who has sat on a Merck-funded $1.5 million dollar research chair (the Maurice R. Hilleman Chair in Vaccinology in fact) at The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia since it was created in 2005, just so happened to be a voting member of ACIP from 1998 to 2003. He then went on to take a $350,000 grant from Merck to help develop the Big Pharma company’s RotaTeq pentavalent rotavirus vaccine which was approved by the FDA in 2006. When the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia sold its worldwide royalty interest in the vaccine, Dr. Offit refused to admit how much his take was. The income distributed to Offit has been estimated as high as $46 million. So, essentially the guy who sat on a the board that helped create a captured market for the rotavirus vaccine then went on to create said vaccine. As Dr. Mercola put it, Offit effectively used his position on ACIP to “vote himself rich.” When the good doctor then goes on to write books with scaremongering titles like Deadly Choices: How the Anti-Vaccine Movement Threatens Us All and advises parents on what vaccines to give their infants, just note that Offit has perhaps one of the most vested interests anyone could have — in both his bosses’ happiness and in his own wallet — in doing so. Keep in mind, Dr. Offit is the same guy who once infamously said that according to his studies and in theory, “healthy infants could safely get up to 10,000 vaccines at once,” because children have such great immune systems with such an enormous capacity to respond to “challenges” (not that the human body was designed to respond to all these vaccinations in the first place, which is why manufacturers have to create such a disgusting cocktail of ingredients including heavy metals, formaldehyde, fetal cells, animal tissues and emulsifiers like polysorbate which have been shown in studies to increase permeability in the gut and blood brain barrier). So when it comes to Dr. Offit and promoting vaccines (and the rotavirus vaccine in particular), the phrase “conflict of interest” doesn’t even remotely begin to cover it. As usual, evidence continues to emerge that vaccine “science” is based more on corporate greed than health… And as evidence continues to emerge that ties linking the astronomical rise in autism in the U.S. to vaccines may have been covered up at the CDC, the propaganda is having less and less of an effect on parents as more are making informed choices about whether or not their children should even take so many shots. Most people don’t even know that the government set up a no-fault compensation program through a special vaccine tribunal where parents and others harmed by vaccines have to submit their claims. Did you know the federal government has awarded more than $2 billion in damages to children and adults who have been injured by vaccinations? If you think about this entire situation from a common sense standpoint, it’s absolutely absurd we even live in a nation where the parents of children who are harmed by vaccines aren’t even allowed to directly sue the vaccine manufacturer for creating a dangerous, sometimes life-altering, sometimes life-threatening, sometimes deadly product to begin with, let alone that those parents have to wait until the government admits that a specific vaccine can cause a specific side effect (like rotavirus vaccines officially causing intussusception in official government-funded studies) before that parent can even make a claim for damages because of it. For more information on the corruption surrounding vaccines, watch Truthstream Media’s two-hour exposé “About all those vaccines…” Truthstream Media Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News, Videos. Bookmark the permalink. 402 ← Justice Prevails: California DOJ Forced to Return 500+ Guns to FFL Dealer Society Is Being Programmed By A Black Box → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Cynicles on This Won’t End Well, Trump Names Rabid Cannabis Prohibitionist as Drug Czar RT Hawk on US Conducts Successful Field Test Of New Nuclear Bomb RT Hawk on US Conducts Successful Field Test Of New Nuclear Bomb RT Hawk on ‘Not A Drill’: Panic As NSA’s Windows Hacking Tools Leaked RT Hawk on Georgia Police Officer Fired After Kicking Handcuffed Suspect In The Head BMF on Georgia Police Officer Fired After Kicking Handcuffed Suspect In The Head BMF on ‘Not A Drill’: Panic As NSA’s Windows Hacking Tools Leaked BMF on Addressing Police Misconduct Laws Enforced By The Department Of Justice NC on Trump Won’t Be Cancelling World War 3 After All #Stand Down Mr Trump RT Hawk on Why the OBVIOUS 2017 FALSE FLAG Chemical Attack in SYRIA happened Wade. on Trump Won’t Be Cancelling World War 3 After All #Stand Down Mr Trump RT Hawk on ‘Not A Drill’: Panic As NSA’s Windows Hacking Tools Leaked Angel-NYC on North Korean official warns of preemptive strike of its own Norm on Poll for the Trenchers NC on North Korean official warns of preemptive strike of its own NC on Kim Jong-Un ‘orders IMMEDIATE EVACUATION of Pyongyang’ as tensions with US escalate NC on Air China Suspends Flights To North Korea As Kim Vows “Merciless Response To Any US Provocation” NC on US May Launch Preemptive Strike On North Korea Ahead Of Nuclear Test NC on Trump May Send Up To 50,000 Troops To Syria Cleatus on This Won’t End Well, Trump Names Rabid Cannabis Prohibitionist as Drug Czar Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News MilliporeSigma Announces First Stops in National Curiosity Cube™ Tour BILLERICA, Mass., Apr. 05 /CSRwire/ –  MilliporeSigma today announced nine stops for the first half of its national, year-long Curiosity Cube™ tour. Built on the company’s successful Curiosity Labs™ program, the Curiosity Cube™—a 22×10-foot, retrofitted shipping container that has been transformed into a mobile science lab—is sparking scientific curiosity through interactive, hands-on science experiments. The Curiosity Cube™ tour started in San Francisco and has since made stops in San Diego, Sacramento and Seattle. With a goal of reaching 350,000 students this year, the mobile science lab will visit more than two dozen locations across the United States, including Laramie, Wyoming (April 7-13); Austin, Texas (April 17-30); Houston (May 1-14); Kansas City, Missouri (May 15-28) and St. Louis (May 29-June 30). “As our Curiosity Cube™ travels the United States, we look forward to engaging curious minds of all ages to explore careers in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM),” said Renee Connolly, Head of Communications & Corporate Responsibility, MilliporeSigma. “A commitment to STEM education today means more scientific breakthroughs in the future. We are proud to offer this first-ever program.” All Curiosity Cube™ experiments are staffed by MilliporeSigma employees—allowing visitors to ask questions and discuss possibilities of future careers in the industry. To help execute the Curiosity Cube™ experience, MilliporeSigma is collaborating with Betabox—a provider of on-demand, customized mobile lab spaces supplied with advanced equipment and technologies to promote hands-on learning. Equipped with these tools, the Curiosity Cube™ allows visitors to become immersed in specific science topics—from learning about how DNA works to building their own, custom microbe using a 3D printer. To learn more, or to follow the Curiosity Cube™ tour and other MilliporeSigma activities, visit www.thecuriositycube.com and follow #SPARKCuriosity on Twitter and Facebook. All Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the EMD Group website. In case you are a resident of the U.S. or Canada please go to www.emdgroup.com/subscribe to register again for your online subscription of this service as our newly introduced geo-targeting requires new links in the email. You may later change your selection or discontinue this service. About the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, has 19,000 employees and 65 manufacturing sites worldwide, with a portfolio of more than 300,000 products enabling scientific discovery. Udit Batra is the global chief executive officer of MilliporeSigma. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany completed its $17 billion acquisition of Sigma-Aldrich in November 2015, creating a leader in the $125 billion global life science industry. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is a leading company for innovative and top-quality high-tech products in health care, life science and performance materials. The company has six businesses— Biopharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, Allergopharma, Biosimilars, Life Science and Performance Materials—and generated sales of €12.85 billion in 2015. Around 50,000 employees work in 66 countries to improve the quality of life for patients, to foster the success of customers and to help meet global challenges. Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is the world’s oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company—since 1668, the company has stood for innovation, business success and responsible entrepreneurship. Holding an approximately 70 percent interest, the founding family remains the majority owner of the company to this day. The company holds the global rights to the name and the trademark “Merck” internationally except for the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. About the Corporate Responsibility Efforts of the Life Science Business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany Through its Corporate Responsibility initiatives, the life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, which operates as MilliporeSigma in the U.S. and Canada, harnesses the collective expertise, passion and energy of employees to minimize its environmental footprint and positively impact communities around the world. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany is uniquely positioned to solve the toughest problems in life science through its efforts aligned with strengths in research, innovation and collaboration with the global scientific community. This helps differentiate its business and provides a competitive edge for its customers, while accelerating access to health for people everywhere. The life science business of Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany demonstrates its commitment to Corporate Responsibility through extensive programs in three main areas: Greener Products and Solutions—which includes Design for Sustainability, Green Chemistry, Packaging and Recycling initiatives; Employee and Community Engagement; and Sustainable Operations. Contact: Karen Tiano MilliporeSigma CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Sustain: 2nd Green Finance & Responsible Investments Berlin Forum 2017 Next PostNext Cox Enterprises Amplifies The Trust for Public Land’s Mission to Create Parks and Protect Land for People Search Recent Posts Global Microelectromechanical Systems Market Research Report 2017 Global Mining Feeders Market Research Report 2017 Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Merck & Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 13,210 Shares of Headwaters Inc (HW) Menora Mivtachim Holdings LTD. Has $25.158 Million Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) 5,389 Shares in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Acquired by Fortis Advisors LLC Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Capital International Inc. CA Congress Asset Management Co. MA Invests $5.164 Million in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research BP plc (BP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Earns Outperform Rating from Wedbush Xcerra Corp (XCRA) Downgraded by DA Davidson Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for State Street Corp Lifted by Analyst (STT) Jefferies Group Comments on Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OMED) Guggenheim Capital LLC Boosts Position in Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $445,000 Position in CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $440,000 Stake in Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Hampstead Capital LLP Purchases Shares of 222,700 Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Facebook Inc (FB) is Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s 9th Largest Position PDF Solutions, Inc. (PDFS) Position Maintained by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Reduces Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc (APAM) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research 5,389 Shares in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Acquired by Fortis Advisors LLC April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fortis Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund bought 5,389 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $318,000. Merck & Co. accounts for approximately 0.3% of Fortis Advisors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 21st largest position. Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 88.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 35,668,056 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,226,043,000 after buying an additional 16,764,608 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 992.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 4,936,317 shares of the company’s stock valued at $290,682,000 after buying an additional 4,484,427 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $223,288,000. Swedbank bought a new stake in shares of Merck & Co. during the third quarter valued at $135,119,000. Finally, Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. increased its stake in shares of Merck & Co. by 59.5% in the third quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 5,147,943 shares of the company’s stock valued at $321,283,000 after buying an additional 1,921,350 shares during the last quarter. 74.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK) opened at 62.61 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $171.90 billion, a PE ratio of 44.40 and a beta of 0.79. Merck & Co., Inc. has a 52 week low of $53.06 and a 52 week high of $66.80. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $64.35 and its 200 day moving average price is $62.49. Merck & Co. (NYSE:MRK) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.00. Merck & Co. had a return on equity of 24.08% and a net margin of 14.30%. The company had revenue of $10.10 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $10.22 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.93 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Merck & Co., Inc. will post $3.81 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 7th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a dividend of $0.47 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.88 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.00%. Merck & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 92.61%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/14/5389-shares-in-merck-co-inc-mrk-acquired-by-fortis-advisors-llc.html. MRK has been the subject of several analyst reports. Vetr raised Merck & Co. from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $52.95 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded Merck & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Merck & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Merck & Co. presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.74. In other Merck & Co. news, Director Wendell P. Weeks sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.51, for a total transaction of $322,550.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,100 shares in the company, valued at $329,001. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Adam H. Schechter sold 53,850 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.48, for a total value of $3,418,398.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 160,809 shares of company stock worth $10,261,846. Corporate insiders own 0.05% of the company’s stock. About Merck & Co. Merck & Co, Inc is a global healthcare company. The Company offers health solutions through its prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies and animal health products. It operates through four segments: Pharmaceutical, Animal Health, Healthcare Services and Alliances. The Company’s Pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the Company or through joint ventures. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK). Receive News & Ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Merck & Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saturday April 15, 2017 ePaper Search Subscribe Login Search The European Business daily Companies & Markets Finance Politics Opinion Specials Magazine ePaper Login Subscribe Blockbuster Hopes premium Merck’s Potential Miracle Medicine A new drug to fight cancer could finally bring Merck, and its U.S. partner Pfizer, a new billion-dollar product – if Donald Trump and German politicians play along. By Jürgen Salz and Jacqueline Goebel Published on 14. April 2017, 08:00 Why it matters Why it matters The new drug owned by Merck Group and Pfizer could generate billions of euros in annual revenue, finally giving Merck a new blockbuster medicine after two decades of failed products. Facts Facts Merck’s new cancer drug is based on immunotherapy, which strengthens the body’s own powers of defense against cancer cells. Darmstadt-based Merck Group, founded in 1668, once owned the American firm Merck & Co, although the two have been completely separate since 1917. President Donald Trump has said he will end non-negotiated drug prices in the United States, a highly profitable market for pharma firms. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf The new medicine gives hope to thousands of people as well as Merck's shareholders. Source: Hero Images / Getty Images Even rather esoteric knowledge can lead to a major breakthrough. Stefan Oschmann, formerly head of the biopharma division at German group Merck and now its CEO, understands only a smattering of Farsi, Iran’s national language. He made use of it once while visiting the company’s research center in Boston. Chatting with an Iranian researcher, she explained she was working on an immune therapy that strengthens the body’s own powers of defense against cancer cells. A promising project – except that unfortunately no one was interested in it. Mr. Oschmann was. Spontaneously, according to the legend at Merck, the Persian-speaking CEO agreed to a couple million euros and a good dozen people to work on it. Today, six years later, this small investment is starting to pay off for the German firm, which should not be confused with U.S. pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. Darmstadt-based Merck Group once owned the American firm of the same name, although the two have been completely separate since 1917. After decades in which Merck’s research pipeline was at best dribbling, Mr. Oschmann is looking to revolutionize cancer treatment with the drug called Bavencio and finally make some real money with pharmaceuticals. Mr. Oschmann himself is speaking of a “historically important event.” Analysts are expecting billions of revenue thanks the drug, which costs $13,000 a month in the US and has been developed together with Pfizer since November 2014. The US peer is entitled to half the turnover generated by the new medicine. Want to keep reading? Subscribe now or log in to read our coverage of Europe’s leading economy. Subscribe now Login Article options Why it matters Why it matters The new drug owned by Merck Group and Pfizer could generate billions of euros in annual revenue, finally giving Merck a new blockbuster medicine after two decades of failed products. Facts Facts Merck’s new cancer drug is based on immunotherapy, which strengthens the body’s own powers of defense against cancer cells. Darmstadt-based Merck Group, founded in 1668, once owned the American firm Merck & Co, although the two have been completely separate since 1917. President Donald Trump has said he will end non-negotiated drug prices in the United States, a highly profitable market for pharma firms. Audio Audio LISTEN Pdf Share This Article Similar articles that might interest you PHARMA PRICING premium Merck Group CEO: We’re Not Afraid of Trump In an interview with Handelsblatt, Stefan Oschmann says he is confident the Trump administration will honor existing pricing arrangements with pharmaceutical companies. RESISTANCE MODE premium Big Pharma in Trump’s Crosshairs U.S. President Donald Trump has attacked drug companies for allegedly inflating drug prices. But the boss of German pharma group Merck argues that it's not as simple as that. Health Technology Merck’s Big Deal with Big Data In an attempt to increase digitization and find new forms of revenue, German pharma giant Merck Group is partnering up with Palantir Technologies, best known for its work with security agencies, including the CIA. Pharma market premium The Drugs Don’t Work Despite putting on a brave face, Germany's leading pharmaceutical firms are stagnating due to a lack of new products. They are spending heavily on acquisitions to make up for the shortage, but this is a risky strategy. STEFAN OSCHMANN premium Time to Make his Merck The new boss of Merck, Germany’s oldest pharmaceuticals firm, will be under pressure from the start to cut the firm's debt, integrate its giant new acquisition and crank up its drugs pipeline, starting with a promising new cancer therapy. Lighting Sector premium Taking on Liquid Crystals The closest light source to sunlight, organic light-emitting diodes have a bright future. Pharmaceutical chemical firm Merck hopes they will complement its liquid crystal business, though it will be a while until OLEDs outstrip LCD technology. The European Business daily Handelsblatt is your window to European business and politics. More than 260 journalists in 35 countries are dedicated to this mission. Every day, over a million people read Handelsblatt, the paper of record for the German business community. Handelsblatt is part of Dieter von Holtzbrinck Media, which also owns WirtschaftsWoche, the country’s most-read business weekly. Read the whole story Partner up with Handelsblatt Learn how Handelsblatt can help your company reach its communication targets The B2B Solution Read our imprint  Terms of Service and Data Protection Policy Newsletters Register Login About us Frequently Asked Questions Advertise with us Buy the magazine Customer Service: +49-211-8872727 · 8:00-18:00 CEST  service@handelsblattglobal.com Copyright © 2016 Handelsblatt GmbH. All Rights Reserved. COOKIE NOTIFICATION Handelsblatt Global uses cookies to make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Cookie Policy ALRIGHT
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Human Vaccines Market: Hospital Pharmacies and Drugstores Prominent Distribution Channels for Human Vaccines The vendor landscape of the global market for human vaccines features a markedly high level of consolidation, with the companies Merck & Co, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc., and Sanofi, Pfizer, Inc., collectively accounting for over 70% of the overall market in 2015, notes Transparency Market Research in a recent report. To outplay competitors, companies are focusing on establishing ties with national and international healthcare bodies, strengthening distribution chains, and investing funds in the development and deployment of innovative and more efficient storage and transportation techniques. Browse Market Research Report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/human-vaccines-market…. Transparency Market Research states that the global human vaccines market will exhibit a promising 11.2% CAGR from 2016 through 2024, rising from a valuation of US$28.3 bn in 2015 to US$72.5 bn by 2024. Combination Vaccines to See Increased Rate of Adoption Based on the type of vaccine, the market for human vaccines has been examined in the report for conjugate vaccines, recombinant vaccines, inactivated vaccines, combination vaccines, and attenuated vaccines. Of these, the segment of conjugate vaccines contributed the bulk of revenue to the global market in 2015. Although the segment will continue to be one of the leading product varieties, the segment of combination vaccines will expand at an outstanding pace over the forecast period. From a geographical standpoint, the North America human vaccines market dominated in 2015 and is expected to retain dominance throughout the forecast period, thanks to the presence of some of the world’s leading human vaccine manufacturers. The regional market is expected to reach a valuation of US$28.0 bn by 2024. In the forthcoming years, the Asia Pacific market is expected to emerge as the region with the most promising growth opportunities. The region will exhibit a 12.5% CAGR over the report’s forecast period. High Level of Consumer Confidence about Minimal Side Effects Bolster Market’s Growth Prospects It has been established over the several decades of their use that vaccines present a significantly low risk of fatal and serious side effects. This confidence happens to be the key factors associated with the immense popularity of vaccines for the treatment of a number of diseases among consumers as well as among healthcare practitioners. Several notable healthcare organizations also recommend the use of vaccines to tackle a number of conditions and international agencies such as WHO place massive attention on the state of development of ongoing research activities in the area of human vaccines. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… High Costs of Products Could Hinder Growth Prospects across Cash-sensitive Regional Markets The research, development, clinical trials involved in bringing to market a new vaccine is a highly expensive affair. Moreover, the storage and transportation of human vaccines require specialized and advanced equipment, adding to the overall cost of marketing these products. Moreover, strict regulatory hurdles involved in the process of approval of human vaccines and bulk purchases by government bodies also bring down profitability of the human vaccines market. These factors are especially more challenging in developing and less-developed economies, wherein high cost of products could lead to reduced consumption and demand. This review of the market is based on a recent market research report published by Transparency Market Research, titled “Human Vaccines Market (Vaccine Type – Conjugate, Recombinant, Inactivated, Combination, and Attenuated; Product – Pneumococcal, Influenza, Hepatitis, HPV, Meningococcal, Rotavirus, Measles, Typhoid, and Combination; Age Group – Pediatrics, Adolescents, Adults, and Geriatrics; Distribution Channel – Hospital Pharmacies and Drugstores) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 – 2024.” About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Green Tea With Aloe Vera Mouthwash and Chlorohexidine Mouthwash Next PostNext North America Veterinary Radiography Systems Market is Expected to Exhibit a CAGR of 5.8% from 2016 to 2024 Search Recent Posts The ArcticShark takes to the skies for atmospheric data University of Missouri-Columbia professor receives Presidents Award for Economic Development Sequans and its Module Partners Address IoT Markets Worldwide Animal Advocates to Bid Farewell to Fur With Blowout Canada Goose Protest CORRECT: NZ stocks fall; Tegel hurt by price war Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Constructive Government Policies behind Positive Growth of Global Preventive Healthcare Technologies and Services Market The competitive landscape of the global preventive healthcare technologies and services market includes players such as Dilon Technologies Inc., Alere Inc., Medtronic Inc., Healthways Inc., Omron Healthcare Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., and ScriptPro LLC. The key players are investing heavily in proteomics and genomics with the increased demand for personalized medicines. Furthermore, the market players are focusing on emerging economies where the market has a significant potential to grow in the near future. Browse Complete Report Details of this Market at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/preventiv… High Cost of Installation to Restrain Growth of Global Preventive Healthcare Technologies and Services Market Increasing public awareness about prophylaxis and constructive government policies have played a pivotal role in the growth of the global preventive healthcare technologies and services market. The introduction of advanced technologies has significantly reduced the cost of healthcare. However, high costs of installation and maintenance of healthcare IT solutions have dampened the adoption of preventive healthcare technologies and services. “Deficient patient engagement activities have hampered the motivation of physicians and pharmacists to adopt preventive healthcare technologies,” a TMR analyst notes. Favorable Regulatory Environment Augments Demand for Preventive Healthcare Technologies and Services across North America North America remains the largest market for preventive healthcare technologies and services and is anticipated to retain its position during the forecast horizon. A conductive regulatory environment and a comprehensive healthcare reimbursement scenario have helped the growth of the market across this region. In 2003, the United States Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act made provisions for physicians to avail grants worth US$50 mn to cover the costs of acquisition, installation, and upgrade of preventive healthcare software solutions and technologies. The act also made provisions for availing funds for training staffs. This significantly encouraged the regional healthcare facilities to adopt IT services, thereby aiding the growth of the global healthcare technologies and services market. Lack of Robust Healthcare Structure Hampers Growth of Global Preventive Healthcare Technologies and Services Market across Asia Pacific Europe is the second largest market for preventive healthcare technologies and services. Though the market has ample opportunities to grow across Asia Pacific and Rest of the World, the rate of adoption of preventive healthcare services in these regions is expected to be slow. “The sluggishness in the growth of these regional markets can be attributed to the lack of a robust healthcare infrastructure,” TMR report states. Obtain the Sample PDF Research Report for this Market at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The global preventive healthcare technologies and services market is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 9.7% during the period from 2014 to 2020. The overall market was worth US$72.8 bn in 2013 and is projected to reach a valuation of US$144.8 bn by 2020. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Radiology Information Systems Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2024 Next PostNext Genetic Testing Services Market to Witness a Pronounce Growth by 2023 Search Recent Posts BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit University of Missouri-Kansas City professor receives Presidents Award for Community Engagement Attorney Gouri G. Nair of Phoenix Suspended After Compromising Client Patent Award Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017; New Report Launched Bangalore, Karnataka — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — The Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides comprehensive understanding and unprecedented access to clinical stage partnering agreements entered into by the worlds leading biopharma companies Description The Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 report provides a detailed understanding and analysis of how and why companies enter clinical stage partnering deals and provides details of the latest clinical agreements announced in the healthcare sector. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partner’s negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered – contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of over 2,000 clinical stage partnering deals announced since 2010 including financial terms where available including numerous links to online deal records of actual clinical partnering deals as disclosed by the deal parties. In addition, where available, records include contract documents as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of clinical stage deal making and business activities. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of why companies partner clinical stage compounds/products. Chapter 3 provides an overview of clinical stage deals strategy and deal structure including numerous case studies. Chapter 4 provides an overview of the various payment strategies used in clinical stage deals. Chapter 5 provides a review of clinical stage deal making since 2010. Deals activity is reviewed by year, stage of development at signing, therapeutic area, technology type, as well as most active dealmakers. Chapter 6 provides a detailed analysis of clinical stage payment terms including headline, upfront, milestone and royalty rates for phase I, phase II and phase III deals. Chapter 7 provides a review of the leading clinical stage deal by headline value. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 8 provides a comprehensive listing of the top 50 most active clinical stage dealmaker companies. Each deal title links via Current Agreements deals and alliances database to an online version of the full deal record, and where available, the actual contract document, providing easy access to each deal record on demand. Chapter 9 provides a comprehensive and detailed review of clinical stage partnering deals signed and announced since 2010, where a contract document is available in the public domain. Chapter 10 provides a comprehensive directory of clinical stage partnering deals since 2010 organized by stage of development – phase I, phase II and phase III. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous tables and figures that illustrate the trends and activities in clinical stage partnering and deal making since 2010. In addition, a comprehensive appendix of all clinical stage deals since 2010 is provided organized by partnering company A-Z, deal type, therapy focus and technology type. Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about partnering in the research, development and commercialization of clinical stage products and compounds. Key benefits Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: In-depth understanding of clinical stage deal trends since 2010 Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data Analysis of the structure of clinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies Insight into the terms included in a clinical stage agreement, together with real world clause examples Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding and access to clinical stage deal trends and structure of deals entered into by leading companies worldwide. Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 includes: Trends in clinical stage dealmaking in the biopharma industry since 2010 Analysis of clinical stage deal structure Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data Case studies of real-life clinical stage deals Access to over 2,000 clinical stage deals The leading clinical stage deals by value since 2010 Most active clinical stage dealmakers since 2010 The leading clinical stage partnering resources In Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017, the available contracts are listed by: Company A-Z Headline value Stage of development at signing Deal type Specific therapy target Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the deal record and where available, the contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand. The Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010- 2017 report provides comprehensive access to available deals and contract documents for over 2,000 clinical stage deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: What are the precise rights granted or optioned? What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? What exclusivity is granted? What is the payment structure for the deal? How aresalesand payments audited? What is the deal term? How are the key terms of the agreement defined? How are IPRs handled and owned? Who is responsible for commercialization? Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? How is confidentiality and publication managed? How are disputes to be resolved? Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? What happens when there is a change of ownership? What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? Benefits Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017 provides the reader with the following key benefits: In-depth understanding of clinical stage deal trends since 2010 Access to headline, upfront, milestone and royalty data Comprehensive access to over 2,000 clinical stage deals together with contract documents if available Detailed access to actual clinical stage deals entered into by the leading fifty big pharma and big biotech companies along with other biopharma companies Analysis of the structure of clinical stage agreements with numerous real life case studies Identify leading clinical stage deals by value since 2010 Identify the most active clinical stage dealmakers since 2010 Full listing of clinical stage deals by company A-Z, phase of development, deal type, therapy and technology focus Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Spanning over 1000 pages „Global Clinical Stage Partnering Terms and Agreements in Pharma and Biotech 2010-2017” report covers Executive Summary, Introduction, Why do companies partner clinical stage compounds?, Clinical stage deal strategies and structure, Clinical stage partnering payment strategies, Trends in clinical stage deal making, Payment terms for clinical stage partnering, Leading clinical stage deals, Top 50 most active clinical stage dealmakers, Clinical stage partnering contracts directory, Clinical stage deal making by development stage, Appendices. For more information Visit at: http://www.drugpipeline.net/current-partnering/global-clinical-stage-partnering-terms-and-agreements-pharma-and-biotech-2010-0 About DrugPipeline.net DrugPipeline.net is a market research reports distribution platform which hosts research reports from all leading global market research firms related to pharma industry. It also assist decision makers locate the right market research solution from a single place. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UV Germicidal Lamp Market Analysis, Manufacturing Cost Structure, Growth Opportunities and Restraint to 2021 Next PostNext Homeowners Improve Outdoor Living Thanks to the Stone Center of VA Search Recent Posts Mindworks Hypnosis NLP Receives 2017 Best of Bellevue Award Eagle Technology Signs New Client, Farwaniya Hospital, In Middle East Mountain West Financial Continues to Successfully Grow with One New Retail Location and One New Licensed State World’s Slimmest Ebook, IPDF Reader Has Entered The Iphone World Scientology Public Information Center surpasses its 11,000 Visitor Mark Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 4 minute Read While You’re Paying Your Taxes, Big Companies Are Expertly Avoiding Paying Theirs The 50 biggest offenders will avoid paying $135 billion in taxes this year–and new tax reform proposals won’t do much to help the problem. Historically, the 50 companies that keep the most money offshore have kept an astounding $1.36 trillion in total revenue out of the U.S. [Source Photo: Arsgera/iStock] By Ben Schiller04.14.17 | 6:30 am As you put the finishing touches on your tax returns, remember that while U.S. companies face tax rates of 35% (the highest in the advanced industrial world) many don’t actually pay that much. Instead, they choose to keep their profits offshore. The last few decades have seen a steady–and perfectly legal–accumulation of income in havens like Bermuda and the Cayman Islands. Apple, for instance, now has more than $200 billion offshore. The 50 companies that keep the most money offshore combined this year to keep a total of $135 billion from the IRS, new figures from Oxfam, the international charity, show. Historically, they’ve kept an astounding $1.36 trillion in total revenue out of the U.S., so it won’t be taxed. The companies with the most money offshore are Apple, Pfizer, Microsoft, GE, IBM, and Merck. [Source Photo: Arsgera/iStock]That revenue then needs to come from other sources, including small businesses and individuals. Multinationals enjoy several advantages over smaller, domestic business, including the ability to shift profits between countries for tax reasons, and lobbying power in Washington, D.C. The top 50 companies spent about $2.5 billion between 2009 to 2015 making their case with lawmakers, the report finds. The top five spenders on tax lobbying were General Electric, Verizon Communications, Comcast, AT&T, and Exxon Mobil, together accounting for a quarter of all tax lobbying by the top 50 companies. The companies with the most money offshore are Apple, Pfizer, Microsoft, GE, IBM, and Merck, according to the report. In 2015, the top 50 had a total of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens, while receiving a total of $423 billion in various federal tax breaks. This untaxed money sits idle, doing little for Apple’s–or any other company’s–productivity. It’s lost to R&D departments, to investors, and to U.S. taxpayers. Most experts, left and right, agree that we should work to get that money home where it can be more useful. And, indeed, corporate tax “reform” now being considered by Congress aims to do just that. Republicans want a tax repatriation “holiday” of 10% (instead of 35%) to encourage companies to invest their money in this country, as well as a cut to the normal corporate rate to 20% (Trump actually called for 15% during the election). At the same time, they’ve also proposed something called “border adjustment,” which effectively taxes imports at a rate 20% higher than exports. That way, the argument goes, companies are encouraged to make stuff in the U.S. instead of importing it from China or another low-cost locale. Even Democrats may be open to modest corporate tax reform: President Obama proposed lowering the rate to 28% and one-time holiday at a 14% rate. Oxfam, however, makes a strong case that these changes, while decent in theory, won’t have the positive economic effects that their proponents claim. While repatriation might save the 50 corporations more than $300 billion in taxes, there’s no guarantee they’ll spend it on things that benefit ordinary people. In 2004, during the Bush administration, another repatriation period resulted in a net loss of 20,000 jobs, $3.3 billion in lost revenues for the U.S. Treasury, and ongoing incentives for companies to stash even more money offshore, a U.S. Senate investigation found. Pfizer, for instance, brought home $35.5 billion in overseas earnings, but cut 11,748 jobs in the U.S. between 2004 and 2007. During the last repatriation holiday, Pfizer brought home $35.5 billion in overseas earnings, but cut 11,748 jobs in the U.S. [Source Photo: Arsgera/iStock]“Repatriation holidays reward companies for keeping money offshore and avoiding their taxes—to the detriment of the U.S. Treasury and taxpayers. This incentivizes companies to move their profits to tax havens in expectation that they will eventually benefit from a one-time tax cut,” the report says. Meanwhile, the Border Adjustment Tax (BAT) could lead to higher prices for clothing, gasoline, and electronics, hitting low-income Americans the most. And it could be disastrous for poorer countries, Oxfam argues. The BAT would remove taxes on exports and stop companies from deducting imports as business expenses. That would make it harder for foreign companies to sell goods into the U.S., and probably raise the cost of paying debts dominated in dollars. Many economists think a BAT would cause the dollar to appreciate, meaning that anyone holding dollar-debt would effectively have to pay more than before. Turkey, for instance, has dollar debts equivalent to 50% of Turkish gross domestic product, Oxfam says. Moreover, a BAT wouldn’t necessarily stop tax evasion. Rather it would create a different “game of whack-a-mole,” the charity says. More effective tax reform would concentrate on fixing loopholes. [Source Photo: Arsgera/iStock] In an interview with Fast Company, report coauthor Robbie Silverman says more effective tax reform would concentrate on fixing loopholes. That includes ending “deferral,” which allows companies to keep cash offshore indefinitely without it being taxed, and “inversions,” where companies merge with rivals in low-tax countries for tax purposes. Oxfam also calls for companies to disclose what they pay in taxes in every location in which they’re based (the U.K. and several other countries have adopted this approach). “You need more international cooperation,” Silverman says. “Instead these [Republican] proposals are nationalistic, and they just make a bad situation worse.” Correction: This article previously misstated the tax amount avoided by companies this year: It’s $135 billion for 2016, and they’ve also kept $1.36 trillion–not billion–off shore to date. About the author Ben Schiller is a New York staff writer for Fast Company. Previously, he edited a European management magazine and was a reporter in San Francisco, Prague, and Brussels. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Ideas This Low-Cost Greenhouse Is Designed To Help The Poorest Farmers Ideas Visualizing The Electric Grid In Real Time, And Other World Changing Ideas In Energy Ideas How Liberia’s New Generation Of Female Entrepreneurs Is Revitalizing The Economy Video How WeWork Created Nas’s New Office Instagram Wades Deeper Into Snapchat Territory--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Lincoln Wants To Drive You Around--And Run Your Errands This School Has No Teachers, No Lectures, And No Tuition Inside One of Facebook's Most Creative Departments How Collaborating With Tony Fadell Sparked Half A Decade Of Creativity Facebook, Uber, AirBnB: Are These Companies Givers or Takers? Ford's Newest Police Car Fights Crime And Climate Change Here’s An Update On President Trump’s Voter Fraud Allegations This Driverless Taxi Could Soon Be Your Next Ride—And Other Stories You Might’ve Missed How This Disconnected Coffee Shop Wants To Stir Up Conversation Here's A Look Inside The World's First LEED Platinum Certified Factory What It’s Like To Meditate On Top Of The World Trade Center Here’s How This Shoe Will Decompose Like Food In Your Trash Cher’s Childhood Advice From Her Mom Still Holds Up Today Headspace CEO On How He'd Prefer Employees Meditate To Their Own Happiness Rather Than Work Success Why Tony Fadell Is Betting On This Idaho Lighting Startup Why Silicon Valley Should Look Beyond A College Degree When Hiring This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud Deconstructing A Scene: Rogue One Is The Amy Schumer Backlash A Symptom Of A Bigger Problem? The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare more stories Leadership Six Job Interview Questions You Should Have Asked (Much Earlier) Leadership Quit Trying To Make Yourself “Smarter” And Do These Three Things Instead Advertising The NBA Playoffs Are Here And Here’s How Stephen Curry Trains His Mind Leadership How To Train Your Brain To Be More Innovative Ideas Ideas This Low-Cost Greenhouse Is Designed To Help The Poorest Farmers Ideas Visualizing The Electric Grid In Real Time, And Other World Changing Ideas In Energy Ideas While You’re Paying Your Taxes, Big Companies Are Expertly Avoiding Paying Theirs Entertainment Entertainment “I’m Really A Rock ’N Roller”: Movie Maestro Hans Zimmer Takes Coachella Design Love Is The Color: How Paisley Park Fostered Prince’s Creativity Advertising Chipotle Gets Real, Burger King Gets Googled: Top 5 Ads Of The Week Co.Design Graphics Why You Should Always Let Somebody Else Pick Your Profile Picture Product Bring The Memphis Group Into Your Home With These Stunning Blankets Product A UI To Make You Fall In Love With Conserving Water Fast Company Ideas This Low-Cost Greenhouse Is Designed To Help The Poorest Farmers Entertainment “I’m Really A Rock ’N Roller”: Movie Maestro Hans Zimmer Takes Coachella Ideas Visualizing The Electric Grid In Real Time, And Other World Changing Ideas In Energy Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News H1 Pipeline on Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) for 2017 Market Therapeutics Growth and Assessment at ReportsnReports.com PUNE, India, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The latest disease pipeline guide Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Past infection with the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and HIV infection are at increased risk compared to the general population. Treatment includes surgery, radiation therapy and chemotherapy. Browse 66 Tables and 11 Figures, 44 Company Profiles, spread across 418 pages available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/944607-hodgkin-lymphoma-b-cell-hodgkin-lymphoma-pipeline-review-h1-2017.html. Companies Profiled are 4SC AG, AbbVie Inc, Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc, ADC Therapeutics Sarl, Affimed GmbH, Alfa Wassermann SpA, Alissa Pharma, Amgen Inc, Arno Therapeutics Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corp, Cell Medica Ltd, Cellectis SA, Celleron Therapeutics Ltd, Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc, Constellation Pharmaceuticals Inc, Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals Inc, Curis Inc, Faron Pharmaceuticals Oy, Incyte Corp, Kite Pharma Inc, MedImmune LLC, Merck & Co Inc, Merck KGaA, Mesoblast Ltd, Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, Mirati Therapeutics Inc, Molecular Templates Inc, NantKwest Inc, NBE-Therapeutics AG, Pfizer Inc, Philogen SpA, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc, Rhizen Pharmaceuticals SA, Rich Pharmaceuticals Inc, Seattle Genetics Inc, Selvita SA, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc, Stemline Therapeutics Inc, Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc, Taiwan Liposome Company Ltd, Theravectys SA, TRACON Pharmaceuticals Inc and Trillium Therapeutics Inc. The Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Order a Copy of Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=944607. The Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 3, 25, 27, 1, 7 and 1 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 6, 5, 1 and 1 molecules, respectively. Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Reasons to Buy: The report procures strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology). Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Other Related Reports B-Cell Chronic Lymphocytic Leukaemia – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma – Heat Map and Analysis Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals market at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/pharmaceuticals/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411001. Maharashtra, India. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us: LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sandy Hennum to be Honored by America’s Registry of Outstanding Professionals with Special Times Square Appearance Next PostNext iWedia and HiSilicon Detail That Their Common Works on Android Are Based on AOSP Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News H1 Pipeline on Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) for 2017 Market Therapeutics Growth and Assessment at ReportsnReports.com PUNE, India, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The latest disease pipeline guide Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides an overview of the Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline landscape. Past infection with the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and HIV infection are at increased risk compared to the general population. Treatment includes surgery, radiation therapy and chemotherapy. Browse 66 Tables and 11 Figures, 44 Company Profiles, spread across 418 pages available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/944607-hodgkin-lymphoma-b-cell-hodgkin-lymphoma-pipeline-review-h1-2017.html. Companies Profiled are 4SC AG, AbbVie Inc, Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc, ADC Therapeutics Sarl, Affimed GmbH, Alfa Wassermann SpA, Alissa Pharma, Amgen Inc, Arno Therapeutics Inc, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, Celgene Corp, Cell Medica Ltd, Cellectis SA, Celleron Therapeutics Ltd, Cellular Biomedicine Group Inc, Constellation Pharmaceuticals Inc, Cornerstone Pharmaceuticals Inc, Curis Inc, Faron Pharmaceuticals Oy, Incyte Corp, Kite Pharma Inc, MedImmune LLC, Merck & Co Inc, Merck KGaA, Mesoblast Ltd, Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, Mirati Therapeutics Inc, Molecular Templates Inc, NantKwest Inc, NBE-Therapeutics AG, Pfizer Inc, Philogen SpA, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc, Rhizen Pharmaceuticals SA, Rich Pharmaceuticals Inc, Seattle Genetics Inc, Selvita SA, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Inc, Stemline Therapeutics Inc, Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc, Taiwan Liposome Company Ltd, Theravectys SA, TRACON Pharmaceuticals Inc and Trillium Therapeutics Inc. The Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) Pipeline Review, H1 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases. Order a Copy of Report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=944607. The Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical and Discovery stages are 3, 25, 27, 1, 7 and 1 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase II, Phase I, Preclinical and Discovery stages comprises 6, 5, 1 and 1 molecules, respectively. Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. Reasons to Buy: The report procures strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies. Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage. Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology). Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic. Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies. Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics. Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) (Oncology) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics. Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope. Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline. Other Related Reports B-Cell Chronic Lymphocytic Leukaemia – Pipeline Review, H1 2017 Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma – Heat Map and Analysis Hodgkin Lymphoma (B-Cell Hodgkin Lymphoma) – Pipeline Review, H2 2016 Explore more reports on Pharmaceuticals market at http://www.reportsnreports.com/market-research/pharmaceuticals/. About Us:  ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari 2nd Floor, Metropole Building, Next to Inox Theatre, Bund Garden Road, Pune – 411001. Maharashtra, India. + 1 888 391 5441 sales@reportsandreports.com Connect with Us: LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports RSS/Feeds: http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml SOURCE ReportsnReports CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sandy Hennum to be Honored by America’s Registry of Outstanding Professionals with Special Times Square Appearance Next PostNext iWedia and HiSilicon Detail That Their Common Works on Android Are Based on AOSP Search Recent Posts Perma-Pipe International Holdings Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results Spring Venture Group CMO Alex Allen Wins Ingram’s 40 Under Forty Award Minister Wharton: UK will stand by people of Ethiopia affected by severe drought MyPractice9 Opens Job Board To Oral Surgeons and Periodontists In Riverside County. Gauze Bandage with Woven-edges Market Analysis, Trend and Growth, Global Analysis & Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Human Microbiome Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Human Microbiome Market is expected to grow from $235.8 million in 2018 to $521.23 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 21.9% during the forecast period. Increasing incidence of lifestyle diseases, growing geriatric population, and technological developments are some of the factors fueling the market growth. By product, Probiotics segment dominated the global market with largest share during the forecast period. North America and Europe commanded the market owing to the improved biotechnological and microbiological research infrastructure. However, Asia-Pacific is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR owing to recuperating research infrastructure in the region. Some of the key players in Human Microbiome market include Ritter Pharmaceuticals, Inc., E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, ViThera Pharmaceuticals, Metabiomics Corp., ActoGeniX, Optibiotix Health Plc, Vedanta Biosciences, Inc., MicroBiome Therapeutics, LLC, Second Genome, Inc., ENTEROME Bioscience, Yakult Honsha Co., Ltd., Osel, Inc., AvidBiotics, Rebiotix Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and Seres Therapeutics. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/human-microbiome-market Applications Covered: • Diagnostics • Therapeutics Diseases Covered: • Cancer • Acute Diarrhea • Diabetes • Mental Disorders • Autoimmune Disorders • Obesity • Other Diseases Products Covered: • Foods • Drugs • Probiotics • Diagnostic Devices • Prebiotics • Medical Foods o Nutritionally Incomplete Formulae o Formulae for Metabolic Disorders o Nutritionally Complete Formulae o Oral Rehydration Products • Other Probiotics Supplements Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/human-microbiome-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Power Transmission in India 2016 : Fact Pack on Network Development, Investments, Opportunities and Challenges Next PostNext E-Health Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Grandparents.com Announces Restructuring for U.S. Operations BOOST Collaborative Announces Senator Barbara Boxer and Actor Jesse Williams as Keynote Speakers at 2017 BOOST Conference Four Princeton Nobel laureates share wisdom, parting advice to graduating seniors NACIO EN MEXICO EL PRIMER LICOR ELECTRONICO New Book Launches “The NEW Health Code Project” for Women Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews 3D Cell Culture Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global 3D Cell Culture Market is accounted for $375.25 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,520.15 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 22.1% during the forecast period. Increasing investment and R&D funding for cell based research, technological advancements and increasing demand for organ transplantation & tissue engineering are some of the factors boosting the market growth. However, high cost of research, and dearth of infrastructure for research in developing countries are anticipated to hamper the market growth. Hence it is an opportunity for players to increase in R&D spending in the growing market to gain the traction. By technology, scaffold-based segment dominated the global market with largest share owing to variety of material and structural choices for scaffold. North America accounted for largest share in the global market followed by Europe owing to rising government support, increasing incidence of cancer and introduction of new products in the market. Some of the key players in 3D Cell Culture market include Nano 3D Biosciences Inc, Tecan Trading AG, Corning Inc., 3D Biotek LLC, Reinnervate Ltd, Lonza Group, Becton, Dickinson and Company, 3D Biomatrix, Inc., VWR International LLC, PromoCell GmbH, InSphero AG, Nanofiber Solutions, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Global Cell Solutions, Inc., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation and Merck & Co., Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/3d-cell-culture-market Applications Covered: • In Vivo Applications for Stem Cells • Cell Based Assays/Toxicity Screening • 3D Printing/Microfluidics • Cancer Cell Research • Regenerative Medicine/Tissue Engineering • Other Applications End Users Covered: • Hospitals and Diagnostic Centers • Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Industries • Research Laboratories • Other End Users Technologies Covered: • Scaffold Free o Microfluidics o 3-D Bioreactors o Ultra-Low Attachment Plates o Hanging Drop Plates o 3-D Petrisidhes o Magnetic Levitations & 3D Bioprinting • Scaffold Based o Micropatterened Surfaces o Hydrogels/Ecm Analogs o Solid Scaffolds Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/3d-cell-culture-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Sales of Inverter Welding Machine Market Evaluated by Type, Applications and Regions Next PostNext Global Metal Material based 3D Printing market – Growth & Forecast to 2021 with CAGR 10.16% Including Key Players Hoganas, Sandvik, SLM Solutions Search Recent Posts Increasing Demand for Titanium Based Implantable Ports Market to Grow at 3.51% CAGR to 2021 : MarketResearchReports.biz FACTS (Flexible AC Transmission System) Market to Rear Excessive Growth During 2016 – 2024 Connected Car Market in Latin America: Opportunities for MNOs to Expand Business Beyond Connectivity Electronic Health Records Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 Industrial X-Ray Inspection Systems Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Sterile Filtration Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Sterile Filtration Market is accounted for $4.12 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $9.57 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 12.7% during the forecast period. Factors such as increasing prevalence of diabetes & kidney failure, enhanced R&D funding and growing demand for biopharmaceutical molecules are driving the market growth. However, strict government rules for validation of filtration process may hamper the market. The emerging markets will provide new growth opportunities for this market. Pharmaceutical & biotechnology segment dominated the global market with largest share in 2015. This is attributed to the more usage of sterile filtration techniques in manufacturing process involved in pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies. North America accounted for largest share in the global market owing to increased R&D spending. Some of the key players in Sterile Filtration market include Starlab Scientific Co., Ltd., 3M, Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., Sterlitech Corporation, General Electric Company, Pall Corporation, Porvair Filtration Group and Parker Hannifin Corp. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/sterile-filtration-market Applications Covered: • Fill-finish Process o Syrups o Large-volume Parenterals o Small-volume Parenterals • Virus Filtration • Bioprocesses o Bioburden Control o Cell Culture Growth Media o Vaccines o Recombinant Proteins o Pharma Drugs o Buffer Filtration o Other Bioprocesses • Pre-Filtration • Utilities Filtration o Water o Air and Gas • Other Applications Membrane Pore Sizes Covered: • 0.45 Microns • 0.22 Microns • 0.1 Micron End Users Covered: • Food & Beverage Industry • Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology Companies • Water Filtration Companies • Academic Institutes & Research Laboratories Products Covered: • Bottle-top Vacuum Filters • Filtration Accessories • Cartridge & Capsules • Membrane Filters o PVDF Membrane Filters o MCE Membrane Filters o PES Membrane Filters o Cellulose Acetate Membrane Filters o Nylon Membrane Filters o PTFE Membrane Filters • Filter Funnels & Holders • Syringe Filters • Other Products Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/sterile-filtration-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Green Packaging Industry Poised for Dramatic Rise with Breakthrough Applications Next PostNext ESD Packaging Market – The Latest Industry Data and Trends Search Recent Posts Jump On It, Latest Single By Mega EDM Label Armada, Expands Up-And-Coming ADN Lewis’s Global Fan Base New Case Study From Web 20 Ranker Reveals Newest GMB Ranking Factors For Google Possum Filter PID Controllers Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 How To Replace Airwheel E6 Smart Electric Bike’s Rear Fender and Front Inner Tube  Here is important news for the people who are looking for the luscious cakes Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Anti-Infective Agents Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Anti Infective Agents Market is accounted for $83.8 billion in 2015 and expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.2% to reach $104.5 billion by 2022. Rising incidences of infectious diseases such as HIV, H1N1, and Ebola virus, awareness amongst the healthcare professionals and the patients and commercialization of pipeline products are boosting the market growth. Trends like treatment rates for communicable diseases in developing countries and treatment of Community Acquired Bacterial Pneumonia (CABP) are expected to impart the market growth. Growing resistance of infection to the drug therapies, high price of drugs, competition between generic manufacturers and perilous reimbursement policies will impede market growth. The antibacterial segment accounted for the largest share of revenue. The anti-viral agents segment is expected to grow during the forecast period. North America commanded the anti-infective agents market and is followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is the fastest growing market due to improvements in healthcare infrastructure, demand for drugs and ongoing government initiatiatives for various control programs and strategic partnership projects. Some of the key players in global Anti-Infective Agents market are AstraZeneca Plc, Boehringer Ingelheim, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer Healthcare AG, Cipla Ltd, Gilead Sciences,Claris Life Sciences Ltd, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Merck & Co., Inc, Novartis AG, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Lupin Ltd, Panacea Biotech Ltd, Pfizer Ltd, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Johnson & Johnson Inc., Sanofi Aventis S.A., Beijing Double-Crane Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, Anhui Jingfang Medical Industry Co.,Ltd and Hoffman-La Roche, Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/anti-infective-agents-market Products Covered: • Antibacterial agents o Cephalosporins o Carbapenems o Fluoroquinolones o Macrolides o Penicillins o Clindamycin o B-Lactam Antibiotics o Oxazolidinones o Aminoglycosides o Quinolones o Sulfonamides o Tetracyclines o Vancomycin • Antifungal agents o Azoles o Echinocandins o Polyenes o Allylamines o Macrolides derivatives o Cresemba • Antiviral agents o DNA Polymerase Inhibitors o Nucleoside Analogs o Non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) inhibitors o Non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs) o Protease Inhibitors o Transcriptase Inhibitors o Neuraminidase inhibitors o Integrase strand transfer inhibitor o Chemokine receptor antagonist • Antituberculosis agents o Aminosalicylates o Diarylquinolines o Hydrazide derivatives o Nicotinic acid derivatives o Rifamycin derivatives o Streptomyces derivatives • Vaccines o Live/attenuated Vaccines o Inactivated Vaccines o DNA & Recombinant vector Vaccines o Toxoid vaccines • Antitreponemal agents Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/anti-infective-agents-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Top Countries Vacuum Cleaners Industry 2022 Market Research Report Next PostNext New Research Report Focused On World Perfluoroelastomer (FFKM) Market Development Overview Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Zimmer Kinectiv Hip Implant Trial Ends In $2 Mil. Verdict For Injured Plaintiff Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market- Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type and Application; Trends Forecast to 2021 Silver Ink Market in United States Analysis, Growth, Demand Research Report 2017-2022 Podiatry Examination Chairs Market: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts to 2021 Homogeneous Catalyst Sales Market Consumption in United States Size, Share, and Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Animal Parasiticides Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Animal Parasiticides market is accounted for $8.16 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $12.87 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.7%. Increasing awareness among people about zoonotic disease and rising adoption of pet animals largely across the globe has made a way for the global animal parasiticide market. With the rise in animal health expenditure, animal-derived food products and animal research along with growing research grants, the market is fueling up. However, preferential adoption of vegetarian diets, stringent approval process for animal Parasiticides and restriction on the use of Parasiticides in food-producing animals are restraining the market to a certain extent. Pour-on and Spot-on segment accounted for the largest market share attributing to its formulations in animal parascitides and growing popularity. The dominant market share is swallowed by Europe followed by North America, owing to increasing awareness about animal diseases, growing number of veterinary practitioners and their income levels, and rising demand for animal-derived food products. Moreover, Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market owing to rise in livestock population and increasing pet adoption. Some of the key players of the Animal Parasiticides market include Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim, Ceva Sante Animale, Elanco, ELI Lilly and Company, Merck & Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Perrigo Company PLC, Sanofi, Vetoquinol S.A., Virbac SA  and Zoetis, Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/animal-parasiticides-market Animal types Covered: • Food-Producing Animals o Cattle o Fish o Pigs o Poultry o Sheep and Goats o Other Food-Producing Animals • Companion Animals o Dogs o Cats o Horses o Other Companion Animals Disease causing organisms Covered: • Endoparasiticides o Heartworms o Lungworms o Gastrointestinal nematode • Ectoparasiticides o Fleas o Mites o Lice Product Types Covered: • Endoparasiticides Products o Oral Liquids o Injectables o Oral Solids Dosage Forms (Tablets, Pills, and Granules) o Feed Additives o Other Endoparasiticide Products • Endectocides Products • Ectoparasiticides Products o Pour-on and Spot-on o Sprays o DIPS o Ear Tags o Collars o Oral Tablets o Other Ectoparasiticide Products Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/animal-parasiticides-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Car Rental Market Poised to Rake in US$ 176.2 Bn by 2025 Next PostNext Pharmacovigilance Market Expected to Surpass US$ 6 Billion in Revenues by 2020 Search Recent Posts Zimmer Kinectiv Hip Implant Trial Ends In $2 Mil. Verdict For Injured Plaintiff Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market- Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type and Application; Trends Forecast to 2021 Silver Ink Market in United States Analysis, Growth, Demand Research Report 2017-2022 Podiatry Examination Chairs Market: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts to 2021 Homogeneous Catalyst Sales Market Consumption in United States Size, Share, and Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Single-Cell Analysis Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Single-Cell Analysis market is estimated at $1.22 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $4.25 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 19.5% from 2015 to 2022. Growing Geriatric Population, Government initiatives for research and development and technological advancements are the factors driving the market growth. On the other hand, high initial investment is hampering the market. Encouragement in Stem Cell Research is opportunity for market growth. Consumables in product segment accounted for the largest share and is expected to grow exponentially with highest CAGR, owing to the repeated purchase of products. By geography, North America captured largest market share because of increase in government support for R&D and establishment of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. However, Asia Pacific region is estimated to grow at highest CAGR during forecast period owing to healthy growth in R&D and increase in medical tourism in the region. Some of the key players in the market include Merck KGAA, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Beckman Coulter Inc. (A Subsidiary of Danaher Corporation), EMD Millipore Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Epic Sciences, Fluidigm Corporation, Laboratory Corp. of America Inc., Illumina, Inc., Nanostring Technologies, Inc., Ge Healthcare, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Nugen Technologies Inc., Qiagen N.V. and Agilent Technologies, Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/single-cell-analysis-market Applications Covered: Medical Applications Circulating Tumor Cells (CTCS) Noninvasive Prenatal Diagnosis in Vitro Fertilization Research Applications Stem Cells Cancer Neurology Immunology Other Applications Products Covered: Instruments Microscopes Cell Microarrays Flow Cytometers Spectrophotometers Hcs Systems NGS Systems Cell Counters PCR Instruments Others Instruments Consumables Assay Kits Cell-Based Assays Immunoassays Beads Reagents Microplates Other Consumables Cell Types Covered: Microbial Cells Human Cells Animal Cells End Users Covered: Cell Banks and IVF Centers Research & Academic Laboratories Hospitals and Diagnostic Laboratories Biotechnology and Biopharmaceutical Companies Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/single-cell-analysis-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Paraffin Wax Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2025 Next PostNext Collavate Releases Google Machine Learning Based Auto-Translation on Collaboration Workflow for Google Drive Search Recent Posts Global Microelectromechanical Systems Market Research Report 2017 Global Mining Feeders Market Research Report 2017 Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market PUNE, INDIA, April 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary This report studies the global Drug Delivery Technologies market, analyzes and researches the Drug Delivery Technologies development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. Novartis AG F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. Pfizer, Inc. Bayer AG Antares Pharma, Inc. Becton, Dickinson and Company Glaxosmithkline PLC 3M Company Merck & Co., Inc. Sanofi Click here for a sample report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1117421-global-drug-delivery-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Drug Delivery Technologies can be split into Oral Drug Delivery Pulmonary Drug Delivery Injectable Drug Delivery Ocular Drug Delivery Nasal Drug Delivery Topical Drug Delivery Implantable Drug Delivery Transmucosal Drug Delivery Market segment by Application, Drug Delivery Technologies can be split into Hospitals Home Care Settings Clinics Diagnostic Centres Other At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1117421-global-drug-delivery-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 Table of Contents Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Drug Delivery Technologies 1.1 Drug Delivery Technologies Market Overview 1.1.1 Drug Delivery Technologies Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Drug Delivery Technologies Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Drug Delivery Technologies Market by Type 1.3.1 Oral Drug Delivery 1.3.2 Pulmonary Drug Delivery 1.3.3 Injectable Drug Delivery 1.3.4 Ocular Drug Delivery 1.3.5 Nasal Drug Delivery 1.3.6 Topical Drug Delivery 1.3.7 Implantable Drug Delivery 1.3.8 Transmucosal Drug Delivery 1.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Hospitals 1.4.2 Home Care Settings 1.4.3 Clinics 1.4.4 Diagnostic Centres 1.4.5 Other 2 Global Drug Delivery Technologies Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Drug Delivery Technologies Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Johnson & Johnson Services, Inc. 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Novartis AG 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Pfizer, Inc. 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Bayer AG 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Antares Pharma, Inc. 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 Becton, Dickinson and Company 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 Glaxosmithkline PLC 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments 3.9 3M Company 3.9.1 Company Profile 3.9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.9.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.9.5 Recent Developments 3.10 Merck & Co., Inc. 3.10.1 Company Profile 3.10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.10.4 Drug Delivery Technologies Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.10.5 Recent Developments 3.11 Sanofi Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1117421 Continued…. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Research Developments Project In-Line Coater Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2021 Next PostNext Diamond Tools Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2017 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Drug Discovery Technologies Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Drug Discovery Technologies market is estimated at $XX million in 2015 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2015 to 2022. Rise in new diseases and growing demand for therapeutics in various diseases are the factors driving the market growth. Stringent regulations and high initial cost associated with drug discovery are the factors hampering the market. Discovering drugs for diseases like Parkinson disease, cancer, nervous disorders is the opportunity for the market growth. Some of the key players in the market include Bayer Healthcare AG, Roche Holding AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Illumina Inc., Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Abbott Laboratories, Beckman Coulter Inc., Aviva Biosciences Corp., Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Novartis AG, Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., Evotec AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Viva Biotech Ltd, Sri Biosciences, GE Healthcare Ltd., Qiagen N.V. and Quantum Pharmaceuticals. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/drug-discovery-technologies-market Technologies Covered: • DNA & Protein Microarrays • High Throughput Screening • Genomics • Biochips • Proteomic Technologies •  Microfluidics • Metabolomics • Pharmacogenomics • Gel Electrophoresis • Bioanalytical Instruments • Chromatography • Bioinformatics • QPCR • Combinatorial Chemistry • Mass Spectrometry • Nanotechnology • RNAi • Nucleic Acid Isolation • Protein • Epigenetics • Cell Based Assays • Laboratory Information Management Systems Applications Covered: • Parkinson’s disease • Cancer • Central Nervous System Disorders • Cardiovascular Diseases • Other Applications End Users Covered: • Biopharmaceutical Companies • Research Institutes • Biotech Companies • Pharmaceutical Companies Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/drug-discovery-technologies-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive High-Pressure Fuel Pump Market Analysis and Forecast: Based On Latest Research 2021 Next PostNext Europe Deuterated Triglycine Sulfate Market Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Helmet Market Research Report – BRG Sports, Schuberth, Nolan, Rudy Project, HJC, Limar SparkFun to host ninth annual Autonomous Vehicle Competition and combat robots at Denver Maker Faire Global Avocado Oil Market Manufactures and Key Statistics Analysis 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Alopecia Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Alopecia market is expected to grow from $8.12 billion in 2015 to reach $12.53 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 17.6%. Growing water and air pollution levels, changing lifestyle habits of people, and growing stress levels are some of the major factors propelling the market growth. Furthermore, increasing consumer purchasing power, technological improvements in treatment methods are other factors boosting the market growth. However, low consumer awareness about treatment types is restricting the market growth. Tropical treatment commands the market share with a higher CAGR during the forecast period. This growth is driven by the high absorbability and non-invasive characteristic of treatment. The oral treatment segment is projected to show a significant growth rate during the forecast period. North America holds the largest market share due to the availability of developed healthcare infrastructure, and higher demand from US. Asia pacific region is expected to witness fastest growth rate during the forecast period. Some of the key players in global alopecia market include Lifes2good, Kirkland Signature, Johnson & Johnson., Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories., Cipla., Alpecin., Vitabiotics., Sun Pharma., Phyto Ales Groupe., Phyto Ales Group, and Merck & Co. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/alopecia-market Alopecia Types Covered: • Alopecia Universalis • Alopecia Totalis • Alopecia Areata Products Covered: • Shampoos and Conditioners • Vitamins and Supplements • Other Products o Gels and Oils o Serums Treatment Types Covered: • Hair Transplant Services • Low Level Laser Therapy • Oral Treatment • Topical Treatment • Injectable o Plasma Therapy o Steroids o Injectable Fillers • Other Treatment Types Genders Covered: • Male • Female End Users Covered: • Homecare Settings • Aesthetic Clinics • Dermatology And Trichology Clinics • Hospitals • Other End Users Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/alopecia-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious How to Get a Tax Extension Next PostNext Wireless Health Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts Global Microelectromechanical Systems Market Research Report 2017 Global Mining Feeders Market Research Report 2017 Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Pyrogen Testing Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Pyrogen Testing market is accounted for $552.1 million in 2015 and is expected to reach $1,425.1 million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 14.5% from 2015 to 2022. Rapidly growing healthcare, pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are primarily favouring the pyrogen testing market. Furthermore, favourable government policies, discovery of new innovative drugs and high incidence of chronic diseases are the factors enhancing market growth. However, strict regulatory norms and high degree consolidation in pharmaceutical industry are limiting the growth of pyrogen testing market. Pharmaceutical outsourcing and rapidly developing healthcare infrastructure in emerging countries offer tremendous growth opportunities for key players in the global market. Kits & reagents segment is likely to acquire the highest market share during the forecast period and is also expected to grow at a higher CAGR. The growth of this segment is attributed to rising adoption and repeat purchase of these products. By test type, In Vitro Tests segment is expected to witness high growth rate during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to be the largest market for Pyrogen Testing and Asia Pacific is projected to grow at a faster pace. The growth of APAC is attributed to the increasing population, developing healthcare infrastructure, rising disposable income, availability of manpower at cheaper rate and outsourcing by key players in developed nations. Some of the key players in the global market include Merck & Co., Inc., Waters Corporation, Ellab A/S, WUXI Pharmatech (Cayman) Inc., Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Genscript, Charles River Laboratories International, Inc., Sigma-Aldrich Corporation, Hyglos Gmbh, Associates of Cape Cod, Inc., Lonza Group and Wako Chemicals USA, Inc. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pyrogen-testing-market Test Types Covered: • In Vitro Tests • Limulus Amoebocyte Lysate (LAL) Tests o Gel Clot Tests o Turbidimetric Tests o Chromogenic Tests • Rabbit Test Products Covered:    • Instruments • Kits and Reagents • Services End Users Covered:                     • Animal Testing • Human Testing Applications Covered:    • Pharmaceutical Industry • Healthcare Industry • Medical Device Manufacturing Industry • Other Applications o Cosmetics o Food & beverages o Plastics & glass products Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific •  Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/pyrogen-testing-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Google News, Industry, Markets, satPRnews, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tissue Engineering Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Minimally Invasive Surgical Instruments Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. Search Recent Posts United States Geotextiles and Geomembranes Industry Growth, Shares, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Thiosulfate Fertilizer Market Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2017 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value Copper Oxide Nanoparticles Market in United States Analysis, Growth, Demand Research Report 2017-2022 Swine Feed Premix Market Overview, Growth Forecast, Demand and Development Research Report to 2021 Aramid Fiber Reinforcement Materials Market in United States Analysis, Growth, Demand Research Report 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News Bipolar Disorder (BPD) Market Research Report : : Technologies, Markets and Players Bipolar disorder, commonly known as manic depression, is a type of mental illness which is characterized by mood swings. Mood episodes are of two types: manic and depressive episodes. The changes in the mental state bring out sudden high or low moods in a person. An individual suffering from bipolar disorder can be happy, joyful, and energized at a particular moment and can also be sad, hopeless, and sluggish at the next moment. This mental illness is termed as bipolar disorder due to these different moods or two poles of mood. Through many research activities, it is observed that certain genes are responsible for the development of bipolar disorder. Individuals with a family history of bipolar disorder are most likely to develop the illness. These kind of mood episodes can hamper the image of an individual at a school or at a job or even in the society. Increase in awareness about diagnosis and treatment of bipolar disorder and unmet needs in the treatment of the disorder are the major drivers for the growth of the market. Increasing acceptance of society regarding mental illness is encouraging individuals to get treated. In addition, growth in technological advancement in identifying genetic disorders and increase in treatment options for genetic disorders are major drivers of the market growth. Government initiatives such as launch of Bipolar Disorder Phenome Database, funded by the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), provide complete information regarding signs and symptoms of the illness. This factor has further contributed to the growth of the market. However, factors such as stringent regulatory frameworks, side effects of anticonvulsants, and limited number of approved anticonvulsants hamper the growth of the market. The global bipolar disorder market is segmented based on types of bipolar disorder, drug class, mechanism of action, and geography. Based on types of bipolar disorder, the market is classified into bipolar I disorder, which is mania or mixed episode; bipolar II disorder, which is hypomania and depression; and cyclothymia, which is hypomania and mild depression. According to drug class, the market is segmented into mood stabilizers, anticonvulsants, antipsychotics, antidepressants, and anti-anxiety drugs. In terms of mechanism of action, the market is segmented into selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, tricyclic antidepressants, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, benzodiazepines, beta blockers, and others. Browse full report on Bipolar Disorder (BPD) Market – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/bipolar-disorder-treat… Geographically, the global bipolar market is distributed over North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America dominates the global bipolar disorder market due to increased awareness and larger availability of treatment options. In the region, the U.S. has a significant market share in terms of revenue, followed by Canada. Europe is the second leading region, contributing to the growth of the market in terms of revenue, with the U.K. and Germany having major share of the market. Asia Pacific is a highly potential market with emerging countries such as India and China. The market in the region is expected to expand at a high CAGR during the forecast period. Increase in awareness about the disease in countries such as India is likely to boost the growth of the market. Latin America and Middle East & Africa are expected to contribute highly to the growth of the market due to improving economy and rising awareness about the mental illness. Key players operating in the global bipolar disorder market include Abbott Laboratories, Bristol-Myers Squibb, AstraZeneca plc, Eli Lilly and Company, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck & Co., Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer Inc., Cephalon Inc., Gedeon Richter plc, H. Lundbeck A/S, Otsuka America Pharmaceutical Inc., Repligen Corporation, and Validus Pharmaceuticals LLC. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The study is a source of reliable data on: Market segments and sub-segments Market trends and dynamics Supply and demand Market size Current trends/opportunities/challenges Competitive landscape Technological breakthroughs Value chain and stakeholder analysis The regional analysis covers: North America (U.S. and Canada) Latin America (Mexico, Brazil, Peru, Chile, and others) Western Europe (Germany, U.K., France, Spain, Italy, Nordic countries, Belgium, Netherlands, and Luxembourg) Eastern Europe (Poland and Russia) Asia Pacific (China, India, Japan, ASEAN, Australia, and New Zealand) Middle East and Africa (GCC, Southern Africa, and North Africa) Request for brochure of this report – www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Each TMR syndicated research report covers a different sector – such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals, energy, food & beverages, semiconductors, med-devices, consumer goods and technology. These reports provide in-depth analysis and deep segmentation to possible micro levels. With wider scope and stratified research methodology, TMR’s syndicated reports strive to provide clients to serve their overall research requirement. US Office Contact 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dental Lasers Market Research Report : : Technologies, Markets and Players Next PostNext Colposcope Market Research Report : : Emerging Market Trends, Size, Share and Growth Analysis Search Recent Posts Canelo Álvarez vs. Julio Chávez Tickets at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas Available at TicketDown.com Beyond Meat Issues Allergy Alert On Undeclared Peanut In Beyond Meat Feisty Crumbles Drewskies No 4 Horizon Air and the International Brotherhood of Teamsters reach tentative agreement for pilots Anesthesia Vaporizers Market Research Report : : Value Chain Analysis and Forecast 2025 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Systemic Antibiotic-Sulfonamide Pharmaceutical Market Details & Outlook Highlights Steady Growth Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Sulfonamide are antibiotics which clinical use since years. These drugs are bacteriostatic in nature and are utilized in the treatment of acute, infectious and various other bacterial infections. The drivers for the Systemic Antibiotic Sulfonamide Market which pushes volume sale of the drug includes the availability of a large number of generics at affordable prices, increasing the prevalence of various infectious diseases and the worldwide rise in elderly population. For the detailed analysis, Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has added a report titled as „Global Systemic Antibiotic-Sulfonamide Combination Pharmaceuticals Market” to its vast database. The research analyzes the market growth of the systemic antibiotic-sulfonamide combination pharmaceuticals product at a global scale for the region including North-America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin-America, Middle-East and Africa. Request for Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2005 Sulfonamides are a group of drugs derived from sulfanilamide, a sulfur-containing compound. This anti-metabolites or sulfa drugs act by inhibiting the folic acid synthesis pathway in a bacterial cell. The drug is mainly used in the treatment of uncomplicated urinary tract infections, respiratory upper tract infections, and bacterial infections such as enteritis, chronic bronchitis in adults, otitis media in children and traveler’s diarrhea. The research has provided the growth proportion for the various geographical regions. It also reports an instinct in the competitive landscape of the top manufacturers. The key players mentioned in the study are: GlaxoSmithKline plc Allergan, Inc. Pfizer Ltd. Sanofi Novartis AG Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Bayer AG Eli Lilly and Company Merck & Co. Inc. AstraZeneca plc Further, the comprehensive evaluation of the market is done by in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. The research serves as the repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including regional markets, technology, types, and applications. The report is an analyzed and reliable source of market segment & sub-segments, market trends & dynamics, supply & demand, market size, current trends, competitive landscape, technological breakthroughs, value chain and stakeholder analysis. Browse Full Global Systemic Antibiotic-Sulfonamide Combination Pharmaceuticals Market Report with TOC : http://www.mrrse.com/systemic-antibiotic-sulfonamide-combination-pharmaceuticals-market The research concludes with a stern focus on the changes in market dynamics which are listed along with the segmentation of the market with second or third level. The market shares, strategies of key players, evaluation of recent industry developments is also presented in a detailed form. The research ends by providing recommendation to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market. About Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords. MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower 90, State Street Suite 700 Albany, NY – 12207 United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559 Email: sales@mrrse.com Follow Us on LinkedIn-https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Follow Us On Twitter-https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Tape Storage Market Snapshot by 2025 Next PostNext Performance Management Software Market to Develop Rapidly by 2025 Search Recent Posts Gravity Filter Market: Strategies, Comparison, Challenges and Forecast to 2022 International Piezoelectric Smart Materials Market Growth with 12.96% CAGR by 2020 – Analysis, Growth, Drivers & Forecast 2016-2020 – Key Vendors: Kyocera,AAC Technologies,Solvay Mist Eliminator Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 International Outsourcing Market in BFSI Sector Growth with 6.79% CAGR by 2020 – Analysis, Growth, Drivers & Forecast 2016-2020 – Key Vendors: Genpact,TCS,IBM,Accenture World Oilfield Services Market by 2020-Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Trend, Forecast & Vendors Analysis with Top Vendors (Halliburton,Schlumberger,Baker Hughes) & more… Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Aged Care Market: Latest Trends and Insights 2023 Most of us want to remain independent and stay in control, but due to growing age our ability starts to decline. Hence, the concept of aged care is introduced, for an easy and better living with proper nursing facility for the higher age group. It is also known as elderly care or eldercare. It emphasizes on the personal and social needs of senior citizens as they need some assistance in their daily activities and medical support who desire to age gracefully. A special act has been taken by the Australian Government for senior citizens known as The Aged Care Act 1997 for people who are unable to live independently of their own. It promises to provides them better and longer living. It is an important distinction that the designing of house, services, activities and employee training of global elderly care falls under the unpaid market sector. The main agenda is to ensure that eldercare services are targeted towards people and areas with the utmost need, it facilitate access to aged care services by those who need them, irrespective of culture, race, language, gender and economic background. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/aged-care-market.html Focus is also given on people who are homeless or lives in remote areas and special care is also provided for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) group. Programs are being adopted for the community based care for older people those are Commonwealth Home Support Program (CHSP) and Home Care Packages Program. These provides coordinated and personalized home care and also offers four classes of package to assist aged people with simple, low, high and very high care needs. Aged care market has lot to offer for the special service providers who are capable to run long-term as well as short-term aged care home, nutraceutical manufacturers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, senior care furniture manufacturers and real estate companies. Special products are being marketed for aged people such as smart seat hair protector, water proof seat protectors, and bed pads. It has already made an impact in developed countries like USA, Canada, and Australia. The aged care market is gaining its popularity in the developing countries like China, Singapore and India, as the major proportion of population is above 65 years. More elderly people will take up aged care services in the future rather depending on their families for care and support as younger people are moving to different cities leaving behind their extended family. Aged care market can be divided on the basis of services and geography. Services can be classified as home care services and residential care services. In home care services, they provide medical or nonmedical benefits which include personal care, skilled-nursing care, companion facilities, physical therapy and medical social services. It also includes in-home hospice care provider. For more information on this report, fill the form @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In residential aged care, they provides well maintained accommodation for those whose care cannot be met in their own homes and thus needs a special care cell. There are again two categories in residential aged care facilities these are respite care and permanent care. Respite care offers short-term and temporary care in a residential aged care facility and supports both the older people and their care givers to live at home for as long as possible. They provide both high and low care facility. On the other hand permanent care offers tailor made individual needs in the residential aged care facility. Some of the key players can be divided on the basis of pharmaceutical manufacturer like Pfizer, Novartis, Merck & Co., GlaxoSmithKline, AstraZeneca and Novo Nordisk. On the basis of nutraceutical manufacturer like Alkemists Labs, Asiamerica Ingredients, Inc., Barrington Nutritionals, Nutralliance, Inc., and Proprietary Nutritionals Inc. Senior care furniture manufacturers can be classified as Phoenix Contract, Inc., Flexsteel and Kwalu. About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Neuroblastoma Treatment Market: Latest Trends and Insights 2023 Next PostNext FASTSIGNS® Seeks Franchisees At ISA Sign Expo April 19-22 Search Recent Posts The ArcticShark takes to the skies for atmospheric data University of Missouri-Columbia professor receives Presidents Award for Economic Development Sequans and its Module Partners Address IoT Markets Worldwide Animal Advocates to Bid Farewell to Fur With Blowout Canada Goose Protest CORRECT: NZ stocks fall; Tegel hurt by price war Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Global Onchocerciasis Treatment Market Share by Industry Research 2017 – 2025 Onchocerciasis is likewise alluded to as waterway visual impairment and contaminates more than 37 million people who are living close quick moving streams and additionally waterways of sub-Saharan range of Africa. Few cases likewise have been accounted for out of Yemen and the Americas. Onchocerciasis is accepted to be the fourth driving reason for preventable visual impairment. Roughly 500,000 of people tainted with onchocerciasis are outwardly genuinely debilitated and another around 270,000 have turned out to be visually impaired for all time from this sickness. An extensive variety of causes lie behind these infections, yet for large portions of them the cause is obscure. There is no present specific treatment, and specialists must attempt to diminish the infection purely. Oral drugs has been as of late appeared to moderate the movement of sickness in a few patients. It is the world’s second driving irresistible reason for visual impairment. WHO prescribes treating onchocerciasis with ivermectin at any rate once yearly for around 10-15 years. The solution incapacitates and executes microfilariae, diminishing exceptional itching skin and ending the movement towards visual impairment. It additionally keeps grown-up worms from delivering more microfilariae for a couple of months taking after treatment, in this way lessening transmission. The commonness of disease can fluctuate amongst towns and was verifiably as high as 80 to 100 percent by the age of 20 years in a few territories, with visual impairment topping at 40 to 50 years old. Preceding control exercises, hyper endemic areas were as often as possible terminated in view of high rates of visual impairment. Obtain Report Details @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/onchocerciasis-treatme… Onchocerciasis Treatment Market: Drivers and Restraints Onchocerciasis treatment market has influenced the demand in recent years, soaring market capitalization of smaller players, rising number of strategic partnerships to scoop out the best of emerging medications or drugs, increased R&D spending by big pharma and emerging players, expanded indications for approved drugs and rising competition between companies producing drugs for same indications are majorly driving the overall onchocerciasis market. A current review in Mali and Senegal has given the primary confirmation of disposal following 15-17 years of treatment. Taking after this finding, the African Program for Onchocerciasis Control (APOC) has begun a precise assessment of the long haul effect of ivermectin treatment ventures and the attainability of end in APOC upheld nations. The World Health Organization has focused on Onchocerciasis for worldwide disposal in select nations in Africa by 2020. Control and disposal programs for this irresistible sicknesses by utilizing the medication ivermectin to stop transmission. Together with evidence of-idea for onchocerciasis disposal with yearly CDTI (community directed treatment with ivermectin) from foci in Senegal and Mali, this has brought about focusing on onchocerciasis end in chose African nations by 2020 and in 80% of African nations by 2025. The difficulties for meeting these objectives incorporate the quantity of endemic nations where struggle has deferred or intruded on control programs, cross-fringe foci, and possible growth of organism strains with low helplessness to ivermectin and co-endemicity of loiasis, another parasitic vector borne malady, which backs off or denies CDTI execution. Some of these difficulties could be tended to with new medications or medication mixes with a higher impact on Onchocerca Volvulus than ivermectin. Troublesome manufacturing procedures of this medication is in charge of its high value, which confines its utilization. There are risks of severe side effects. Uncertainty by the government regulations, also low guidance from doctors in selecting proper drug, reimbursement coverage may be weak sometimes and accuracy or medical technology infancy is concern to a certain extent during the forecast period. While the orphan Onchocerciasis treatment market is for the most part limited to the U.S. what’s more, Africa now, pharmaceutical organizations are probably going to begin taking advantage of the African market — which has a high populace of untreated uncommon sicknesses in 2017–2018. In addition, the emergence of effective generic drugs for the treatment of onchocerciasis is expected to encourage the growth of the market during the forecast period. The growing focus of governments in emerging countries on the development of healthcare infrastructure and creating an awareness regarding the condition are additional positive factors assessed to quicken the development of the onchocerciasis treatment market. Segmentation by Drugs Storomectol (oral) Ivermectin (oral) Segmentation By End User Hospitals Specialty Clinics Others It is to be expected that the global market of orphan onchocerciasis treatment will show steady growth. Pharmaceutical and medical industries have gained popularity by generating new drugs for treatment of Onchocerciasis. Advancement in this field has been moved by different motivating forces, for example, quick track survey conventions, more medical campaigns, government funding and R&D expenses provided by authorized specialists in selective countries, majorly in Africa. Some of the major key players for orphan Onchocerciasis treatment market are Merck & Co., Inc., Mayne Pharma Group, Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., Delta Pharma Ltd., Life Pharmaceutical Company and Taj Pharmaceuticals Limited. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. We have an experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, who us e proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com Browse market research blog: tmrresearch.blogspot.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Hypoparathyroidism Treatment Market Share by Industry Research 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Blockchain Technology Industry 2017- Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit University of Missouri-Kansas City professor receives Presidents Award for Community Engagement Attorney Gouri G. Nair of Phoenix Suspended After Compromising Client Patent Award Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market Foreseen to Grow exponentially over 2016 – 2024 Global Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market Sexually transmitted diseases, also referred to as venereal diseases, are infections transmitted through sexual contact and are caused by viruses, bacteria, and parasites. These infections usually do not show any symptoms. Medically, when symptoms are diagnosed through various tests, a patient is said to be suffering from sexually transmitted disease or STD. Apart from sexual contact, STDs can in some cases also be transmitted through childbirth, breastfeeding, and shared usage of needles. Gonorrhea, HIV, HPV, chlamydia, and syphilis are the common types of STDs. According to data released by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2014, there has been an increase in the reported cases of STDs across the U.S. for the first time since 2006. Browse Complete Report Details of this Market at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sexually-transmitted-d… Rise in incidences of unprotected sex has led to an increase in the prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases, thereby propelling the demand from the global sexually transmitted disease testing market. STD testing is usually advised by physicians even if a person does not show symptoms but has had unprotected sex. There are various types of STD diagnostics available in the market such as viral load monitoring, genotyping, immunoassays, and molecular diagnostic. Global Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market: Overview Lack of awareness about sexually transmitted diseases and the rising incidences of unprotected sex have majorly contributed to the growing prevalence of sexually transmitted diseases. The global sexually transmitted disease testing market has been boosted by the high number of patients suffering from STDs, especially in the age group of 15 years to 24 years. In fact, this age group is the most vulnerable to STDs even though it is relatively a small portion of the sexually active population. Recommendations from various regulatory authorities for annual STD screening for sexually active men and women are expected to further fuel the demand for STD testing. STD screening services are now widely covered under health care services and are likely to augment the growth of the global STD testing market. For example, plans under the U.S. Affordable Care Act offer coverage for recommended STD screening services without cost-sharing. Regulatory authorities such as the World Health Organization have outlined strategies for the prevention and control of STDs. Research activities are being carried out to understand the growing prevalence of STDs, particularly Syphilis, among gay and bisexual men. All of these factors are anticipated to drive the growth of the global sexually transmitted diseases testing market. Global Sexually Transmitted Disease Testing Market: Region-wise Outlook The global sexually transmitted disease testing market has been segmented into four key regions: Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. In North America, a reported rise in the number of people affected with STDs such as gonorrhea, chlamydia, and syphilis has fuelled the demand for sexually transmitted disease testing. Favorable government policies are also expected to boost the demand from the regional market. Recently, the outbreak of Zika virus and the possibility of the transmission of Zika virus through sexual contact have led authorities in countries in Africa and South America to recommend Zika virus testing. Obtain the Sample PDF Research Report for this Market at: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Prominent players in the global sexually transmitted disease testing market include Bayer AG, Merck and Company Inc., Abbott Laboratories, and Home Access Health Inc. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MicroRNA Tools Market Estimated to Flourish by 2023 Next PostNext Radiology Information Systems Market to Register Substantial Expansion by 2024 Search Recent Posts BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit University of Missouri-Kansas City professor receives Presidents Award for Community Engagement Attorney Gouri G. Nair of Phoenix Suspended After Compromising Client Patent Award Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Diabetes Care Technologies, Devices and Therapeutics Market: Value chain and stakeholder analysis Global Diabetes Care Technologies, Devices and Therapeutics Market: Overview Diabetes is a growing global concern. By 2030, approximately 438 million people will be suffering from diabetes, according to The World Diabetes Foundation. The global healthcare expenditure of about 11.6% is held by diabetes care. Presently, there are about 528.7 million people suffering from obesity, which is a key factor triggering diabetes in people. The global diabetes care technologies, devices and therapeutics market is can be segmented on the basis of devices into blood glucose monitoring, insulin delivery, and other glucose testing devices. The report presents a comprehensive overview of various factors contributing to the expansion of the global diabetes care technologies, devices and therapeutics market. It also offers insights into challenges that the market could face over the forecast period. The prevailing trends affecting overall market operations are also studied in the report in detail. Obtain Report Details: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/diabetes-care-technolo… Global Diabetes Care Technologies, Devices and Therapeutics Market: Key Trends The diabetes care market is chiefly driven by sedentary lifestyle and the rising prevalence of obesity. The cases of diabetes reported in the world have tremendously increased over the years. The escalating number of fast food chains all across the globe has added fuelled the obesity issues as well. There is a reduction seen in the physical activities – not only among the elders, but in children as well. All these factors are pushing the market for diabetes care technologies, devices, and therapeutics. On the other hand, reimbursement issues are the main factor limiting market growth during the analysis period. Moreover, third party reimbursements are restricted to the type of coverage they provide concerning devices, diagnosis and treatment of diabetes. Global Diabetes Care Technologies, Devices and Therapeutics Market: Regional Overview On the basis of geography, the global diabetes care technologies, devices and therapeutics market can be classified into North America, Europe, the Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. Asia Pacific is known to lead the market for diabetes care technologies, devices and therapeutics market. The two of the most populated countries of Asia Pacific – India and China – are known to have a large pool of diabetic patients, thereby increasing the demand of the market. According to International Diabetes Federation (IDF), China had 98.1 million and India had 65.1 million adults living with diabetes in 2013. Another reason impacting the growth of the market in this region is the eating habits and sedentary lifestyle of the people. Fill the form for an exclusive sample of this report: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… The Middle East is also a favorable market for diabetes care technologies, devices and therapeutics, followed by North America. High obesity rate, dietary habits, and inactive lifestyle are a few factors that have led to the increase in demand growth of the market in North America. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about one in every 10 American adults has diabetes. If the trend continues, the figure is expected to double or triple by 2050. In 2012, 13.4 million women (11.2 percent) had diabetes, according to the National Diabetes Report. About 15.5 million men (13.6 percent) had it. Global Diabetes Care Technologies, Devices and Therapeutics Market: Key Players The report profiles some of the prominent competitors operating in the market. It also provides insights into the threats and opportunities that the companies are expected to witness in the coming years. Some of the key players in the global diabetes care technologies, devices and therapeutics market are Takeda and Merck & Co. Ltd., Roche, Johnson & Johnson, Glaxosmithkline, Novartis International AG, Abbott Laboratories, Bayer AG, and Sanofi. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR’s global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations. Contact us: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com/ This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Post-menopausal Osteoporosis Market will explore robust size & growth during 2016-2024 Next PostNext Anesthesia Endotracheal Tubes Market: Reporting and evaluation of recent industry developments Search Recent Posts ELECTRONIC LIQUOR ANNOUNCES THAT ITS SPIRITS SUBSTITUTE ARE NUMBER ONE SELLERS IN BARS AND NIGHT CLUBS ACROSS THE USA Artist Jeff Grassie Exhibits His Extraordinary Artwork BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Short Sellers Run for Cover From Major Pharma Stocks By Chris Lange April 12, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Pharmaceutical companies usually are involved in a lengthy process of getting their drug candidates to market through clinical trials. There is a fair amount of risk involved, should a study come back negative or a candidate not be approved. Conversely, if a drug gains FDA approval or passes a clinical trial, there can be big upside. The Trump administration has promised reforms in the health care sector, such as changing the bidding process for drugs and shortening the FDA approval process. It has yet to be seen how much headway the White House can actually make with these reforms, especially after the House of Representatives failed to vote on Trump’s repeal of Obamacare. Keep in mind that short sellers betting against big pharma are taking on an added risk. They have to pay out the ongoing high dividends on top of the cost of borrowing the shares. The March 31 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest decreased in most of these selected pharmaceutical stocks. Short interest in Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) fell sharply to 66.11 million shares from the previous 89.05 million. Its shares were last seen at $33.93, within a 52-week trading range of $29.83 to $37.39. The number of Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) shares short fell slightly to 17.26 million from 17.37 million in the previous period. Its shares were trading at $62.58, in a 52-week range of $53.06 to $66.80. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.’s (NYSE: TEVA) short interest fell slightly to 21.48 million shares, compared to the previous level of 21.87 million. Shares were trading at $32.14, in a 52-week range of $31.90 to $58.16. The sharp fall in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) short interest was to 23.58 million shares, from the previous reading of 35.06 million. Shares were trading at $52.98, within a 52-week range of $46.01 to $77.12. The number of shares short in AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) decreased to 31.82 million, compared to the previous 35.74 million. The stock was trading at $64.18, in a 52-week range of $55.06 to $68.12. Eli Lilly and Co.’s (NYSE: LLY) short interest increased to 10.37 million shares from the previous 9.35 million. The stock was trading at $85.93. The 52-week range is $64.18 to $86.72. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Tesla Posts Huge Short Interest, 27% of Float Rising Oil Prices Push Short Sellers Out of Major Oil Stocks » Read more: Healthcare Business, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, short interest, AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV), Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Eli Lilly & Co. (NYSE:LLY), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (NYSE:TEVA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America Countries Buying the Most Weapons From the US Government 50 Least Powerful People in the World 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Recent North Korean Economy by the Numbers Analyst Opines Amazon Could Be Worth More Than Microsoft Apple Wins Patent for Data Collection, Automation Scheme Fast and Furious Set to Become a Top 10 All-Time Grossing Movie Franchise Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 2 Simple Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster Okta, Inc. IPO: What Investors Need to Know What Investors Missed in the Market This Week Baxter International Inc. says the Justice Dept has a criminal investigation into its IV saline sales Apple receives permit to test autonomous cars in California SEC freezes accounts behind alleged insider trading in General Communication Q1 Earnings Season Ramps Up Good Quality ETFs and Stocks for an Edgy Market Tesla (TSLA) Shares Gain as Musk Tweets New Car Details U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first quarter growth Apple receives permit in California to test self-driving cars: DMV Uber's revenue hits $6.5 billion in 2016, still has large loss 2 Simple Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster Okta, Inc. IPO: What Investors Need to Know What Investors Missed in the Market This Week Trump To Speak At NRA Convention — First President In 34 Years To Do So House Democrat Fact-Checks Science Committee’s Climate Nonsense Delta Now Pays Up To $9,950 If You Volunteer To Switch Flights Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
04152017Headline: Global Hot Water Circulator Pumps Market 2017 to 2022 – Industry Trends,Market Size, Segments, Growth Prospects: Acute Market Reports 18 hours ago Deep Analys is Biochemistry Analyzers Latest Market Research, Fastest Growth, Trends, and Competitive Landscape, Outlook, Demand from 2017 to 2021 18 hours ago Global bioMEMS Market – Global Industry Analysis Growth Trends, Competitive Strategies 2017 – 2022 – by Acute Market Reports 18 hours ago experts advice Car DVR Market by 2021- Industry Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Forecast & Vendors Analysis – by Acute Market Reports 19 hours ago experts advice Carob Bean Gum (LBG) Market by 2021- Industry Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Forecast & Vendors Analysis – by Acute Market Reports 19 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Business Technology & Media Health Care Food & Beverages Consumer Goods Home Business Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market To Reach Worth USD 533.7 Mn By 2022 Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market To Reach Worth USD 533.7 Mn By 2022 April 14, 2017 | by David1990 | Global Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market To Reach Worth USD 533.7 Mn By 2022: Infertility Prevalence And Demand For Hormonal Drugs To Influence The Market Trends According to the latest report published by Credence Research, Inc. “Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market (Treatments: Female Infertility, Oligospermia, Cryptorchidism & Others; Technology: Natural Source Extraction & Recombinant DNA Technology): Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022,” the human chorionic gonadotropin market was valued at USD346.3 Mn in 2015, and is expected to reach USD533.7Mn by 2022, expanding at a CAGR of 6% from 2016 to 2022. Browse the full report Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Market Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016-2022 at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/human-chorionic-gonadotropin-market Market Insights Infertility treatment in both males and females is the major treatment area whereHCG is commonly administered. Growing incidence of infertility in women,contributed by increased maternity age, lifestyle effects and others, hormonaldysfunctions in men and growing incidence of oligospermia are the key factors thathave supported the demand for HCG drugs in the market. The demand for HCG issteady in developed markets of Europe and North America. On the other hand,growing awareness in general population and development of healthcareinfrastructure are supporting the growth in demand for HCG drugs in emergingmarkets. HCG supports the normal development of egg in ovary and stimulates egg release during ovulation. It is also used for infertility treatment in women and to augmentsperm count in men. Young boys with undescended testicles are also administeredHCG treatment. Hugh prevalence of both male and female infertility issues,expanding incidence of low sperm count and sperm density in men are is the keyfactor driving the HCG drugs market. A majority of the products currently availablein the market are natural source, i.e. urine derived HCG. However, in view of batchto batch inconsistency in product purity and requirement of large amount of urinehas resulted in emergence of recombinant production technology. North America is expected to be the largest and most potential regional market forhuman chorionic gonadotropin. North America constitutes regional markets of U.S.and Canada, the rising incidence of infertility cases, lifestyle effects and others,hormonal dysfunctions in men and women are the major driver for the growth ofthe global human chorionic gonadotropin market. Browse the full report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/human-chorionic-gonadotropin-market Asia-Pacific is the expected to bethe most potential regional market for human chorionic gonadotropin market by2022. Over the next six years, the growth of the market in the Asia-Pacific region islikely to be centered in Japan, South Korea, China, and India.The key players in human chorionic gonadotropin market are EMD Serono, Inc.,Ferring B.V., Merck & Co., Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Company and Fresenius KabiUSA, LLC. About Us: Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we’ve manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task. Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.credenceresearch.com/sample-request/57982 For Latest updates follow us on LinkedIn @ https://www.linkedin.com/company/credence-research-limited Contact: Name: Chris Smith Designation: Global Sales Manager E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com Ph: 1-800-361-8290 Web:  http://www.credenceresearch.com/ Filed in: Business Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You Global Hot Water Circulator Pumps Market 2017 to 2022 – Industry Trends,Market Size, Segments, Growth Prospects: Acute Market Reports Deep Analys is Biochemistry Analyzers Latest Market Research, Fastest Growth, Trends, and Competitive Landscape, Outlook, Demand from 2017 to 2021 Global bioMEMS Market – Global Industry Analysis Growth Trends, Competitive Strategies 2017 – 2022 – by Acute Market Reports experts advice Car DVR Market by 2021- Industry Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Forecast & Vendors Analysis – by Acute Market Reports Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts Global Hot Water Circulator Pumps Market 2017 to 2022 – Industry Trends,Market Size, Segments, Growth Prospects: Acute Market Reports Deep Analys is Biochemistry Analyzers Latest Market Research, Fastest Growth, Trends, and Competitive Landscape, Outlook, Demand from 2017 to 2021 Global bioMEMS Market – Global Industry Analysis Growth Trends, Competitive Strategies 2017 – 2022 – by Acute Market Reports experts advice Car DVR Market by 2021- Industry Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Forecast & Vendors Analysis – by Acute Market Reports experts advice Carob Bean Gum (LBG) Market by 2021- Industry Analysis, Growth, Drivers, Challenges, Forecast & Vendors Analysis – by Acute Market Reports © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Antibacterial Drugs Market to Register a Stout Growth by 2020 Antibacterial drugs refer to the substances that can destroy or inhibit the growth of microorganism such as bacteria. Antibacterial drugs are often termed as antibiotics, and widely used in prevention and treatment of infectious dieses. Various classes of these drugs have been developed, according to the microorganism to be checked. Antibacterial drugs market is driven by increasing prevalence of infectious diseases. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/2987 β-lactams have the largest market in antibacterial drugs market. Out of which, carbapenems have the fastest growing market. This is due to increased intake of this drug, replacing others. Asia dominates the antibacterial drugs market. This is due to large population base and increasing cases for bacterial infections such as tuberculosis, pneumonia, tetanus and others in the region. Countries, such as China and India, are expected to experience high growth for antibacterial drugs market. This is due to increasing availability of generic drugs and improving economy in these countries. North America and Europe are also expected to experience significant growth in antibacterial drugs market due to rising number of multi-drug resistant bacterial strains in these regions. Increase in aged population, growing demand for efficient and affordable antibacterial drugs and increasing number of multi-drug resistant bacterial strains are some of the key factors that are driving the global antibacterial drugs market. In addition, increased prevalence of infectious diseases, that demand for development of innovative molecules or treatment are driving the antibacterial drugs market. However, factors such as rising number of generic drugs for antibacterial activities and patent expiries are restraining the growth of antibacterial market. In addition, less R&D in this field and increased market maturity are restraining the global antibacterial drugs market. Innovation of some novel compounds with improved efficacy, reduced time for action and fewer side effects are expected to offer good opportunity for growth of antibacterial drugs market. Some of the major trends that have been observed in the antibacterial drugs market include partnerships between companies for new product developments. In addition, presently, only few patented drugs are available in antibacterial drugs market. The market is dominated with generic drugs manufacturers. New formulations and use of monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), combination products are gaining popularity in the market. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/2987 Major companies dealing in the antibacterial drugs market include Pfizer, Inc., Merck & Co., Inc. and GlaxoSmithKline plc. Other major companies dealing in the antibacterial market include Novartis AG, Eli Lilly and Company, Johnson & Johnson, Sanofi, AstraZeneca plc and Bayer AG About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAntibacterial, Antibacterial Drugs, Antibacterial Drugs Market, Drugs Market, Google News, Healthcare, Healthcare Market, Market Analysis Report, Market Growth, Market Shares, Market size, Market Trends, satellite, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Anxiety Disorders And Depression Treatment Market Analysis and Forecast 2025 by Product and Indication (MDD, OCD, Phobia) Next PostNext United States Automotive Transmission Shafts Industry Status, Key Player Analysis Upcoming Trends to 2021 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Proteins in Global Oncology Market Driven by Increase in the Prevalence of Cancer and Rising Awareness Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/13/2017 — Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has recently added a new research report to its ever-expanding collection of market intelligence on its global industry verticals involved with Proteins in Global Oncology Market. This latest report is titled as „Proteins in Oncology Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 – 2023″. It is an in-depth dissection of facts, figures and factors pertaining to this industry. Request For Sample Report @ http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2001 As per the key findings of the report, cancer is one of the major causes of death across the globe and finding cure or control for cancer is one of the primary goals of governments, companies and researchers globally. Oncology is the branch of medical studies that deals with cancer treatment and research. The focus of this report is a new treatment method for the usage of proteins as recombinant drugs. Though, surgical procedures and radiation therapies are somewhat effective at curing primary tumors, but they are not successful in detecting tumor cells, making treatment of cancer very complex. Some proteins, on the other hand can be used for diagnostic purposes. There are several research institutes and universities working to identify unique proteins that can play an important role in cancer treatment. This report on proteins in global oncology market offers an all-inclusive evaluation of this market. It includes an in-depth insight into historical data with a market forecast during the period of 2016 – 2023. The predictions included in the report have been calculated using proven research methodologies and assumptions. The research report also serves as a repository of investigation for every facet of this industry. The report has been compiled through exhaustive primary research (surveys, interviews and observations of industry analysts) and secondary research (trade journals, company reports, industry body databases and other paid sources). It also provides a qualitative and quantitative assessment by analyzing data gathered from industry insiders and market participants across different factors in the industrial value chain mechanism. A thorough analysis of current trends in the parent market, regulations, macro- and micro-economic indicators and mandates is covered within the purview of the study. The proteins in global oncology market have been segregated based on geographical regions and protein type. Major protein types include the following segments: Recombinant Non-Glycosylated Proteins Recombinant Glycosylated Proteins Recombinant Peptides Geographically, North America and Europe dominates the global proteins oncology market thanks to the very strict regulatory policies of clearing the products. However, Asia Pacific countries like China and India are estimated to be one of the fastest growing regions. The key companies contributing to the global proteins oncology market are Actavis Inc., Biocon Ltd., Celltrion Inc., Emcure Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Hospira Inc., Dr. Reddys Laboratories Ltd., Merck, Mylan Inc., Sandoz, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Roche Holding Ltd. and Wockhardt Ltd. Details such as market shares and strategies of these companies are included in the report. Browse Full Global Oncology Market Report with TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/proteins-oncology-market About MRRSE Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.  MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE’s repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting. Contact State Tower  90, State Street  Suite 700  Albany, NY – 12207  United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559  Email: sales@mrrse.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/u/0/109558601025749677847/posts Linked in: https://www.linkedin.com/company/mrrse Twitter: https://twitter.com/MRRSEmrrse CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Booming Tourism Industry to Encourage Growth of the Global Refrigerated Counter Market Next PostNext Automotive Wiring Harness Market to Incur Rapid Extension During 2015 to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Microelectromechanical Systems Market Research Report 2017 Global Mining Feeders Market Research Report 2017 Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News High Incidence of HIV/AIDS, Organ Transplants Driving Growth of Kaposi Sarcoma Market Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Kaposi sarcoma (KS) refers to a type of cancer that develops from the cells lining blood vessels or lymph nodes. The cancer usually appears as tumors on mucosal surfaces or on the skin, but can also develop in body parts such as the digestive tract, or the lungs. The abnormal KS cells cause brown, purple, or red blotches on the skin, called lesions. The global Kaposi sarcoma market features a rising number of regional vendors commanding prominent shares in their respective regional territories. Owing to the looming patent expiries of several blockbuster drugs, the market is expected to witness the entry of several new companies producing generics. The situation also presents immense growth opportunities for leading companies with new drug formulations in the next few years. Transparency Market Research states that the global Kaposi sarcoma market will exhibit a modest 2.2% CAGR over the period between 2016 and 2024, rising from a valuation of US$118.5 mn in 2015 to US$143.2 mn by 2024. Chemotherapy Continues to Remain Most Preferred Course of Treatment despite High Cost The key treatment methods for Kaposi sarcoma include immunotherapy, chemotherapy, and antiretroviral therapy. Of these, the segment of antiretroviral therapy emerged at the leading segment owing to the high incidence rate of AIDS-related Kaposi sarcoma. The segment will continue to grow at an encouraging pace in the next few years as well. Over the report’s forecast period, however, the segment of chemotherapy is expected to exhibit growth at the most promising pace, chiefly owing to the high treatment cost and the high preference given to the treatment method by immunocompetent patients. Some of the most popular chemotherapy drugs in the market are vincristine, docetaxel, paclitaxel, bleomicin, daunorubicin, and liposomal doxorubicin. Although the high preference to this treatment method, its high cost could emerge as a key deterrent to patient population across some regions, especially across developing and less developed economies across Asia Pacific and Africa, limiting its growth prospects. Fill the form to gain deeper insights on this market @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=3354 North America to Retain Dominance in Global Market despite a Low Rate of Prevalence of Kaposi Sarcoma From a geographical standpoint, North America is presently the leading contributor of revenue to the global Kaposi sarcoma market. The region holds a leading position in the global market owing to the presence of some of the world’s leading vendors in the field and the rising costs of drugs. The North America market for Kaposi sarcoma also benefits from the high rate of diagnosis of the condition and the easy availability of drugs. The region features a low incidence rate of the disease but has been witnessing a shortage in supply of drugs required for its treatment, leading to a wide demand-supply gap and subsequently significant scope of growth. Over the report’s forecast period, the market is expected to witness the most promising rate of growth in the Middle East and Africa region. The region is expected to lead to the heightened demand for Kaposi sarcoma drugs owing to the high rate of incidence of the disease. The high rate of prevalence of HIV/AIDS is and thus the increased prevalence of AIDS induced Kaposi sarcoma in Eastern Africa is also a key driving factor, along with the fact that awareness among people is low. Some of the leading players operating in the immensely consolidated vendor landscape of the global Kaposi sarcoma market are Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb, Hoffman-La Roche, Inc., Pfizer, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, and Eli Lilly and Co. About Transparency Market Research Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Our business offerings represent the latest and the most reliable information indispensable for businesses to sustain a competitive edge. Contact Us Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swimwear Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Analysis and Forecasts Report 2022 Next PostNext Global DC Power Systems Market 2017 – Delta Electronics, Emerson, LITE-ON, TDK-LAMBDA Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Alopecia (Hair Loss)Treatment Market to Witness Exponential Growth by 2022 Alopecia is a term used to describe excessive hair damage under certain medical conditions or dietary issues. Sedentary lifestyle, and unhealthy diets is leading to loss of hair among masses. Furthermore, ageing and hormonal imbalance, increasing chronic disease like arthritis, cancer, hypertension, depression also leads to hair loss especially among middle aged population. According to American Hair Loss Association, androgenetic alopecia accounts for over 95% of hair loss in men. Over 800 thousand patients are seeking some kind of treatment for hair loss worldwide. For the treatment of alopecia, U.S. FDA proved two drugs – Minoxidil, to treat hypertension and finasteride (Propecia) to treat benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH). American Hair Loss Association recommends the use of minoxidil in patients who have not responded to finasteride treatment. Prevalence rate of alopecia is high among working age population. Treatment seeking rate for alopecial is more prevalent in developed regions as compared to that in developing regions, however, over the past few years, demand for alopecia treatment has increased dramatically in developing regions such as China and India owing to increase in healthcare expenditure and improved healthcare infrastructure facilities. In China, 6 percent females and 21 percent of males suffer from hormone driven hair loss. A sample of this report is available upon request @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/9677 Changing lifestyle along with increase in stress level among working class population is expected to boost the demand for treatment of hair loss globally. Furthermore, rise in geriatrics population along with high demand for surgical hair transplant is expected to drive the alopecia treatment market. Increasing consumer disposable incomes and health awareness, emphasis to look good, and technological advancement in hair treatment medical devices are some other key drivers for this market. Since accessibility for scalp treatment is easily accessible and available, the demand for alopecia treatment has increased. Though the market is expected to witness healthy growth during the forecast period, high cost of the medications and possible side effects/allergic reactions are acting as key barrier for alopecia market. The alopecia treatment market has grown substantially at a healthy CAGR due to changing lifestyle and greater emphasis on outward appearance to look good. With rapid technological advancement and innovation, alopecia treatment market is expected to grow globally. North America is the largest market for alopecia treatment while Asia Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. The alopecia treatment market is expected to register a significant CAGR during the forecast period. Depending on geographic regions, alopecia treatment is segmented into seven key regions: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America, followed by Europe, is expected to dominate the alopecia treatment market throughout the forecast period. Asia Pacific excluding Japan is poised to witness fastest growth owing to outburst of middle aged population in the region. Also, the region is witnessing healthy growth in terms of GDP, which in turn is expected to propel growth at healthy digits. Middle East & Africa and Latin America are expected to sluggish growth during the forecast period. Request to View Tables of Content @ www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/9677 Some of the key market players for alopecia treatment market are Cipla, Viviscal, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd., Regaine, Merck & Co., Inc, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, Phyto – Alès Groupe, Kirkland Signature, Vitabiotics, Nanogen, Alpecin – Dr. Kurt Wolff GmbH & Co. KG, Rogaine – Johnson and Johnson. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: www.persistencemarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth & Medicine Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Container Shipping Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Next PostNext Automotive Suspension Systems Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2021 Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Flea & Tick Products Market – Global Industry Growth,Trends and Forecast Analysis For 2016 – 2024 Flea & Tick Products Market: Overview Flea and tick infestations, along with other intestinal parasites like heartworms are controlled primarily by using various pesticides. Animal Health Institute associates work in collaboration with the Environmental Protection Agency to accredit safe and efficient chemical agents in order to combat the spread of these parasites to the human population and to keep animals healthy. Ticks are known to be very harmful for pets and can cause transmitting diseases like Lyme disease. These pets can bring ticks into the human population and can cause illness from a tick bite. There are several repellents, insect killers and growth inhibitors are available commercially in the market to protect pets from flea and tick bites. Download Research Brochure PDF@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… Some of these products are exclusively available at a veterinarian’s and other products are available over the counter. The products to protect pets from flea and tick bites include oral pills, sprays, spot-ons, powders, shampoos and other liquid products that are squeezed onto the pets’ skin. According to the Environmental Protection Agency, approximately 44,000 potential cases were registered related to spot-on products safety and efficacy in 2008. These spot-on products are usually sold in vials or tubes and the active ingredients in these products include permethrin, pyriproxyfen, etofenprox, fipronil, imidicloprid, cyphenothrin, amitraz and dinotefuron. The common adverse reactions associated with spot-on products are seizures, skin irritation and in some cases, it can lead to death. Flea & Tick Products Market: Regulatory Overview The regulatory authorities that are involved in the regulation of these pets flea and tick products include Animal & Veterinary – Food and Drug Administration and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Among these, FDA is responsible for the regulation of animal drugs and the products to manage external parasites come in authority of EPA. Further, FDA needs to approve animal drugs before its commercialization in the market, whereas pesticides can be marketed only after its approval from EPA. In general, FDA regulates the flea and tick products that are administered orally or by injection. Thus, both the regulatory bodies work together to ensure the devotion of all the regulations and applicable laws. Flea & Tick Products Market: Key Drivers The global market for flea and tick products is expected to record a significant growth rate in next few years. The growth would be observed due to increasing number of indulgent pet parents, rising number of pets (cats and dogs) and increasing demand for premium pet services and products. Additionally, increasing number of pet-owning households and rising per capita disposable income of population further expected to accentuate the growth of this market. For an instance, according to the American Pet Product Association’s (APPA) national pet owner’s survey, the average amount of money that is spent on their pets for food is USD 250 annually and is expected increase in near future. Hence, increasing pet-owner’s spending on their pets subsequently would increase the demand for flea and tick products. Flea & Tick Products Market: Region-wise Outlook Geographically, North America accounts for the largest share of the flea and tick products market followed by the European region. The dominance of North America in this industry is mainly due to strong sales of pet products driven by pet owners ever more humanizing their products. Consequently, large number of new products and services are emerged in this market along with the number of pet stores to offer premium veterinary services. Moreover, presence of large number of market players in this region and increased focus of regulatory authorities such as FDA and EPA towards the health issues of pets further boosting the growth of this market. European flea and tick products market follows the North America market due to increasing number of pet-owning households and rising per capita disposable income. Browse Report@ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/flea-tick-products-mar… Flea & Tick Products Market: Key Players Major players operating in this market includes Farnam, Intervet, Inc., Virbac Animal Health, Inc., Sergeant’s Pet Care Products, Inc., Hartz Pet Products & Supplies, Wellmark International, Inc., Bayer Healthcare LLC, Phaeton Corporation, Merial Limited, Ecto Development Corporation, Pet Logic, LLC, Novartis Animal Health, Ceva Animal Health, LLC., Andrew M Martin Co. NV. Inc., and LoradoChem, Inc. About Us:- Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Contact Us:- Transparency Market Research State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFashion, Lifestyle, Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smart Bottle Market – Global Industry Trends and Opportunities Analysis For 2016 – 2024 Next PostNext Pneumatic Tire Market – Global Industry Trends & Opportunities Analysis For 2024 Search Recent Posts Jump On It, Latest Single By Mega EDM Label Armada, Expands Up-And-Coming ADN Lewis’s Global Fan Base New Case Study From Web 20 Ranker Reveals Newest GMB Ranking Factors For Google Possum Filter PID Controllers Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 How To Replace Airwheel E6 Smart Electric Bike’s Rear Fender and Front Inner Tube  Here is important news for the people who are looking for the luscious cakes Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
