MM&M Facebook MM&M Twitter MM&M LinkedIn Advertise Subscribe Log in | Register Home News Agencies Data/Analytics Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Opinion Payers Pipeline Technology 3 health tech innovations experts say will revolutionalize healthcare As digital-health funding increases, here's how VR, nanotechnology, and 3D printing could potentially improve the value of healthcare. Health Influencer 50 MM&M and PRWeek editors convened to select 50 battle-tested pros who are changing the healthcare game. Find out if you made the list. 10 things for pharma marketers to know about Facebook and Instagram With about 70 million users in six million health-related groups, drugmakers have tremendous opportunity to reach key audiences on Facebook. Here's how. Series Top 100 Agencies Live at Cannes Pharma Report Watson Week MM&M's Guide to DTC Top 40 Transformers Events Big Data Hall of Femme Leadership Exchanges MM&M Awards Transforming Healthcare Conference Webcasts Virtual Events Resources eBooks inVision Videos Podcasts The Agency Gallery The PMD Whitepapers Careers The Glass Ceiling Upward Moves At Work With Magazine Latest Issue Issue Archive MM&M > Channel > Commercial > Already ahead in race to first-line approval, could second-line domination be far behind for Keytruda? Tweet Kevin McCaffrey September 09, 2016 Already ahead in race to first-line approval, could second-line domination be far behind for Keytruda? Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print This story has been updated. Merck's Keytruda is currently losing its battle with Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo in the second-line treatment of non-small cell lung cancer patients. But the biomarker testing requirement for Keytruda — long thought to be what's dragging down the immuno-oncology drug's sales — may not act as a hurdle for much longer. That is, assuming Keytruda gets approved as a first-line treatment — a subject of speculation right now as its December PDUFA date nears — new patients with the tumor type would then begin their PD-L1 testing earlier, effectively turning the testing requirement into an advantage which could not only level the playing field between Keytruda and Opdivo in the second line, but tip it in Keytruda's favor. See also: Opdivo bet backfires, creates opening for Merck to pursue DTC So goes the thinking of Bernstein's Tim Anderson, according to a note the analyst issued earlier this week breaking down the scenario. The speculative money is on Merck right now, as FDA's recent rejection of Opdivo in first-line therapy suddenly knocked BMS's lung plans back at least a year, and thrust Keytruda into the lead in that race to approval. Yet Merck still lags its rival in the setting in which both are currently approved, second line, and the stakes for the drugmaker are quite high: about $400 million. That's the current deficit Merck faces in that setting. Opdivo brought in $942 million in sales in 2015, while Keytruda saw sales of $566 million during the same year. By Anderson's calculus, a first-line Keytruda approval could help a number of factors fall into place for Merck. The drug's increasing awareness among physicians, its less frequent dosing, and the pre-existing testing status of patients all could conspire to set the drug up for success in the second line, too. See also: Bristol-Myers Squibb's Yervoy, Opdivo combo data confers edge in lung cancer Back when the lines were drawn between these two immuno-oncology treatments, one of the major differences between them was that patients considering Keytruda have to first undergo testing for the PD-L1 protein. Keytruda is now on pace to become approved as a first-line therapy before Opdivo, due to a recent development setback, when the drug failed to meet its primary endpoint in a Phase-III trial. Keytruda received Breakthrough Therapy Designation as a first-line treatment earlier this week, and has an FDA decision date of December 24.   As Anderson explained in the investor note from Tuesday, Keytruda's testing requirement may no longer be a disadvantage for the drug in the second line. “The majority of newly-diagnosed lung cancer patients will be tested for PDL1 status...when these groups fail chemotherapy, as the majority will, and move onto second-line treatment, their PD-L1 testing status will be already known,” Anderson wrote, “and if they did not receive a PD1 in the first-line, [these patients] will most likely see a PD1 in the second line.” There are three factors that will make oncologists more likely to prescribe Keytruda over Opdivo in the second-line setting going forward, Anderson wrote. First, oncologists will already have a patient's PD-L1 testing data available to them — eliminating that initial obstacle. Second, oncologists are more likely to be already familiar with Keytruda as, if it is approved in the first line, it will have already been a treatment option. And, lastly, Keytruda has a less onerous regimen — it's dosed every three weeks compared to Opdivo every two weeks. “Keytruda suddenly becomes a very viable option when reaching for a PD1 in [the second-line setting],” he concluded. See also: Bristol-Myers Squibb turns to DTC to promote Opdivo Bristol-Myers Squibb is already considering other strategies to retain its market share in the I/O sector. BMS spokesperson Audrey Abernathy said in an email that the company believes that Opdivo's “proven survival benefit regardless of PD-L1 expression will continue to position us for a strong second line opportunity in non-small cell lung cancer.” She added the company's experimental combination of Opdivo and Yervoy may also provide the drugmaker with an “opportunity to address the needs of patients with first-line non-small cell lung cancer, a setting in which we always anticipated diagnostic testing would play a role.” Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Comments Print Similar Articles Merck's Keytruda wins approval in first-line lung cancer Merck files Keytruda for lung cancer, eyes first-line niche New first-line lung data is positive for Merck's Keytruda, but competitor looms large FDA okays Perjeta for first-line breast cancer treatment BMS striving to push Opdivo past Keytruda Related Topics Commercial Immuno-oncology Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Next Article in Commercial 4 Ways for Marketers To Differentiate Their Brands In The Rare-Disease Space MM&M Articles Popular Emailed Recent Five things for pharma marketers to know: Friday, November 11, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 9, 2016 Five things for pharma marketers to know: Monday, November 14, 2016 5 questions raised at the FDA's off-label hearing Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Merck educates doctors about biosimilars, long before it will sell one in the U.S. 4 trends with the potential to change behavior in the patient journey What do physicians think about biosimilars? Novartis considers new sales model for experimental cancer therapy Boehringer Ingelheim launches gamified support program Five things for pharma marketers to know: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Amgen's Repatha lowers plaque in arteries Kite Pharma to keep anticipated CAR-T launch 'controlled' and targeted at certain hospitals Five things for pharma marketers to know: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 PulsePoint launches health vertical for programmatic advertising Tweets by @MMMnews Events Weekly MM&M Breaking News MM&M KOL White Paper MM&M News Brief MM&M Sponsored Promotion MM&M Weekly Digest The Splash from MM&M United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Check out what's trending Earnings Advertising Pricing Legal/Regulatory FDA Election Pharma Commercial Affordable Care Act More in Commercial Kite Pharma to keep anticipated CAR-T launch 'controlled' ... "This is not your grandfather's launch," said Shawn Tomasello, chief commercial officer of Kite Pharma. Infographic: what information doctors need from pharma How pharma distributes information to doctors is changing as rapidly as how doctors prefer to receive and process such information With more marketing spend behind it, Eliquis gains ... BMS and Pfizer outspent Johnson & Johnson two-to-one in advertising for their oral anticoagulant last year. Medical Marketing & Media Return To Top News Agencies Campaigns Commercial Corporate Legal/Regulatory Media Payers Pipeline Opinion Back Talk Beltway Insider Editor's Desk Partner Forum Private View Viewpoint User Center Subscribe About us Contact us Media Information Sitemap Ad Choices Connect With Us Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Barclays Raises Target On Merck, Lowers Target On Bristol-Myers Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 09, 2016 9:56am   Comments Share: Related BMY Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? The Election Can't Come Soon Enough For Biotechs Aimed at driving shareholder value, uniQure shakes up business (Seeking Alpha) Related MRK Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower The Vetr community has downgraded $MRK to 3-Stars (Vetr) While immuno-oncology [I-O] would eventually be a combination therapy market, this could take a long time, Barclays’ Geoff Meacham said in a report. He added that neither Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (NYSE: BMY) nor Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) deserved full credit “until the clinical data is more de-risked.” Bristol-Myers Analyst Meacham maintained an Equal-Weight rating on Bristol-Myers, while reducing the price target from $75 to $65. Consensus estimates for the company reflect the lost near-term 1L NSCLC revenue following the CheckMate-026 miss. However, there is potential downside to the consensus estimates for US Opdivo, translating to downside for the 2017-2018E expectations. Meacham forecasted Opdivo sales for 2016 and 2017 at $3.4 billion and nearly $4.7 billion, representing growth of 7 percent and 8 percent, respectively. The 2018 sales are estimated at $6.2 billion, representing 15 percent growth, assuming a positive CM-227 trial results in a 1L launch in 2H18. The EPS estimate for 2017 has been reduced from $3.10 to $2.88. Merck The analyst maintained an Overweight rating on Merck, while raising the price target from $66 to $72. There is upside to the consensus expectations for Keytruda sales in 2016-2018. The estimates have been raised by merely $55-$145 million following the positive KEYNOTE-024 top line results. “We think the Street is likely not giving enough credit as our KOL checks indicate usage won't be limited to NSCLC patients with PD-L1 high expressers but potentially to a broader swath which is positive for the biomarker,” Meacham wrote. The EPS estimate for 2016 has been raised from $3.74 to $3.76. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for BMY Date Firm Action From To Oct 2016 Hilliard Lyons Upgrades Neutral Long-Term Buy Oct 2016 Credit Suisse Maintains Neutral Sep 2016 Citigroup Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for BMY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Barclays Geoff MeachamAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BMY + MRK) Gilead Responds To CMS Blog Highlighting High Cost Of Harvoni: Most Payers Receive Substantial Discounts Off The List Price Technical Alert - Merck Lower 2 Big Medical Marijuana Stocks Riding High Post-Election Technical Alert: Merck Reaches $65 And Retreats Can Trump Make Your Portfolio Great Again? Stocks Hitting 52-Week Highs View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on BMY Trending Recent 1 DRYS, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 CETV, CXRX: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 3 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 8... 4 DUST, GDX: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start... 5 TTWO, GRPN: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capita... 6 DRYS, ESEA: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive... 7 TSRO, AAL: 20 Stocks Moving I... 1 INDL, PIN: Indian Markets Open Higher; Sensex Up 150 Points 2 FXI, GXC: China Stock Markets Trade Mixed 3 EWJ, EPP: Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points 4 JPM, XLF: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 5 EURL, EUFS: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 6 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting... 7 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The Week In Announcements: The Market Reacts To Sony, Amazon And Apple Product Revelations 'Super Mario Run' Nearing 'Pokemon GO' Levels Of Pre-Release Buzz

378334 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Chimica e Farmacia . Merck Launches New Gene Editing Technology to Engineer Virus Resistant CHO Cell Lines Merck Launches New Gene Editing Technology to Engineer Virus Resistant CHO Cell Lines CHIMICA E FARMACIA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 08/09/2016 14:03 - Reduces minute virus of mice contamination risk - Enhances viral safety while maintaining cell line productivity, protein quality DARMSTADT, Germany, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today launched a first-of-its-kind gene editing technology to modify CHO cell lines to be resistant to minute virus of mice (MVM), a common contamination threat that remains despite the shift to chemically defined, animal component-free manufacturing processes. CHO cells are commonly used in the manufacture of biologics. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160906/404353 Merck's new Centinel™ technology targets genes which play a role in MVM susceptibility. Viral contaminations like MVM can have major consequences for biopharmaceutical manufacturers, costing hundreds of millions of dollars, according to industry reports. The greatest impact of such contamination is on patients, as access to therapies can be put in jeopardy. Centinel™ technology provides manufacturers with an additional path for mitigating the risk of MVM contamination, while maintaining an equivalent level of protein quality and cell line productivity. "The Centinel™ program is just one example of how we are combining years of expertise and credibility in process development, biologics manufacturing and gene editing tools to increase safety for our customers and their patients," said Udit Batra, member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. "We are also leveraging this unique combination of experience and technologies to address some of the industry's most complex challenges and exciting applications, including cell therapy." Under the Centinel™ program, Merck can modify customers' CHO cell lines to provide viral resistance to MVM. A patent application has been submitted for the technology used in the gene editing approach to viral resistance. The company's BioReliance® testing services can validate MVM resistance and demonstrate the virus is not propagated in the cell line. Alternatively, customers can purchase the zinc finger nuclease pairs to engineer cell lines directly. Merck's new Centinel™ technology builds on the company's expertise in gene editing and biomanufacturing processes, as well as its in-depth understanding of the regulatory environment. In addition to enhancing the safety of biomanufacturing, Merck is also applying this expertise and approach to develop other technologies and services, including those supporting the cell therapy industry. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-launches-new-gene-editing-technology-to-engineer-virus-resistant-cho-cell-lines-300323034.html Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 16 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Prelievi, oltre 1000 euro scatta il controllo fiscale 2. WhatsApp, arrivano le videochiamate 3. Ritirati due farmaci contro la pressione alta 4. Oggetto misterioso piomba giù dal cielo, ma nessuno sa cos'è /Foto 5. Tutta nuda sul cavallo, l'ultima provocazione di Gigi Hadid /Foto Video "I fantastici anni '90", Paolo Ruffini su AdnKronos Live ‘Rwd- Fwd’ è il titolo della mostra di Alfredo Pirri nel suo nuovo studio/archivio Quasimodo, il pastore tedesco che ha fatto 'intenerire' il web Tg AdnKronos, 15 novembre 2016 Pneumatici invernali, scatta l'ora X Petizione per piano nazionale contro i super batteri resistenti Tg AdnKronos, 14 novembre 2016 Tutti con il naso all'insù, è Super-Luna Day L'Astroblogger, per Trump (Gemelli) inizio 2017 in salita In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' World Pancreatic Cancer day Esperti a confronto su 'Il ruolo della carne nell’alimentazione umana. Novità dalla ricerca' A Milano 'L'Artigiano in Fiera', villaggio globale delle arti e dei mestieri Energia, online la newsletter del Gme Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378334 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Crushing Blow Sent Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Down 23% in August Can Bristol-Myers Squibb recover from this surprising "CheckMate"? Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Sep 8, 2016 at 8:23AM Image source: Getty Images. What happened Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), a global drug developer focused on the development cancer, cardiovascular, and genetic-defined disease drugs, plunged 23% in the month of August according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. The reason for Bristol-Myers' dismal performance can be traced to the top-line release of its CheckMate-026 data on Aug. 5. So what Bristol-Myers Squibb's CheckMate-026 trial was expected to be just as successful as every other trial the company had run with its cancer immunotherapy Opdivo. Unfortunately, that proved not to be the case. CheckMate-026 was designed to examine Opdivo as a monotherapy in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of at least 5%. The data showed that Opdivo failed to meet the primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival. This was a big blow for treatment-naïve NSCLC patients, and it's an even bigger blow for Bristol-Myers' whose previously pristine cancer drug looked suddenly fallible. Image source: Merck. Making matters worse, Bristol-Myers Squibb's rival, Merck (NYSE:MRK), demonstrated positive results in its own treatment-naïve trial with cancer immunotherapy drug Keytruda. It should be noted that neither trial is comparable, because Keytruda was tested in first-line NSCLC in patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of 50% or higher. Of course, Merck's Keytruda not only met its primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival, but it also lent to a statistically significant improvement in overall survival as well. Now what According to Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez following the top-line data release from CheckMate-026, the result of this failure could wind up costing Bristol-Myers up to $4 billion in annual Opdivo sales. The company does still have its CheckMate-227 study ongoing, which is examining the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy for PD-L1-positive patients, but the damage from CheckMate-026 has clearly been done. Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. On one hand, I'd suggest that it's important for investors to remember that cancer immunotherapies usually work better as combination therapies than as monotherapies. While it was disappointing to see Opdivo fail, it's not the end of the line for Opdivo, either. Bristol-Myers has dozens of ongoing studies that Opdivo could become a standard-of-care for in combination with an existing chemotherapy or cancer therapeutic. Conversely, Opdivo's aggressive trial (targeting just PD-L1 expression of 5% or higher as opposed to Ketytruda's 50%+), and failure, should allow Merck's Keytruda to creep back into the picture, potentially allowing it to take market share from Opdivo in certain indications. With profit estimates on Bristol-Myers dropping due to the CheckMate-026 fallout, I don't exactly see how paying 18 times forward earnings necessarily makes Bristol-Myers attractive. Though I do believe Opdivo remains a superior cancer choice in a number of key indications, the company will need a few wins under its belt to put this disappointment in the rearview mirror. Until such time, the sideline looks like a safe place to hang out. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 8:23AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $62.84 down $0.81 (-1.27%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.18 down $0.51 (-0.90%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy Why Regulus Therapeutics Is Slumping 14% Today After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Exelixis, Inc. Prepares for Blastoff Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
Volg ons op: APS Nieuwsmanager login | Cision Communication Cloud™ login | English Home Diensten Verstuur direct een persbericht De media bereiken? Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Workshops & events Inspiratie Gepubliceerde persberichten Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Verhalen van klanten Over ons Over ANP Pers Support Waarom kies jíj voor ANP Pers Support? Reacties van klanten Vacatures Contact Maak een afspraak Persbericht laten beoordelen Persbericht versturen Home/ Persberichten/ Merck Launches New Gene Editing Technology to Engineer Virus Resistant CHO Cell Lines Merck Launches New Gene Editing Technology to Engineer Virus Resistant CHO Cell Lines donderdag 8 september 2016 14:03 Economie Dit is een origineel bericht van PR Newswire - Reduces minute virus of mice contamination risk - Enhances viral safety while maintaining cell line productivity, protein quality DARMSTADT, Germany, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/index.html], a leading science and technology company, today launched a first-of-its-kind gene editing technology to modify CHO cell lines to be resistant to minute virus of mice (MVM), a common contamination threat that remains despite the shift to chemically defined, animal component-free manufacturing processes. CHO cells are commonly used in the manufacture of biologics. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160906/404353 [http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160906/404353] Merck's new Centinel((TM)) technology targets genes which play a role in MVM susceptibility. Viral contaminations like MVM can have major consequences for biopharmaceutical manufacturers, costing hundreds of millions of dollars, according to industry reports. The greatest impact of such contamination is on patients, as access to therapies can be put in jeopardy. Centinel((TM)) technology provides manufacturers with an additional path for mitigating the risk of MVM contamination, while maintaining an equivalent level of protein quality and cell line productivity. "The Centinel((TM)) program is just one example of how we are combining years of expertise and credibility in process development, biologics manufacturing and gene editing tools to increase safety for our customers and their patients," said Udit Batra, member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. [http://www.merckgroup.com/en/products/life_science/life_science.html] "We are also leveraging this unique combination of experience and technologies to address some of the industry's most complex challenges and exciting applications, including cell therapy." Under the Centinel((TM)) program, Merck can modify customers' CHO cell lines to provide viral resistance to MVM. A patent application has been submitted for the technology used in the gene editing approach to viral resistance. The company's BioReliance(®) testing services can validate MVM resistance and demonstrate the virus is not propagated in the cell line. Alternatively, customers can purchase the zinc finger nuclease pairs to engineer cell lines directly. Merck's new Centinel((TM)) technology builds on the company's expertise in gene editing and biomanufacturing processes, as well as its in-depth understanding of the regulatory environment. In addition to enhancing the safety of biomanufacturing, Merck is also applying this expertise and approach to develop other technologies and services, including those supporting the cell therapy industry. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life - from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of EUR 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-launches-new-gene-editing-technology-to-engineer-virus-resistant-cho-cell-lines-300323034.html [http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/merck-launches-new-gene-editing-technology-to-engineer-virus-resistant-cho-cell-lines-300323034.html] Photo: https://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160906/404353 Merck CONTACT: Karen Tiano, +1-978-495-0093 PR Newswire Dit persbericht is via ANP Pers Support naar internationale (vak en online) media gestuurd. Heb je nieuws voor buitenlandse journalisten? Bekijk dan onze mogelijkheden of neem contact met ons op. Andere persberichten van deze organisatie Grünenthal has Acquired US-based Thar Pharmaceuticals Inc. to Expand its Development Portfolio of Treatment Options for CRPS (Complex Regional Pain Syndrome), a Serious, Disabling Orphan Disease woensdag 16 november 2016 20:34 ExaGrid, een Toonaangevende Leverancier van Schijfgebaseerde Back-upopslagsystemen, kondigt Samenwerking aan met Pure Storage rond Innovatieve Referentie Architectuur met Veeam woensdag 16 november 2016 20:06 Onlineprinters.nl optimaliseert levertijden woensdag 16 november 2016 17:29 Ithmar Capital and the World Bank Announce Creation of Green Growth Infrastructure Facility, the First Green Fund Dedicated to Africa woensdag 16 november 2016 15:33 Verstuur nu éénmalig een persbericht Verstuur persberichten en beeldmateriaal naar redacties in binnen- en buitenland. Via het ANP-net, het internationale medianetwerk van PR Newswire of met een perslijst op maat. Direct persbericht versturen Onze services De media bereiken? Plaats persbericht rechtstreeks op het ANP-medianetwerk Verstuur persbericht naar internationale persagentschappen Verstuur persbericht naar vak- en/of lokale media Persfoto plaatsen op het ANP-fotonet Stel zelf je (inter)nationale perslijsten samen Zet je evenement of persuitnodiging op de ANP Nieuwsagenda Stel multimedia-content beschikbaar aan redacties en websites Tarievenkaart 2016 Nieuwswaardige content creëren? Laat je persbericht opstellen door een professionele tekstschrijver Laat je persbericht controleren door een nieuwsprofessional Regel een persfotograaf voor journalistiek beeldmateriaal Genereer media-aandacht met een videopersbericht Benut de kracht van infographics Animatie laten maken Ideeën opdoen? Actuele persberichten die via ons netwerk zijn verstuurd Hoe schrijf je een effectief persbericht Hoe andere communicatieprof's ANP Pers Support inzetten Workshops en events Onze blogs over het snijvlak van PR en media Zien of je nieuws is opgepakt? Media-aandacht monitoren en analyseren Ontvang onze nieuwsbrief Blijf op de hoogte en schrijf je in. APS Direct Login Home Diensten Inspiratie Over ons Contact ANP Pers Support is onderdeel van ANP en PR Newswire
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Health Care & Hospitals | Infection Control | New Products & Services Merck Launches New Gene Editing Technology to Engineer Virus Resistant CHO Cell Lines Translations: English Español Español Español Español Español Español Download image - Reduces minute virus of mice contamination risk - Enhances viral safety while maintaining cell line productivity, protein quality DARMSTADT, Germany, Sept. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Merck, a leading science and technology company, today launched a first-of-its-kind gene editing technology to modify CHO cell lines to be resistant to minute virus of mice (MVM), a common contamination threat that remains despite the shift to chemically defined, animal component-free manufacturing processes. CHO cells are commonly used in the manufacture of biologics. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160906/404353 Merck's new Centinel™ technology targets genes which play a role in MVM susceptibility. Viral contaminations like MVM can have major consequences for biopharmaceutical manufacturers, costing hundreds of millions of dollars, according to industry reports. The greatest impact of such contamination is on patients, as access to therapies can be put in jeopardy. Centinel™ technology provides manufacturers with an additional path for mitigating the risk of MVM contamination, while maintaining an equivalent level of protein quality and cell line productivity. "The Centinel™ program is just one example of how we are combining years of expertise and credibility in process development, biologics manufacturing and gene editing tools to increase safety for our customers and their patients," said Udit Batra, member of the Merck Executive Board and CEO, Life Science. "We are also leveraging this unique combination of experience and technologies to address some of the industry's most complex challenges and exciting applications, including cell therapy." Under the Centinel™ program, Merck can modify customers' CHO cell lines to provide viral resistance to MVM. A patent application has been submitted for the technology used in the gene editing approach to viral resistance. The company's BioReliance® testing services can validate MVM resistance and demonstrate the virus is not propagated in the cell line. Alternatively, customers can purchase the zinc finger nuclease pairs to engineer cell lines directly. Merck's new Centinel™ technology builds on the company's expertise in gene editing and biomanufacturing processes, as well as its in-depth understanding of the regulatory environment. In addition to enhancing the safety of biomanufacturing, Merck is also applying this expertise and approach to develop other technologies and services, including those supporting the cell therapy industry. All Merck news releases are distributed by email at the same time they become available on the Merck website. Please go to www.merckgroup.com/subscribe to register online, change your selection or discontinue this service. About Merck Merck is a leading science and technology company in healthcare, life science and performance materials. Around 50,000 employees work to further develop technologies that improve and enhance life – from biopharmaceutical therapies to treat cancer or multiple sclerosis, cutting-edge systems for scientific research and production, to liquid crystals for smartphones and LCD televisions. In 2015, Merck generated sales of € 12.85 billion in 66 countries. Founded in 1668, Merck is the world's oldest pharmaceutical and chemical company. The founding family remains the majority owner of the publicly listed corporate group. The company holds the global rights to the Merck name and brand. The only exceptions are the United States and Canada, where the company operates as EMD Serono, MilliporeSigma and EMD Performance Materials.   SOURCE Merck More by this Source Merck gana el R&D 100 Award por una invención superior 11 Nov, 2016, 19:19 GMT Merck remporte un prix R&D 100 pour son innovation 11 Nov, 2016, 15:55 GMT Merck Wins R&D 100 Award for Top Invention 11 Nov, 2016, 13:00 GMT View all news by Merck Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
PMGroup PME Communiqué The Directory Quality in Care How to Advertise Privacy and cookies My Account Register Please login to the form below Not currently logged in Email: Password: I have forgotten my password PME Communiqué The Directory Opening up market access Advanced search Home News Intelligence Thought leadership Appointments Awards Blogs Clinical Top Pharma List PMHub Jobs News Research Sales Marketing Regulatory Healthcare Jobs and recruitment Trending AstraZeneca's durvalumab trial Novartis biosimilar sales Lilly's solanezumab results in Alzheimer's Remicade-biosimilar switch trial PMEA 2016 finalists Merck closes in on first-line NSCLC label for Keytruda in US Accelerated FDA review could see PD-1 inhibitor approved by the end of the year Merck & Co could get FDA approval for first-line use of its PD-1 inhibitor Keytruda in lung cancer by the end of the year, after the FDA started a speedy review of the drug. The FDA is planning to deliver a verdict on Keytruda (pembrolizumab) as a first-line therapy for patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumours express PD-L1 by 24 December. Approval in the first-line setting would mean Keytruda has leaped forward where its arch-rival in the PD-1 inhibitor space - Bristol-Myers Squibb's Opdivo (nivolumab) - took a tumble, with analysts now predicting that Merck will dominate the NSCLC market. BMS' drug failed to meet its objectives in the phase III CheckMate-026 trial in first-line NSCLC thanks to an ambitious study design, which sought to show a benefit for the drug regardless of patients' PD-L1 status. That strategy worked well in the second-line setting and resulted in a broader label for Opdivo, allowing it to pull ahead in the marketplace, but has now backfired. Opdivo pulled in $1.58bn in sales during the first half of 2016 compared to $563m for Keytruda, but Merck's drug is expected to gain ground quickly in NSCLC if the FDA clears first-line use. Both drugs are still predicted to hit heady highs with analyst estimates of peak sales in the $8bn-$10bn range apiece, but Opdivo is no longer expected to be as dominant in the market. Meanwhile, Opdivo and Keytruda are also expected to face competition in the coming months from Roche's PD-L1 inhibitor Tecentriq (atezolizumab), which is already on the market for bladder cancer and has just shown promising results in an NSCLC trial. Merck's application is based on data from the Keynote-024 study, which showed that Keytruda improved progression-free survival (PFS) as well as overall survival compared with standard chemotherapy for NSCLC. The trial was stopped early so patients still on chemotherapy could switch to Keytruda if desired. "Chemotherapy has been the foundation of first-line treatment for non-small cell lung cancer for decades, so the significant improvement in survival in patients with high PD-L1 expression seen with Keytruda compared to chemotherapy is welcome news," commented Merck's head of R&D Roger Perlmutter. Along with second-line NSCLC, Opdivo is also approved for treating melanoma, renal cell carcinoma and classical Hodgkin's lymphoma, with an application in head and neck cancer under regulatory review. Keytruda has so far picked up approvals in melanoma, NSCLC, and head and neck squamous cell cancer. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. Article by Phil Taylor 8th September 2016 From: Regulatory Share  Print Friendly Tags PME Digital Edition Featured jobs Senior Account Manager – Medical Education – Boutique Agency Salary TBC SAE & Account Manager - Victoria – Healthcare Advertising Salary TBC New Business and Marketing Manager, circa £50K, Healthcare Commu... Excellent Package Managing Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Pharma/ Life Sciences - Social / Digital Account Director Industry leading package and bens PR Associate Director – Healthcare PR – London Salary TBC Account Director, Healthcare PR, London Excellent Package Senior Account Manager / Jr AD - Consumer & Prescription – H... Salary TBC SYDNEY BASED ROLE - Senior Account Director – Associate CSD - Me... D.O.E Account Director – Medical Communications Salary TBC Client Lead, Consumer Health & Wellness, South East UK Excellent Package Creative Team – Mid-weight & Senior Art Director & Senio... SUPERB PACKAGES AVAILABLE Editor, Medical Communications, London Competitive Salary Director of Strategy/ Scientific Services – Full Home working, E... Neg Account Director – Med Ed – Publications Salary TBC Chief Operating Officer – Medical Education – London Salary TBC Deputy Managing Director, Medical Communications, South East UK Excellent Package Healthcare PR Innovator, London Excellent Package Scientific Director- Immuno Oncology Specialist - Med Comms (Lon... Neg Medical Writer, Healthcare Education Design & Development, L... Competitive Salary SINGAPORE - Senior or Principal Medical Writer Opportunity - Med... D.O.E Subscribe to our email news alerts Most read Most shared Latest content Siemens' healthcare unit to become standalone business Pfizer’s first-in-class breast cancer therapy wins EU licence CHMP recommends Merck & Co's Lantus biosimilar NICE backs Novartis' Afinitor and Pfizer's Xalkori Pfizer to shut down two UK manufacturing sites Pharma stocks rise after Donald Trump's election win Communication shouldn’t be a case of forcing a square peg into a round hole Gilead's hepatitis B virus treatment set for European approval Merck's pharma unit faces tougher 2017 as fertility boost recedes Amgen's Repatha unclogs blocked arteries, says study The rise and rise of Generation Now Targovax appoints Oystein Soug as CEO PMHubAdd my company Any category... Advertising Branding Clinical research Conferences meetings events Creative and design Digital communications Homecare Industry associations IT solutions Management consultancies Manufacturing packaging logistics Market access Market research Marketing consultancies Media planning and buying Medical communications Medical education Patient support and adherence Pharmacy Print services Policy and government affairs Public relations Publishers Recruitment and career development Regulatory affairs Research and development Sales Training Translation services Agnitio Agnitio is a leading supplier of state-of-the-art multichannel communication. Specialists in digital communication tools for the global life sciences industry,... Latest intelligence Communication shouldn’t be a case of forcing a square peg into a round hole Communicating effectively: still a work in progres... Are we harnessing the full emotional power of brand creativity? Creative Director Damien Parsonage breaks down the common misconception that pharma and healthcare marketing for healthcare professionals ought to be entirely scientific and rational. Brands are powerful; here's how to... Opinion piece: Personalisation – the future of medical education Alex Goonesinghe, Research Manager, and Nigel Campbell, Multichannel Communications Director, share their thoughts on the growing trend towards personalised medical education.... Quick links Country reports Digital Handbook The Gallery Healthcare glossary How to advertise HTA guidance tracker Orphan drugs and rare diseases PME supplements Social media hub Webinars Infographics Multimedia<> Webinar: Customer engagement design Communiqué Awards 2015: Winners in pictures Communiqué Awards 2015: Gallery PMEA 2015: Winners in pictures PMEA 2015: Pictures About us Contact us How to advertise Site map All content copyright © PMGroup Worldwide Ltd 2016
null
Select PageHome About Archives Contact Advertising Distribution Points Charlotte News Raleigh/Triangle News Triad News Columbia News LGBT Carolina Politics LGBT Arts & Entertainment Serving LGBT Carolina since 1986:   Charlotte | Raleigh | Triad | Columbia         Home Print Edition Events Featured Events View All Events Submit an Event News Beyond the Carolinas Carolinas News Notes Charlotte Raleigh Triad Columbia Non-Profit Surveys In Memoriam Politics Legislative Watch Election 2014 Election 2013 Election 2012 All DNC 2012 News DNC 2012 Musings Opinion Editor’s Note Staff Editorials Spiritual Reflections Guest Commentary Letters & Comments QPoll A&E Young and Positive Our People Dishing with Buff Faye Health & Wellness Tell Trinity Out in the Stars Playing the Field Pride Holidays About Advertising Contact Distribution Points Website Commentary Guidelines Employment Online & Issue Archives       Transgender woman attacked, stabbed with a hatchet at a Charlotte park HB2 may have cost McCrory reelection QPoll: Were you surprised by Donald Trump winning the presidential election? Post Similar Posts Home » A&E / Life&Style » Positive Thoughts: The HIV vaccine search Oriol R. Gutierrez, Jr. Positive Thoughts: The HIV vaccine search The International AIDS Vaccine Initiative marks 20 years Published: September 9, 2016 in A&E / Life&Style Updated: September 8, 2016 at 11:43 pm ENGAGE: Write a letter to the editor | Comment on this story Mark Feinberg, M.D., Ph.D., is the new president and CEO of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative (IAVI). He took over as head of the organization in September 2015. He leads a global team of scientists, clinicians and advocates in the search for preventive HIV vaccines that are safe, effective and accessible. Prior to joining IAVI, Feinberg was the chief public health and science officer for Merck Vaccines. He served 11 years in total at Merck & Co. in various leadership roles, working on the pharmaceutical company’s vaccine and infectious disease efforts, which included rotavirus, human papillomavirus, shingles and HIV. Most recently, he led the company’s efforts on a promising Ebola vaccine. Feinberg has more than 30 years of experience in HIV care and research. He was on the faculty at the University of California, San Francisco, Calif. and the Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta, Ga. He was on the medical staff at San Francisco General Hospital and Grady Memorial Hospital in Atlanta, and he was a medical officer in the Office of AIDS Research at the National Institutes of Health. What are your thoughts on IAVI marking its 20th anniversary this year? It’s both a chance to reflect on what the organization has accomplished, as well as to think about its future. This year also marks 20 years since the advent of effective antiretroviral therapy. Before IAVI, that was a time when the most effective approaches to treating HIV had not yet been codified. However, the discussions to create an entity like IAVI predated the biomedical success of effective therapy. IAVI is committed to the overall goal of ending AIDS. We recognize that AIDS will only come to an end if an effective vaccine is developed, but while that work goes on, every aspect of the response to HIV needs to be maximized. That includes getting as many people as possible who have HIV to know they have the virus and getting as many people with HIV on therapy as soon as they are able. Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) should also be widely available. When an HIV vaccine is developed, it will coexist with other treatment and prevention modalities. That creates complexity, but it also creates opportunity and is a testament to how much progress has been made in 20 years. That said, the needs remain enormous. Most people living with HIV don’t know their status, most with the virus are not on treatment around the world, and most who could benefit from PrEP have no way of getting access to it. A vaccine would be the best possible solution to address a lot of the barriers that currently limit the impact of available interventions in protecting at-risk populations. A characteristic that distinguishes a vaccine from therapy or PrEP is that you can have a defined regimen of administration that would take place over a short period of time and would offer long-term protection. What is IAVI’s mission? IAVI is focused on the goal of developing an HIV vaccine. That includes work that we do in our own research labs and programs. But I think even more important than that is our commitment to maximizing the success of the overall HIV vaccine field. That means that we want to put in place resources that can support the work of investigators outside of IAVI, whether they’re from academic labs or government labs. One example of that is a service that we provide to investigators who don’t have experience taking promising ideas from the laboratory into the clinic. That involves all kinds of complicated issues, like properly manufacturing the vaccine candidate, assuring its quality, dealing with regulatory issues and designing appropriate clinical trials. Many of the most brilliant scientists don’t have that expertise and it wouldn’t be the best use of their time to try to acquire it. We provide that as a function to investigators. In many ways, what IAVI has designed itself to be in 2016 is an organization that seeks to identify opportunities for greater collaboration in the field. And it seeks to both identify and solve barriers that exist. We are advancing candidate vaccines that have demonstrated promise. What are some of IAVI’s successes? IAVI, our scientists and our collaborators have made major contributions to understanding the immune response in people with HIV and to using that information to guide vaccine development. In the course of that work, we have a much more detailed understanding of the structure of the key components of HIV that will likely be the target of protective immune responses, and we have a much better idea about how to design vaccines. Part of that work has led to the isolation of a series of monoclonal antibodies, both by IAVI and other investigators, that are now being explored for passive administration to prevent HIV infection. The goal would be to serve the same purpose as oral PrEP, but you might administer it once every three or six months via an injection rather than having to take a pill every day. There are lots of other, even more promising, antibodies including a number that IAVI and partners helped discover, isolate and characterize, that are also being explored as therapeutic or curative agents. Are there other interventions, including immunologic ones like broadly neutralizing monoclonal antibodies, that could help promote clearance of infected cells that are not somehow reached by drugs themselves? Are there ways of activating the expression of HIV proteins that could then be targeted by immunologic intervention, such as antibodies, to work in concert with the antiretroviral drugs to cure people of HIV? And if it’s not a definitive cure, can you achieve a so-called functional cure? That exploratory research is going on. Why is this process so difficult? Developing an HIV vaccine or some modality to cure people of HIV is dependent upon solving many complicated — and currently incompletely understood — aspects of the biology of HIV infection. They’re much more complicated than anything the scientific community has ever been asked to solve for before. HIV causes an infection that the immune systems of people with the virus aren’t able to get rid of and persists in them throughout their lives. We don’t yet have vaccines that protect against infections the immune system itself is not naturally able to clear. Making an HIV vaccine means that we’ll have to do better than the immune system normally does itself. There are a number of exciting ideas about how to do that. Will they work? I don’t know. Is it important to find ways of testing them as quickly as possible? Definitely. The main barrier is the science, but other barriers relate to how effectively people work together to address complicated challenges like this one, which involves a long-term effort. It involves stakeholders from the public sector, the private sector, academia, government and non-profit organizations. We’re gratified to see increased collaboration in the field. We want to do everything we can to foster that. What can individuals do to help? I started working in HIV in 1984. I had no idea at the time that I would be spending my entire career on it. This will outlast me for sure. One of the real challenges is the level of public attention to HIV has waned. Maintaining a durable commitment for as long as it’s going to take to get rid of AIDS is something that I think is an important area for advocacy, not only for IAVI. Individuals can make sure that the world doesn’t forget about the importance of continuing to pay attention to this issue. Continue to advocate for the development of new innovations. In addition, there is always the opportunity for participation in research studies. There’s a lot of work that will need to be done that will require clinical trials involving both people with the virus and HIV-negative people. Without the commitment of people who have been in clinical trials to date, we wouldn’t have the modalities that we have today. : : — Oriol R. Gutierrez Jr. is the editor-in-chief of POZ magazine. Find him on Twitter @oriolgutierrez. This column is a project of Plus, Positively Aware, POZ, The Body and Q Syndicate, the LGBT wire service. Visit their websites at hivplusmag.com, positivelyaware.com, poz.com and thebody.com for the latest updates on HIV/AIDS. Related Posts Positive Thoughts: HIV in America South Carolina: Beach event, run/walk, bartender brawl, parade winners Gathering was informative, thrilled to attend Presenting Sponsor: Rosedale Infectious Diseases, comprehensive care for HIV/AIDS patients Quick Hits 09.09.16 InFocus: Charlotte 2016 — Free HIV/AIDS testing Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr 0SHARES FacebookTwitter You can support independent, local LGBT media! Give a one-time gift or sign up for ongoing voluntary online subscription to support qnotes' nearly three-decade long community service and keep our publication's dynamic, hard-hitting and insightful news and entertainment coverage alive. Click here to support us today. Comments Post a Comment! Cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. You can support QNotes You can support independent, local LGBT media! Give a one-time gift or sign up for an ongoing, voluntary online subscription to support qnotes' nearly three-decade long community service and keep our publication's dynamic, hard-hitting and insightful news and entertainment coverage alive. Click here to support us today. Print Edition: On Stands Now Click on the reader below to see the full digital print edition, including the latest news and updates from our advertisers. In this issue, we bring transgender awareness to the forefront with a host of features covering workplace issues, intersectionality, hormone shortages, intersexuality and the expansion of our alphabet soup while we honor the memories of those who have been lost. This is also our annual holiday gift guide issue and we've got a great sampling of cool and innovative gifts to charge your gift-giving imagination. We also have current local, regional, national and global news and interesting features along with compelling commentary. VIEW ALL NOVEMBER 4 PRINT CONTENT... VIEW DIGITAL PRINT EDITION ONLINE... Popular Posts Transgender woman attacked, stabbed with a hatchet at a Charlotte park HB2 may have cost McCrory reelection Queer sex slang: Know it or beware New Chick-fil-A filings show decrease in anti-LGBT funding The Southern Gospel Closet 5 easy steps for turning up the flame of your partner's sexual appetite Concerns raised as anti-gay Elevation Church makes inroads at local schools QPoll: Be Heardqnotes wants to know what you think! Have your say by voting in our QPoll below. Were you surprised by Donald Trump winning the presidency? Yes, very Yes, somewhat No I was unsure how it would turn out View Results  Loading ... Transgender woman attacked, stabbed... A woman was attacked at a west Charlotte park in what she is calling a hate crime. Three teenage suspects have been arrested. more HB2 may have cost McCrory reelection At the climax of an election season unprecedented in history for its brutality and tragedy, there is one glimmer of light: Gov. Pat McCrory lost his... more Gregg Popovich still sick to his... San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich is worried about what a Donald Trump presidency means for our country, saying "my big fear is — we are R... more Chelsea Clinton rallies with TurnOUT NC... Watch Chelsea Clinton rally LGBTQ and ally voters to not only get out the vote but to knock on doors and help spread the word to elect her mother,... more Jesse’s Journal: Election Day... According to a poll taken by the American Psychological Association, 52 percent of Americans polled said that the presidential election is a... more recent discussion Sam Adams on CIAA, NAIA, NJCAA cancel events in North Carolina over HB2 Sam Adams on CIAA, NAIA, NJCAA cancel events in North Carolina over HB2 Nancy Nance on CIAA, NAIA, NJCAA cancel events in North Carolina over HB2 Community Events Thursday, November 17, 2016 Reefer Madness Thursday, November 17, 2016 Three Bone Theatre presents Grand Concourse by Heidi Schreck Friday, November 18, 2016 The Jazz Room at The Stage Door Theater November 18 Friday, November 18, 2016 Reefer Madness Friday, November 18, 2016 Three Bone Theatre presents Grand Concourse by Heidi Schreck View All Events View Featured Events Submit a new event listing Tweets by @qnotescarolinas Home About Archives Contact Advertising Distribution Points Charlotte News Raleigh/Triangle News Triad News Columbia News LGBT Carolina Politics LGBT Arts & Entertainment RSS Feed top This amazing theme was handcrafted by Bebel
null
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Biotechnology | Investments Opinions Multi-Billion Dollar Cancer Treatment & Patient Care Industry Boosting Biotech Sector to New Highs CORAL SPRINGS, Florida, September 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The biotech sector continues to remain active through new license agreements, product announcements & FDA Approvals, as well as the research and development of ground-breaking cancer drug treatments. Leading biotech companies achieving new milestones or making headlines in the markets to watch are Q BioMed Inc. (OTCQB: QBIO), Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ: MYL), Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), Merck & Co., Inc (NYSE: MRK) and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE: BMY). Q BioMed Inc. (OTC: QBIO), a biotechnology acceleration company is pleased to announce the closing of an exclusive license and option agreement for a FDA approved generic drug, Strontium Chloride ("SR89").  This licensed radiopharmaceutical agent is indicated for the treatment of pain associated with metastatic bone cancer. SR89 provides long lasting relief for patients suffering from bone pain due to metastatic cancer, typically caused by advanced-stage breast, prostate or lung cancer. The drug is preferentially absorbed in bone metastases, it has been proven to provide a long-term effect resulting in non--narcotic cancer pain relief and enhanced quality of life.  Cancer palliation drug expected to start generating revenue in less than 12 months  Read the full QBIO Press Release at:  http://financialnewsmedia.com/profiles/qbio.html Q BioMed immediate efforts and resources will focus on the material procurement and manufacturing process as well as preparing the marketing plan and distribution strategy.  This drug is expected to be revenue ready within a short time frame and we aim to generate sales within the first year.  We will make every effort to make this drug as widely available as possible and ensure that the drug will be priced competitively at a cost to patients that is lower than what they are currently paying. In the current environment of skyrocketing drug and medical costs, we believe this is a welcome deviation from the recent headlines. There are approximately 300,000 new cases of bone metastases in patients with breast and lung cancer per year in the U.S. alone. Approximately 80% of patients using SR89 have reported experiencing a substantial decrease in pain, an increase in physical activity and a reduction in the need for opiate analgesics, such as morphine. A U.S. Senate subcommittee has opened a "preliminary inquiry" into Mylan Pharmaceuticals' - Mylan N.V.(NASDAQ: MYL) price increases on its allergic reaction treatment EpiPen, Sens. The company's sixfold price increases on the EpiPen over the last several years sparked public outrage and condemnation by various lawmakers last month.  Read the full article at http://finance.yahoo.com/m/6779e9e6-126d-32c1-b98f-768027f1509f/ss_senate-subcommittee-opens.html Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN), a leading global pharmaceutical company, and RetroSense Therapeutics LLC,  a private, clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on novel gene therapy approaches to restore vision in patients suffering from blindness, recently announced that Allergan has acquired substantially all of the assets of RetroSense in an all-cash transaction. Under the terms of the transaction, Allergan has paid RetroSense a $60 million upfront payment, and has agreed to potential regulatory and commercialization milestone payments related to its lead development program, RST-001, a novel gene therapy for the potential treatment of Retinitis Pigmentosa (RP). Merck & Co., Inc (NYSE: MRK), known as MSD outside the United States and Canada, announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), the company's anti-PD-1 therapy, for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors express PD-L1, with a PDUFA, or target action, date of Dec. 24, 2016. Additionally, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation for this indication. Merck has also submitted a Marketing Authorization Application to the European Medicines Agency for this indication. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE: BMY) this week announced that the European Commission has approved ORENCIA® (abatacept) intravenous (IV) infusion and subcutaneous (SC) injection, in combination with methotrexate (MTX), for the treatment of highly active and progressive disease in adult patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) not previously treated with MTX. With this approval, ORENCIA is the first biologic therapy with an indication in the European Union (EU) specifically applicable to the treatment of MTX-naive RA patients with highly active and progressive disease. Studies of ORENCIA involving adult patients with high disease activity (mean DAS28-CRP of 5.4) accompanied by poor prognostic factors for rapidly progressive disease (positive for anti-CCP antibodies (also known as ACPA), and/or RF+, presence of baseline joint erosions) provided the clinical trial evidence supporting the recommendation. This approval allows for the expanded marketing of ORENCIA in all 28 Member States of the EU. DISCLAIMER:  FN Media Group LLC (FNMG) is a third party publisher and news dissemination service provider, which disseminates electronic information through multiple online media channels.  FNMG is NOT affiliated in any manner with any company mentioned herein.  FNMG and its affiliated companies are a news dissemination solutions provider and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security.  FNMG's market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities.  The material in this release is intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or interpreted as research material.  All readers are strongly urged to perform research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial professional before considering any level of investing in stocks.  All material included herein is republished content and details which were previously disseminated by the companies mentioned in this release.  FNMG is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers.  Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment when investing in stocks.  For current services performed FNMG has been compensated three thousand seven hundred dollars for news coverage of the current press release issued by Q BioMed Inc. by the company.  FNMG HOLDS NO SHARES OF ANY COMPANY NAMED IN THIS RELEASE. This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", "future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of the date hereof and FNMG undertakes no obligation to update such statements. Contact Information: Company: FN Media Group, LLC Contact email: editor@financialnewsmedia.com Phone: +1-(954)345-0611 URL: http://www.financialnewsmedia.com SOURCE FN Media Group LLC More by this Source Mobile Gaming Stocks Capitalize on Blistering Rise in the Gaming Industry 06 Oct, 2016, 13:30 BST Latest & Fastest Growing Mobile Gaming Apps Now Available on iOS & Android are Driving Revenue Gains 20 Sep, 2016, 13:30 BST View all news by FN Media Group LLC Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Biotechnology News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Zimbabwe World Politics Business Banking & Finance Opinion Arts & Entertainment Sport   Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Farming & Enviroment News Ticker [ 16th November 2016 ] Russia quits ICC following Ukraine ruling World [ 16th November 2016 ] Messi magic puts Argentina back on World Cup track Sport [ 16th November 2016 ] Two white South Africans charged after forcing black man into coffin World [ 16th November 2016 ] South African retailer Spar Group pulls out of Zimbabwe Business [ 16th November 2016 ] Explainer: a tour of Robert Mugabe’s early and later legacies Columinsts Search for: HomeGalleryEbola vaccine trial halted temporarily after joint pains: Geneva hospital Ebola vaccine trial halted temporarily after joint pains: Geneva hospital 11th December 2014 Staff Reporter Gallery, Health & Fitness 0 GENEVA – A clinical trial of an Ebola vaccine developed by Merck and NewLink has been halted temporarily as a precautionary measure after four patients complained of joint pains, the University of Geneva Hospital said on Thursday. “They are all fine and being monitored regularly by the medical team leading the study,” it said in a statement. The trials will resume on Jan. 5, on up to 15 volunteers, after checks to ensure that the joint pain symptoms in hands and feet were “benign and temporary”, the hospital said. Fifty nine volunteers have been vaccinated so far in the human safety trials in Geneva, which began on Nov. 10. Scientists are racing to develop Ebola vaccines after the world’s worst outbreak of the virus has killed more than 6,000 people in West Africa so far this year. Separately, safety data from a trial of a GlaxoSmithKline Ebola vaccine on 120 volunteers is “satisfactory”, the University of Lausanne Hospital said on Thursday. The first results of the Lausanne hospital’s trial of the GSK vaccine and whether it provides immunity against the virus are expected by the end of December, the university said in a statement. “The safety data looked satisfactory so far,” said Professor Blaise Genton, who is leading the GSK trial in Lausanne. “General symptoms such as fever might be slightly more frequent, though no serious adverse event has been observed so far.” Scientists reported on Nov. 26 in the New England Journal of Medicine that another version of the experimental GSK vaccine caused no serious side effects and produced an immune response in all 20 healthy volunteers who received it in an early-stage trial. The Geneva researchers reported on Dec. 2 that the first people vaccinated with the Merck-NewLink shot had seen no serious side effects, but a few had mild fever. On Thursday, the team said that four patients had reported joint pains in the second week that had lasted a few days. Before it was suspended, this first phase of the trial had been due to continue for another week. “The Geneva team has decided to allow time to understand what is happening. This precaution of momentarily suspending the trial is usual and classic in all clinical trials,” the team said. It was in close contact with researchers in the United States, Germany, Canada and Gabon who are carrying out the same trial on the Merck-NewLink vaccine, it said. “These centers have not observed symptoms of inflammation in their volunteers to date.” Marie-Paule Kieny, vaccine expert at the World Health Organization, said that the delay to the Merck-NewLink trial would allow time to see how widespread the problems are, but the trial should then be able to continue as originally planned. “It’s not a setback, not at all,” Kieny told a briefing. GAVI, the global vaccines alliance, pledged $300 million on Thursday to buy Ebola vaccines. Related Posts Bid to depose Mnangagwa from VP post being formalised ZANU PF’s youth and women’s leagues are stepping up their campaign to have Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa demoted and replaced by a woman possibly at an extraordinary party congress in December. Elias ... READ MORE Where are you Robert Mugabe? HARARE - Yesterday marked about thirty-six days since President Robert Mugabe took leave and went on his controversial Far East holiday, amid a rising chorus of criticism of the nonagenarian’s ... READ MORE Mnangagwa’s supporters seething with anger at Moyo VICE-PRESIDENT Emmerson Mnangagwa’s backers have reacted angrily to Information minister Jonathan Moyo’s statements that the Midlands strongman is not guaranteed to succeed President Robert Mugabe. BY XOLISANI NCUBE Moyo on Monday told ... READ MORE Lame duck Mphoko rides on power bubble HARARE,– Acting President Phelekezela Mphoko is technically solely in charge of the republic in the absence of President Robert Mugabe and Vice President Emmerson Mnangagwa who constitute the presidium but ... READ MORE Africa faces up to obesity epidemic Some parts of Africa are best known for charity appeals to combat famine, but the continent is now facing the opposite problem: an obesity epidemic. “In terms of Africa, obesity is ... READ MORE Zimbabwe economic crisis worsens ZIMBABWE’S fragile economy, which is in debt distress, is headed for a contraction that could trigger an unprecedented humanitarian, economic and social crisis following a slowdown in recovery witnessed after ... READ MORE Mugabe, Zanu-PF admit land reform a disaster – MDC Cape Town – Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and his ruling Zanu-PF party have finally admitted their controversial land reform programme was a disaster, the opposition Movement Democratic Change (MDC) led ... READ MORE I want to work with Mujuru – Tsvangirai HARARE - Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai reiterated yesterday that he stood ready to work with former Vice President Joice Mujuru to ensure that President Robert Mugabe and his brawling post-congress ... READ MORE ‘Mugabe blows $20m on trips’ HARARE - Former Finance minister and People’s Democratic Party (PDP) leader Tendai Biti has sensationally claimed that President Robert Mugabe has this year alone blown almost $20 million on foreign ... READ MORE Zimbabwean ageing tyrant Robert Mugabe heckled in Parliament HARARE - President Mugabe State of the Nation Address, updates by Newsday. He gave an unusually short speech which has been widely ridiculed. “The country has pressed forward with measures towards ... READ MORE Bid to depose Mnangagwa from VP post being Where are you Robert Mugabe? Mnangagwa’s supporters seething with anger at Moyo Lame duck Mphoko rides on power bubble Africa faces up to obesity epidemic Zimbabwe economic crisis worsens Mugabe, Zanu-PF admit land reform a disaster – I want to work with Mujuru – Tsvangirai ‘Mugabe blows $20m on trips’ Zimbabwean ageing tyrant Robert Mugabe heckled in Parliament Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Mary J. Blige appreciates Kanye West’s honesty 15th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 The 45-year-old singer teamed up with the ‘Famous’ hitmaker on her new album and admits it was “always a dream” of hers to collaborate with the rapper. She said: “Kanye, I love him because he’s […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Music Minute: AMAs 2016 welcomes Drake, Rihanna and Bieber, Robbie Williams 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 In this week’s Music Minute, the American Music Awards 2016 heads to Los Angeles, Robbie Williams breaks David Bowie’s album chart record and Fergie releases a new single. AMAs 2016 The American Music Awards are […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Phil Collins admits £24.3m divorce from third wife was a ‘mistake’ 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 Singer Phil Collins admits divorcing his third wife Orianne Cevey was a “mistake”. The In The Air Tonight singer famously shelled out a reported £24.3m ($30.4m) in his divorce settlement with Cevey but Collins insists […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Bon Jovi takes Billboard’s No.1 album spot for sixth time 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 New albums from rockers Bon Jovi and R&B singer Alicia Keys took the two top spots on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart on Monday, while the soundtrack for kids movie “Trolls” moved in to third […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)   Previous article Next article In the Spotlight Russia quits ICC following Ukraine ruling by Staff Reporter in World 0 Russia has withdrawn from the International Criminal Court (ICC) only two days after an ICC ruling added legal weight to an argument that Moscow had instigated the war raging in the east of Ukraine. On [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Clitoris vs vagina: When studying the female orgasm, the whole is more than the sum of its parts by Staff Reporter in Science 0 The female orgasm can’t be understood by focusing on a single part of the body, says research. In an attempt to move the debate over the female orgasm on from ‘clitoris versus the vagina’, psychologist [...] Editor’s Russia quits ICC following Ukraine ruling Messi magic puts Argentina back on World Cup track Two white South Africans charged after forcing black man into coffin South African retailer Spar Group pulls out of Zimbabwe Explainer: a tour of Robert Mugabe’s early and later legacies Zimbabweans Anxiously Await Bond Notes Fake Trump Quotes About Africans Have Blown Up On Facebook Thanks To Hoax Sites Mary J. Blige appreciates Kanye West’s honesty Volume of financial transactions dips amid cash woes, RBZ data shows Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Russia quits ICC following Ukraine ruling - Zimbabwe Consolidated News: […] READ MOREISTANBUL/ANKARA – Forces loyal to Turkey’s government fought on Saturday to crush the last remnants of a military… Russia quits ICC following Ukraine ruling - Zimbabwe Consolidated News: […] READ MOREGABORONE — Botswana, home to the world’s largest elephant population, will break ranks with its southern African neighbours… Russia quits ICC following Ukraine ruling - Zimbabwe Consolidated News: […] READ MOREJohannesburg – EFF leader Julius Malema says President Jacob Zuma failed to defend the Constitution and should be… News in Motion ‘Zanu PF Now in Tatters’ – Jabulani Sibanda 28th February 2016 0 4 held for ‘smuggling army equipment’ into Zimbabwe 29th September 2016 0 Zanu PF unmoved by Muchinguri ‘tape’ 5th July 2015 0 Mugabe US sanctions buster loses appeal 14th September 2016 0 Coltart vs Mnangagwa and the succession debate 28th March 2016 1 Robert Mugabe’s mega US$12k salary sparks outcry 6th March 2015 17 HARARE – The MDC Renewal Team has expressed shock at President Robert Mugabe’s revelation yesterday that he earns a $12,000 salary a month, which he said was not enough. “The MDC Renewal Team is extremely shocked [...] Biti, Ncube and other parties to announce coalition on Tuesday 30th May 2016 17 ‘Mnangagwa’s political fortunes falling apart 13th January 2016 16 Robert Mugabe regime can’t account for missing $3,5 billion earmarked for salaries 21st May 2015 16 Mourners strip at graveyard 25th April 2015 16 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 10723 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 10723 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2016 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News <!-- Responsive - AD --> (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Subscribe Desktop View Follow Us SPONSORED BY DAILY STAT: More Americans can't save READ MORE News + Features Agent News National News Local News Improving Your Business Current Market Reports Technology Cover Story Current Issue Vol. 3 – 2015 Vol. 2 – 2014 Vol. 1 – 2013 The Scene Events Magazine Archives Volume 4 – 2009 Volume 3 – 2008 Volume 2 – 2007 Volume 1 – 2006 About Us Advertising Contact Us Submit Editorial Calendar Meet Our Staff Desktop View Home> Local News No Comments This week in Miami real estate: Douglas Elliman welcomes back a familiar face and Miami Beach approves mega mansion by James McClister September 9, 2016 Lots of interesting things happened this week in the world of real estate. Notable stories this week include the Douglas Elliman welcoming back a familiar face and Miami Beach approving a the construction of a larger-than-life mega mansion. Catch up on this week’s top news with our real estate news roundup: Douglas Elliman welcomes back Denver Bright – According to a release from Douglas Elliman: The leading South Florida firm proudly welcomes back Denver Bright as Director of Luxury Sales within the Sports & Entertainment division in Miami Beach. Denver will concentrate his sales expertise on the Sunny Isles, Miami Beach and the Downtown Miami market, with a strong focus on luxury condos and waterfront homes. Pharmaceutical heir lists $27 million home – This week, heir to the Merck pharmaceutical fortune, George Merck, and his wife, Adele, officially listed their lakefront mansion in Palm Beach for $27 million, according to The Real Deal. The home is 14,310 square feet with six bedrooms, eight bathrooms and occupies a three-quarter-acre plot along Lake Worth. New condo set to rise in Coconut Grove – ROVR Development has released plans for its five-story luxury condo tower, The Fairchild Coconut Grove, the Miami Herald Reported. According to ROVR’s Oscar Rodriguez, the development is the only waterfront project currently being built in Coconut Grove. Huge mansion approved on Miami Beach – The Miami Beach board approved changes to a mega mansion being built by Stuart Miller this week, Curbed Miami reported. 11 Star Island, which it will be called, will be 120,000 square feet and feature a lagoon, and underground parking garage and a helicopter landing pad. Commenting is not available unless JavaScript is enabled. (No Ratings Yet) Loading... Cancel reply Leave A Comment Name* Email* Categories Agent Snapshot Cover Story Current Market Data Jobs Board Local News My Style National News Tech Reviews Technology The Scene The Short List Trends Viewpoints Our Top 5 Stories 1 The top 10 private high schools in…Read More » 2 President Trump's housing market: 5 possibilities to…Read More » 3 Miami association tries to stay positive as…Read More » 4 Greater Miami home to nation's No. 1…Read More » 5 My Style: Irina Kim Sang, Broker Associate,…Read More » MORE Agent EDU 5 Steps of the Listing Presentation Learn how to put together listing presentations that will blow away prospective clients at AgentEDU.com Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter From 2015 to 2016, the share of Americans with $1,000 or less in savings ROSE: https://t.co/N7tURl31Jh #downpayment about 39 minutes ago from Hootsuite @JC_Investorist of @Investorist remarks on the growing interest Chinese buyers have in the U.S. market: https://t.co/UBT4zVB5oY about 4 hours ago from Hootsuite in reply to JC_Investorist Here are 7 tech tips for real estate agents from a true expert at Move, Inc: https://t.co/bfFOzxSl3D #techtips #realestate about 18 hours ago from Hootsuite A neighborhood’s “quality” was the most important factor in where buyers chose to live: https://t.co/1Iw7WDcnaQ #NAR2016Profile #homebuyers about 19 hours ago from Hootsuite These are the #top10 private high schools in #GreaterMiami: https://t.co/me2ZTWarNF #TopMiamiHighSchool about 20 hours ago from Hootsuite @miamiagentmag Subscribe Follow Us Miami Agent Magazine About Staff Advertising Editorial Calendar Stay Connected RSS Facebook Twitter Our Sites Agent Publishing Atlanta Agent Boston Agent Chicago Agent Houston Agent Miami Agent Coming Soon Austin Charlotte Columbus Dallas Denver Fort Meyers Ft. Lauderdale Indianapolis Jacksonville Las Vegas Los Angeles Memphis Minneapolis New York Oakland Orange County Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Sacramento San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Sarasota Seattle St. Louis Washington D.C. Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Comment Policy Contact Us Press Room
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Edison Partners Leads Series A Investment in Big Cloud Analytics Edison Partners Leads Series A Investment in Big Cloud Analytics Posted on September 9, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Fuels Growth for Leading Predictive Analytics Technology for Insurance & Healthcare Industries Princeton, NJ (PRWEB) September 13, 2016 Edison Partners is pleased to announce leading a $4.5M Series A round of financing in Atlanta-based Big Cloud Analytics Inc. (BCA), a leader in predictive analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare industries. Funds will be used to expand sales and marketing efforts, as well as product development. BCA is making healthcare simple and easy to understand by using IoT data from smart watches, wearables and other connected devices in 29 countries to inform decision-making. The company is growing 400% year over year with the help of distribution partners like Intel, CDW and Grupo Datco, and has been recognized by CIO Review as one of the Top 100 most promising companies in Big Data globally. Customers include Merck, MLC Life Insurance, as well as other health and life direct insurers and reinsurers. “We are impressed with BCA’s leadership team and the momentum they have created in bringing predictive analytics based on wearable device data to healthcare and insurance customers,” said Joe Allegra, Edison General Partner, who led the investment and has joined the board of directors. “The company has attracted marquee customers and channel partners, validating its potential to lead the market in the US, Europe and Australia.” The Company’s proprietary COVALENCE analytics platform gathers data from a wide array of activity trackers and uses proprietary algorithms to compute advanced population health analytics, manage population wellness and achieve improved claims outcomes. BCA is able to analyze data in real time for millions of users per customer, and display data in easy to understand dashboards at both the broad and individual level. “We are excited to have a financial and operating partner like Edison to help us accelerate our growth,” said J Patrick Bewley, Big Cloud Analytics CEO. “We are already benefiting from the firm’s value-add — from their CEO leadership development event at West Point in June to ongoing sales and marketing guidance.” Edison has invested in and guided more than 20 Healthcare IT businesses and is actively investing out of its latest fund, Edison VIII. Current Healthcare IT portfolio companies include ClearPoint Learning, Lincor Solutions, Trialscope and, recent addition, Virtual Health. Noteworthy exits include CambridgeSoft, Dendrite, DiagnosisOne, InnaPhase, Octagon, POMs, Portico, Premier Health Exchange (PHX) and Taratec. About Big Cloud Analytics Big Cloud Analytics leads the market in real-time predictive analytics technology for the Internet of Things (IoT). Recognized in 2015 by Intel as a Health Innovation Award Finalist and by CIO Review as one of the Top 100 most promising companies in Big Data globally, the Company provides disruptive end-to-end solutions comprising both software and hardware through its proprietary COVALENCETM Analytics Platform. Big Cloud serves life and health insurance and other healthcare organizations, such as hospitals, pharma, senior living facilities, etc. as well as employers for population health management. For more information, visit http://www.bigcloudanalytics.com. About Edison Partners For 30 years, Edison Partners has been helping CEOs and their executive teams navigate the entrepreneurial journey and build successful companies. Through the unique combination of expansion capital and the Edison Edge platform, consisting of strategic advisory, the Edison Director Network, and executive education, Edison employs a holistic approach to nurturing invention and creating value for growth stage businesses ($5 to $20 million in revenue) in financial technology, healthcare IT, enterprise IT, and marketing technology industries. Edison investment objectives also include: buyouts, recapitalizations, spinouts and secondary stock purchases. Edison’s active portfolio has created aggregate market value exceeding $5 billion. Its long-tenured team based in Princeton, NJ manages more than $1 billion in assets throughout the eastern United States. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/08/prweb13643302.htm Latest News HACR Applauds Appointment of Geisha Williams as President & CEO of PG&E U.S. Chamber Foundation Launches New Project: “Beyond 34: Recycling and Recovery for A New Economy” Revolutionary Bra Company Launches Comfy Product to Embrace Realism and Nix Armpit Fat Jennifer Lassonde, Senior Project Specialist at Massachusetts General Hospital, Wins 2016 Voalte Innovator of the Year Award 2016 DFW Auto Show in Fort Worth Arrives Dec. 1-4 Use of Healthcare Accounts in the U.S. Is Booming as Healthcare Costs Rise McClintock Distilling Opening Doors December 3rd 3xLOGIC Ranked 321st Fastest Growing Company in North America on Deloitte’s 2016 Technology Fast 500 Carlisle Academy Helping Educate University of New England Health Occupations Students About Equine Therapy US Sports Camps and Stanford University to Host Winter Women’s Lacrosse Camp December 27-30 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Crushing Blow Sent Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. Down 23% in August Can Bristol-Myers Squibb recover from this surprising "CheckMate"? Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) Sep 8, 2016 at 8:23AM Image source: Getty Images. What happened Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY), a global drug developer focused on the development cancer, cardiovascular, and genetic-defined disease drugs, plunged 23% in the month of August according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. The reason for Bristol-Myers' dismal performance can be traced to the top-line release of its CheckMate-026 data on Aug. 5. So what Bristol-Myers Squibb's CheckMate-026 trial was expected to be just as successful as every other trial the company had run with its cancer immunotherapy Opdivo. Unfortunately, that proved not to be the case. CheckMate-026 was designed to examine Opdivo as a monotherapy in patients with previously untreated advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of at least 5%. The data showed that Opdivo failed to meet the primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival. This was a big blow for treatment-naïve NSCLC patients, and it's an even bigger blow for Bristol-Myers' whose previously pristine cancer drug looked suddenly fallible. Image source: Merck. Making matters worse, Bristol-Myers Squibb's rival, Merck (NYSE:MRK), demonstrated positive results in its own treatment-naïve trial with cancer immunotherapy drug Keytruda. It should be noted that neither trial is comparable, because Keytruda was tested in first-line NSCLC in patients whose tumors had PD-L1 expression of 50% or higher. Of course, Merck's Keytruda not only met its primary endpoint of a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival, but it also lent to a statistically significant improvement in overall survival as well. Now what According to Leerink analyst Seamus Fernandez following the top-line data release from CheckMate-026, the result of this failure could wind up costing Bristol-Myers up to $4 billion in annual Opdivo sales. The company does still have its CheckMate-227 study ongoing, which is examining the combination of Opdivo and Yervoy for PD-L1-positive patients, but the damage from CheckMate-026 has clearly been done. Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb. On one hand, I'd suggest that it's important for investors to remember that cancer immunotherapies usually work better as combination therapies than as monotherapies. While it was disappointing to see Opdivo fail, it's not the end of the line for Opdivo, either. Bristol-Myers has dozens of ongoing studies that Opdivo could become a standard-of-care for in combination with an existing chemotherapy or cancer therapeutic. Conversely, Opdivo's aggressive trial (targeting just PD-L1 expression of 5% or higher as opposed to Ketytruda's 50%+), and failure, should allow Merck's Keytruda to creep back into the picture, potentially allowing it to take market share from Opdivo in certain indications. With profit estimates on Bristol-Myers dropping due to the CheckMate-026 fallout, I don't exactly see how paying 18 times forward earnings necessarily makes Bristol-Myers attractive. Though I do believe Opdivo remains a superior cancer choice in a number of key indications, the company will need a few wins under its belt to put this disappointment in the rearview mirror. Until such time, the sideline looks like a safe place to hang out. Sean Williams has no material interest in any companies mentioned in this article. You can follow him on CAPS under the screen name TMFUltraLong, and check him out on Twitter, where he goes by the handle @TMFUltraLong. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info Sep 8, 2016 at 8:23AM Health Care Stocks Merck and Co. NYSE:MRK $62.84 down $0.81 (-1.27%) Bristol-Myers Squibb NYSE:BMY $56.18 down $0.51 (-0.90%) Read More 3 Great Dividend Stocks in the Bargain Bin for Retirees 3 Reasons Bristol-Myers Is a Buy Why Regulus Therapeutics Is Slumping 14% Today After Opdivo's Failure, Is Merck a Better Buy Than Bristol-Myers? Exelixis, Inc. Prepares for Blastoff Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null

ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search The Biotech ETF With The Unusual Investment Strategy September 9, 2016 6:40am NASDAQ:CNCR ShareTweet With most of the investable universe covered by an ETF in some form or another, fund providers are targeting increasingly narrow spaces for new product launches. Management style tactics are also veering from the norm, as evidenced by the boom in smart beta products. While many of the ETFs are perfectly acceptable in the context of their stated investment objectives, one biotech ETF stands out with a more curious strategy. The Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF (NASDAQ:CNCR) seeks to target companies are developing therapies to treat cancer using the body’s own immune system. Cancer immunotherapy is a growing trend in science and medicine so developing an ETF that stands to benefit from its potential is logical. The way that the portfolio is constructed, however, may be preventing the fund from achieving its goal. The fund targets a total of 30 companies for its portfolio. It consists of 23 small biotech names that are developing immunotherapy drugs, some of which are in various stages of clinical trial. The other seven names are some of the largest names in healthcare working on immunotherapy. The result is a strange portfolio that is part micro-cap, part mega-cap. The combination of large and small companies also impacts the fund’s ability to provide a pure play on immunotherapy. Many of the clinical stage biotechs are staking their existences on the success of their cancer therapy drug pipelines. These companies offer direct exposure to the growth of the cancer immunotherapy industry. For the large cap names in the portfolio such as Amgen (AMGN), Pfizer (PFE), Celgene (CELG) and Merck (MRK), immunotherapy likely represents very little of the company’s bigger picture. While these companies may be involved in the field in some form or degree, an investment in any of these stocks is an investment in the broader healthcare sector, not in immunotherapy specifically. The correlation between the Cancer Immunotherapy ETF and the SPDR Health Care Select Sector ETF (XLV) is somewhere between 70% and 80% depending on the time period examined, so the presence of the mega-cap pharma companies isn’t turning it into a more generalized health care ETF. The fund may be better off without them, though, if it wishes to provide more pure exposure to immunotherapy. The presence of the big pharma names in the portfolio does make some sense given that a consolidation in the immunotherapy industry is likely to occur once it begins maturing. There is a good possibility that any small biotech demonstrating success with its cancer drug pipeline will be ripe for acquisition by a big name like Novartis (NVS) or Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY). In the end, the Loncar Cancer Immunotherapy ETF does meet its objective of investing in a portfolio of 30 names with exposure to the sector. Those names, however, are exposed to much different degrees. The mix of mega-caps and micro-caps in one ETF is a bit of an odd combination. Investors buying shares of this fund believing that they’re getting a pure play on the growing immunotherapy industry may be a little disappointed. CNCR closed at $25.09 per share on Thursday, up $0.26 (+1.05%). Year-to-date, the fund has fallen 12.15%, but has risen 15% in the past six months. About the Author: David Dierking David Dierking is a freelance writer focusing primarily on ETFs, mutual funds, dividend income strategies and retirement planning. He has spent more than 20 years in the financial services industry and his background includes experience in investment management, portfolio analytics and asset/liability management at both BMO Financial Group and Strong Capital Management. He has written for Seeking Alpha, Motley Fool, ETF Trends and Investopedia and was also included in the panel for ETFReference.com’s “101 ETF Investing Tips from the Experts”. He has a B.A. in Finance from Michigan State University and lives in Wisconsin with his wife and two daughters. You can connect with David on Twitter and LinkedIn. Tags: biotech NASDAQ:CNCR Categories: NASDAQ:CNCR Read Next What to Know About the Biotech World This Week M&A Fever Continues to Propel Biotech ETF’s Recovery A Biotech Investor’s Worst Nightmare Just Came True Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular The Biggest Post-Trump Winner So Far? DryShips Is Up 1600% Technicals Suggest A Dow Pullback Could Be Brewing Why Is Oil Bouncing By 3% Today? Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Tweet   Research Details & Developments Market for Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking, 2010- 2016 This "Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016" report provides insight into the adoption trends, market dynamics, competitive landscape, pipeline products, current and emerging players as well as market outlooks.   Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 09, 2016 ) Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 Size and Share Published in 2016-09-01 Available for US$ 2995 at Researchmoz.us Description The Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 report is your one-stop source for providing real-deal information on hundreds of transactions, including the technology licensed, royalty rates, license fees, upfront and milestone payments. This report provides details of the latest partnering deals which disclose a royalty rate, announced in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic sectors. The report provides details of partnering deals disclosing royalty rates from 2010 to 2016. The report provides an overview of how and why companies enter partnering deals where a royalty is payable upon commercialization of the compound or technology. Understanding the flexibility of a prospective partners negotiated deals terms provides critical insight into the negotiation process in terms of what you can expect to achieve during the negotiation of terms. Whilst many smaller companies will be seeking details of the payments clauses, the devil is in the detail in terms of how payments are triggered contract documents provide this insight where press releases and databases do not. This report contains a comprehensive listing of all partnering deals announced since 2005 where a quantitative royalty rate has been disclosed, as recorded in the Current Agreements deals and alliances database. Each deal record and royalty disclosure is available in further detail via a link to online copy of the deal including actual contract document, where available, as submitted to the Securities Exchange Commission by companies and their partners. The initial chapters of this report provide an orientation of royalty rate trends in pharma and biotech since 2010. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the report, whilst chapter 2 provides an overview of the trends in royalty rates in the pharma and biotech sectors since 2010, including a summary of the recent literature on the subject. Chapter 3 provides an average benchmark royalty rates. The chapter includes numerous tables and figures summarizing the benchmark royalty rates by stage of development, therapy area and technology area. Get a Free Sample Copy of the Report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=807374 Chapter 4 provides a more detailed insight into the structure of a royalty rate clause and how it fits with the other financial terms of the partnering deal. The chapter includes numerous case studies for actual deals where royalty rates have been disclosed. Chapter 5 provides an insight into companies active in disclosing royalty rates as well as those deals attracting the highest royalty rates, and why. Chapter 6 provides comprehensive and detailed access to deals which disclose a royalty rate since 2010 where a contract document is available. Contract documents provide an in-depth insight into the actual deal terms agreed between the parties with respect to the royalty rate. In addition the report includes a comprehensive appendix listing of all deals where a royalty rate has been disclosed announced since 2010. Each listing is organized as an appendix by company A-Z, stage of development at signing, therapeutic area, and technology type. Each deal title links via hyperlink to an online version of the deal record including, where available, the actual contract document. The report includes deals announced by hundreds of life science companies including big pharma such as Abbott, Abbvie, Actavis, Amgen, Astellas, AstraZeneca, Baxter, Bayer, Biogen Idec, BMS, Celgene, Eisai, Eli Lilly, Gilead, GSK, J&J, Kyowa Hakko, Merck, Mitsubishi, Mylan, Novartis, Pfizer, Roche, Sanofi, Shire, Takeda, Teva, and Valeant, amongst many others. The report also includes numerous table and figures that illustrate the trends in royalty rates in pharma and biotech deal making since 2010. In conclusion, this report provides everything a prospective dealmaker needs to know about royalty rates in the pharma and biotech sector. Inquiry on this report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=807374 Key benefits Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 provides the reader with the following key benefits: In-depth understanding of royalty rate partnering deal trends since 2010 Analysis of the structure of royalty clauses with numerous real life case studies Comprehensive listing of all partnering deals since 2010 where a royalty rate is disclosed, together with deal terms, value and press release Comprehensive access to actual partnering deal contracts entered into by the worlds life science companies where a royalty rate is disclosed Insight into the royalty terms included in a licensing agreement, together with real world clause examples Understand the key deal terms companies have agreed in previous deals Undertake due diligence to assess suitability of your proposed deal terms for partner companies Report scope Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 is intended to provide the reader with an in-depth understanding of the royalty rate trends and structure of deals entered into by leading life science companies worldwide. Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 includes: Trends in royalty rates in the biopharma industry since 2010 Analysis of royalty rate clause structure Case studies of real-life licensing deals which disclose royalty rates Comprehensive listing of licensing deals which disclose royalty rates since 2010 Access to licensing contract documents which disclose royalty rates The leading licensing deals by royalty rate value since 2010 Most active royalty rate disclosures since 2010 In Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 available deals and contracts are listed by: Company A-Z Headline value Therapeutic area Technology type Each deal title links via Weblink to an online version of the actual deal record and where available, contract document, providing easy access to each contract document on demand The Global Royalty Rate Trends in Pharma and Biotech Dealmaking 2010- 2016 report provides comprehensive access to available contract documents for licensing deals. Analyzing actual contract agreements allows assessment of the following: What are the precise royalty rates granted? What is actually granted by the agreement to the partner company? What exclusivity is granted? What is the payment structure for the deal? How are sales and payments audited? What is the deal term? How are the key terms of the agreement defined? How are IPRs handled and owned? Who is responsible for commercialization? Who is responsible for development, supply, and manufacture? How is confidentiality and publication managed? How are disputes to be resolved? Under what conditions can the deal be terminated? What happens when there is a change of ownership? What sublicensing and subcontracting provisions have been agreed? Which boilerplate clauses does the company insist upon? Which boilerplate clauses appear to differ from partner to partner or deal type to deal type? Which jurisdiction does the company insist upon for agreement law? Browse All Pharmaceutical Market Research Reports at: http://www.researchmoz.us/pharmaceutical-market-reports-38.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the worlds fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. Contact Us: ResearchMoz Mr. Nachiket Ghumare, +1-518-621-2074 USA-Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 sales@researchmoz.us <||>rnhttp://www.researchmoz.us/ Contact Information: Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Researchmoz Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Future Market Insights Tweet   Agar Market Has Been Estimated to Account for US$ 357,091.6 by 2026 Future Market Insights has announced the addition of the Agar Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026" report to their offering.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 09, 2016 ) Agar being used as an essential natural ingredient in food and beverages; in technical application; in bacteriological and many other sectors is propelling the demand for agar. Future Market Insights (FMI) estimates global agar volume to surpass 10,968.8 tonnes by 2016 end and represent market value of over US$ 220,838.5. In global market, the demand for agar is dominated by food and beverage segment which especially includes bakery and dairy products. Companies dealing in agar products are promoting agar as an ingredient which has natural and health benefits. Apart from its wide application in food and beverages industry, its application is also increasing in cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, media culture and medical analytics. Food and beverage industry is the largest segment which are preferring agar as a thickener and stabilising agent and is expected to account for over 84.0% value share in 2016. Moreover, food and beverage segment is expected to reach 9,216.8 tonnes in 2016  an increase of 1.5% over 2015. Request Free Report Sample@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-330 The form segment includes strips and powder. With powder segment registering significant revenue generation and estimated to account for 63.5% value share in 2016. FMI estimates global consumption of agar powder to surpass 6,969.7 tonnes by 2016 end, an increase of 1.7% in 2016 over 2015. In terms of consumption, Western Europe is the largest consumer with the total consumption estimated at 3,012.7 tonnes in 2015. Among all the regions, APEJ is predicted to observe robust growth over forecast period 20162026. Agarmex, New Zealand Manuka Group, Hispanagar, Acroyali Holdings Qingdao Co. Ltd., Industrias Roko, S.A, Neogen, Merck Group, Agarindo Bogatama, Setexam and Norevo Gmbh are the major companies identified across the value chain in the global agar market. Companies are also emphasising on research and development for application of agar in technical applications. Speak To Analyst@ http://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-330 Long-Term outlook:FMI seeks a positive long-term outlook on global agar market and anticipated global value of agar to surpass US$ 357,091.6 by 2026. Volume-wise, the global agar market is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 2.6% through 2026. Contact Information: Future Market Insights Abhishek Budholiya Tel: 2076928790 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null
null
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Election 2016 Health Watch Most Popular Innovations More Videos Most Popular World's first Audi Sport Center opens in UAE - 01:35 Cubs players break out the victory champagne - 01:22 Spending a night at Dracula's castle - 01:00 Trump leaves restaurant after shuffling transition team - 01:00 Man, 0 - panda, 1 - 00:52 Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily, researchers find - 02:11 Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than conventional foam versions - 01:46 Swap that environmentally-unfriendly to-go cup - 01:20 Macron, Le Pen fire up French election race - 01:49 New oil low despite Libya's troubles - 02:23 17,000 at-risk turtles released into Amazon - 01:22 U.S. ship joins New Zealand quake relief fleet - 01:59 Stocks sluggish despite job gains Wednesday, February 05, 2014 - 02:30 Feb. 5 - Summary: Blue chips fairly unchanged, while tech shares slide amid mixed economic and earnings news; U.S. services sector grows in December; Private sector adds 175,000 jobs - ADP; Twitter earnings disappoint after the bell; Disney beats forecasts. Jeanne Yurman reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Investors took a look at mixed economic data and earnings news and said "meh". Blue chips were little changed while tech shares stumbled. The U.S. services sector, which accounts for a majority of the country's jobs, chugged ahead last month according to the Institute for Supply Management. Its services index ticked up to 54 from 53 in December. And payroll processing firm ADP said private sector jobs expanded by 175,000 last month. The cold weather, it said, was behind the smallest increase since August. The markets have been unable to shake some possibly troubling signs of an economic slowdown and the challenges facing emerging markets. Famed investor Jim Rogers says these concerns will be with us for a while. SOUNDBITE: JIM ROGERS, CHAIRMAN, ROGERS HOLDINGS (ENGLISH) SAYING: "A lot of markets are going to have serious, serious problems for three or four years until they sort out their basic problems, which they're ignoring." After the bell, Twitter, under pressure to show Tweets translate to profits, beat Street forecasts with a non-GAAP earnings of two cents per share. But its average monthly subscriber number disappointed at 241 million. Dow component Walt Disney handily beat profit and revenue estimates helped by runaway hit "Frozen" and strength in its TV networks. Earlier in the day, Time Warner's space thriller "Gravity" helped propel better-than-forecast quarterly profits. And for the first time ever, it detailed results for HBO, revealing revenues of nearly $5 billion and the biggest jump in U.S. subscribers in 17 years. Merck's earnings missed Street forecasts. But shares of the number two U.S. drugmaker held steady after it said it's working with three other drugmakers to find combo treatments for a future cancer medicine. CVS Caremark became the first national drugstore chain to stop selling tobacco products. The company said selling them was in conflict with its efforts to be known as a health provider. And Google put a three-year antitrust probe by European regulators to rest - and avoided a fine - after agreeing to concessions on how it displays rivals' links on its website. It had been accused of promoting its own services at the expense of other companies like Microsoft. Sticking with Europe, edgy European markets broke a two-week slide thanks to a technical bounce. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2c2gtUu <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=276720006"></iframe> Close Stocks sluggish despite job gains Wednesday, February 05, 2014 - 02:30 Top News » Breakingviews TV: Tackling too big to fail 12:14pm EST - (4:52) Dozens of wildfires burning through Southeast 8:43am EST - (0:54) Obama depart Athens for Berlin on European... 9:42am EST - (0:55) Obama, on last trip to Europe, warns against... 8:37am EST - (1:36) Trump leaves restaurant after shuffling... 4:46am EST - (1:00) Prince William kicks off Vietnam visit with... 4:29am EST - (1:13) Indonesian police pursue blasphemy case... 3:29am EST - (1:10) NYC protesters call to stop controversial... 1:21am EST - (1:12) Suicide bomber kills four in Afghanistan's... 12:58am EST - (0:41) Canada's Trudeau is welcomed to Cuba Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:00) Police: Oklahoma City airport shooting "not a... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:59) Crews battle fire at California refinery Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:08) Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:45) Years-long rehab of the U.S. Capitol is... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:25) NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:31) Senate Dems call on Trump to fire Bannon Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:59) Students protest against President-elect Trump... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:57) Sandy Hook families ask state's top court to... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:21) Speaker Ryan says party is working... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:13) Obama warns against "crude sort of... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:22) Clashes in Athens during Obama visit Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:00) Ryan: Republicans "eager" to work with Trump Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:56) One injured, airport closed in shooting at... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:56) Six Utah high school students stabbed,... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:32) Obama, Tsipras to talk debt relief for Greece Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:18) Migrant Crisis » Migrants and police scuffle at border between... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:45) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Almost 700 migrants arrive in Italy following... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (0:39) Italian coastguard rescues migrants Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (0:58) Italian coastguard rescues 130 migrants in... Sat, Nov 05, 2016 - (0:43) Last child migrants leave Calais camp Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:10) France moves Calais child migrants, row with... Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:20) Pope Francis praises secular Sweden over... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:13) Pope Francis greets faithful in Sweden Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:14) Boat migrants face permanent Australia visa... Sun, Oct 30, 2016 - (0:58) As 'Jungle' camp disappears, Calais ponders... Sat, Oct 29, 2016 - (1:02) Paris reports rise in migrant rough-sleepers Sat, Oct 29, 2016 - (1:23) Iraqi refugee children dream of going to... Fri, Oct 28, 2016 - (0:48) France and Britain argue over Calais minors Fri, Oct 28, 2016 - (0:50) Celebrations at sea; rescued migrants dance... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (0:58) Afghan musicians caught in wave of... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:49) Refugees return home to Myanmar Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:01) Mediterranean migrant drownings on the rise:... Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:01) Rescue at Sea Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (0:55) Pope urges "solidarity" for migrants and... Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:18) Calais 'Jungle' camp tents set ablaze Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (0:40) Flames leap from 'The Jungle' Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:05) The Jungle burns in Calais Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:03) Over 300 migrants hoping to reach Italy... Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (0:58) The end of 'The Jungle' Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:31) Editors' Picks » U.S. ship joins New Zealand quake relief fleet 5:05am EST - (1:59) Colors adorn war-torn Baghdad streets Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:42) Sandy Hook families ask state's top court to... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:21) Years-long rehab of the U.S. Capitol is... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:25) Hope for Albania's bears in captivity 10:30am EST - (0:55) Judge orders "Making a Murderer" nephew freed... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:08) Cows rescued after being stranded in NZ quake Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:45) Elements of Trump's "temperament" won't serve... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:16) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (2:09) Groin-flashing frog found in Australia Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:41) Eastern Aleppo - a city in ruins Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:53) American Apparel files for second bankruptcy... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:53) British man sets off on swim across the... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:49) Paris attacks remembered one year later Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:24) Left must hold Trump accountable: Sanders Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (1:47) China economy threatened by household debt Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:39) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:32) Fire threatens homes near Sydney Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:48) Remains of Peru massacre victims returned Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (0:48) Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:26) Hundreds join Walnut the whippet's last walk Sun, Nov 13, 2016 - (0:50) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:06) France gears up for Paris attacks anniversary Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:49) No way out: angry migrants seek relief Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Delayed by wildfires, WorldView-4 satellite... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:00) Innovations » Smart rats join tool-user club 10:23am EST - (1:10) Robot dinosaurs get Raspberry Pi make-over Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (2:09) Groin-flashing frog found in Australia Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:41) Turning urine into biogas Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (2:09) Spray print app makes everyone an artist Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:55) Scientists edit genome to cure sickle cell... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:48) Paralyzed primate walks again after... Wed, Nov 09, 2016 - (1:56) Grow food at home from plant cells Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (1:35) Stopping drug resistant organisms Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (2:03) 'Blue blood' bid to encourage DNA screening Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (1:32) Bolivian llama conservation efforts pay... Sun, Nov 06, 2016 - (1:38) ROLI's touch-responsive tech presents a new... Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (2:29) Delft designers hope for drone take-off Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (2:13) Airbag bicycle helmets may be safer than... Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (1:46) Stressed out mosquitoes die more easily,... Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:11) New robot toy uses ‘emotions’ to interact with... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:45) Intelligent prosthetic leg automatically... Mon, Oct 31, 2016 - (1:58) Dinosaur brain tissue identified for first... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:58) Playing Pac-Man with tiny microbes Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (2:09) 3D tool predicts nose jobs more accurately Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (2:13) 3D solution to Syrian cultural destruction Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (2:19) HoloLens to help improve museum experience Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (2:05) Pint-sized dancing robot to foster kids' STEM... Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - (2:13) U.S. hopeful it can win Russia's agreement on... Fri, Oct 21, 2016 - (2:09) Entertainment » Bringing J.K. Rowling's magical world to life 2:02pm EST - (1:37) The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism debuts in... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:10) Female rights top of agenda at Glamour Awards Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:02) Natalie Portman's 'Jackie' premieres in LA Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (2:07) "Star Wars" exhibition comes to London Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:27) 'The Rock' discusses a future in politics Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:43) 'School of Rock - The Musical' opens in London Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (2:13) Models with Down Syndrome team up with... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:21) Disney releases "Beauty and the Beast" trailer Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (2:03) South Korean actors talk "Legend of the Blue... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:09) Aerosmith to say "Aero-Vederci" with European... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:57) Duke of Cambridge presents theatre award Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:48) Sting reopens Bataclan one year after Paris... Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:32) Filmmaker Michael Moore visits Trump Tower Sat, Nov 12, 2016 - (1:26) Robert Vaughn dies at 83 Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:56) Robert Redford announces retirement from... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:06) The Classic Rock Roll of Honour Awards moves... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:17) Canada mourns Leonard Cohen Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (0:44) The cast of "Fantastic Beasts" attend the... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:20) Warren Beatty film return in "Rules Don't... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:50) Why Ang Lee chose 'Billy Lynn' to showcase new... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:43) Amy Adams talks 'Arrival's awards buzz Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:31) Leonard Cohen dies at age 82 Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:05) Leonard Cohen dead aged 82 Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:01) Robert De Niro reacts to Trump as US president Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (1:25) Rough Cuts » Obama depart Athens for Berlin on European... 9:42am EST - (0:55) Obama, on last trip to Europe, warns against... 8:37am EST - (1:36) Trump leaves restaurant after shuffling... 4:46am EST - (1:00) Prince William kicks off Vietnam visit with... 4:29am EST - (1:13) Suicide bomber kills four in Afghanistan's... 12:58am EST - (0:41) Police: Oklahoma City airport shooting "not a... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:59) Crews battle fire at California refinery Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:08) The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism debuts in... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:10) Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:45) Senate Dems call on Trump to fire Bannon Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:59) Speaker Ryan says party is working... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:13) Obama warns against "crude sort of... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:22) Clashes in Athens during Obama visit Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:00) Striking public workers clash with police in... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:54) Ryan: Republicans "eager" to work with Trump Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:56) One injured, airport closed in shooting at... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:56) Six Utah high school students stabbed,... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:32) Obama says Greek economy needs space, debt... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:52) Obama, Tsipras to talk debt relief for Greece Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:18) Thai navy sinks ships to help the environment Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:56) Obama arrives in Greece Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (1:09) Cows rescued after being stranded in NZ quake Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (0:45) Pipeline protesters prompt lockdown of North... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (0:53) Supermoon shines from east to west Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:32) Obama leaves for last overseas trip Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (1:19) Moving Pictures » Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Images of August Thu, Sep 01, 2016 - (1:00) Venezuela's state of misery Wed, Aug 03, 2016 - (2:06) Images of July Fri, Jul 29, 2016 - (1:01) The interfaith memorial for Dallas police... Tue, Jul 12, 2016 - (1:27) Images of June Wed, Jun 29, 2016 - (1:49) Images of May Wed, Jun 01, 2016 - (1:01) The last Republican standing Wed, May 04, 2016 - (1:01) Images of April Mon, May 02, 2016 - (1:01) Afghanistan's first female orchestra Mon, Apr 18, 2016 - (0:46) Images of March Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (1:33) Who has nuclear weapons? Fri, Apr 01, 2016 - (0:46) What America really thinks about torture Wed, Mar 30, 2016 - (1:38) A floating school for a slum on stilts Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:54) Thirst for clean water Fri, Mar 18, 2016 - (0:57) World recognizes International Women's Day Tue, Mar 08, 2016 - (1:23) Images of February Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:01) What makes a city a great place to live? Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:05) Girls train to box their way to glory for... Tue, Mar 01, 2016 - (1:04) What's so super about Super Tuesday? Mon, Feb 29, 2016 - (1:06) The road to Super Tuesday Sun, Feb 28, 2016 - (1:01) FIFA rogue's gallery Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (1:10) A history of the Oscars' best actors Fri, Feb 26, 2016 - (0:23) Pope Francis makes headlines Thu, Feb 25, 2016 - (0:46) Assange’s lawyers call for court to overturn... Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (1:18) London Fashion Week Mon, Feb 22, 2016 - (0:46) Will Blatter’s ban be lifted? Tue, Feb 16, 2016 - (1:30) New York Fashion Week: The Shows Mon, Feb 15, 2016 - (0:51) Zika can’t stop carnival Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (1:07) Who is John Kasich? Thu, Feb 11, 2016 - (0:59) Washington’s baby panda scales tree Wed, Feb 10, 2016 - (0:18) All eyes on the New Hampshire primary Mon, Feb 08, 2016 - (1:49) Images of January Fri, Feb 05, 2016 - (1:01) Zika virus transmitted in U.S. Fri, Feb 05, 2016 - (1:23) Reuters Investigates » Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:32) Israel's fastest-growing minority threatens to... Mon, Nov 24, 2014 - (24:41) How elite corporate lawyers dominate the U.S.... Fri, Dec 05, 2014 - (3:17) Where the sea is closing in Thu, Nov 20, 2014 - (3:41) "You just can't beat the ocean": Watching the... Thu, Sep 04, 2014 - (8:11) Re-homing victim: "I could have been dead" Wed, Feb 19, 2014 - (8:24) Cops and loggers in the Amazon rainforest Fri, Jan 10, 2014 - (4:02) Billions in Pentagon spending down a black... Thu, Nov 14, 2013 - (4:37) The economic empire behind Iran's supreme... Mon, Oct 14, 2013 - (2:16) "Passed around like a dog" Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (6:32) Adopted, then abandoned online Thu, Aug 29, 2013 - (13:22) How the DEA keeps its secrets secret Mon, Aug 05, 2013 - (1:37) An inside look at the Taliban's bankers -... Wed, Dec 12, 2012 - (5:20) How education lost its role as the great... Mon, Dec 17, 2012 - (7:53) Jihad Jane: From abused child to American... Sat, Dec 08, 2012 - (10:02) Dateline Asia » U.S. ship joins New Zealand quake relief fleet 5:05am EST - (1:59) Trump to meet Shinzo Abe in diplomacy debut 2:33am EST - (2:06) President Trump threatens Australia refugee... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (2:02) No escape for Park as S. Korea scandal... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (2:01) New Zealand evacuates tourists from quake-hit... Tue, Nov 15, 2016 - (2:00) Household debt a growing risk to China's... Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (2:14) Fire fight: China's war on megatons of trash Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - (2:14) Alibaba's Singles Day sales break $5 billlon... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (2:08) Militants attack German consulate in... Fri, Nov 11, 2016 - (1:55) Millions rush to cash in large notes at Indian... Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (2:03) Asia casts a wary eye over Trump's America Thu, Nov 10, 2016 - (2:07) Prisons overflow as Duterte's drugs war... Wed, Nov 09, 2016 - (1:57) India's capital city chokes on smog Tue, Nov 08, 2016 - (1:54) U.S. elections and the trouble with North... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (2:00) China moves to bar Hong Kong lawmakers from... Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (1:54) How will the next U.S. president handle China? Mon, Nov 07, 2016 - (2:11) S. Korea's Park apologizes for 'heartbreaking'... Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (2:07) Emerging market risk runs high on U.S.... Fri, Nov 04, 2016 - (1:57) Duterte slams U.S. for suspending arms sale Thu, Nov 03, 2016 - (2:06) China lets Filipinos fish around disputed... Thu, Nov 03, 2016 - (1:53) Diplomats investigate abuse reports in Myanmar Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:05) Volvo rolls out factory expansion in China Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:17) New MH370 report says no one was at controls Wed, Nov 02, 2016 - (2:09) China unveils flashy new stealth fighter Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:58) Shakeup at Tata Group shocks India Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:56) Global investors jolted out of pre- U.S.... Mon, Oct 31, 2016 - (1:55) Chinese President Xi Jinping gets a promotion Fri, Oct 28, 2016 - (1:47) Trump's campaign shocks women in Asia Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:54) Note 7 recall shock sinks Samsung profits Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:49) Activists: Free the 'world's saddest polar... Thu, Oct 27, 2016 - (1:54) After massive hack, Chinese firm issues recall Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:54) Chaos reigns in Hong Kong's legislature Wed, Oct 26, 2016 - (1:42) EXCLUSIVE: What's next in Duterte's drug war Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:55) Chinese investor buys 25 % of Hilton Hotels Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:51) India's 'Dalit Queen' rises to challenge Modi Tue, Oct 25, 2016 - (1:57) U.S. diplomat looks for answers in the... Mon, Oct 24, 2016 - (1:25) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Another Election Year View On Healthcare ETFs Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 08, 2016 11:12am   Comments Share: Related IYH Healthcare ETFs: Maybe Too Much Time In The Penalty Box Government Study: Cellphone Radiation Linked To Cancer What Investors Should Expect Under President Trump (Seeking Alpha) Just two months away from Election Day, it is accurate and fair to say this presidential election year — as have previous ones — has been unkind to the healthcare sector. Election Year Blues The third-largest sector weight in the S&P 500 is lagging the benchmark U.S. equity index by a wide margin. For example, the (NYSE: IYH) is up just 1.6 percent year-to-date, less than 20 percent of the 8.5 percent returned this year by the S&P 500. Over the past 90 days, traditional cap-weighted healthcare ETFs such as IYH have steadied a bit, returning around 1 percent. However, that still lags the S&P 500 by a considerable margin and underscores a point recently that healthcare stocks are inversely correlated to Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's poll numbers. Related Link: Infrastructure Intelligence With This ETF Put simply, if polls emerge showing Clinton extending her lead over Republican rival Donald Trump, it is likely healthcare stocks and ETFs will fall on that news. This creates a good news/bad news situation for investors mulling new stakes in the likes of IYH. Viral Volatility? “Although volatility is likely to persist across the broad market, specific sectors may be particularly vulnerable, or conversely, offer some opportunity. Among those to be cautious on is health care,” said BlackRock in a recent note. “The sector has historically underperformed in election years (source: Bloomberg), due in large part to concerns over pricing pressure on the biotech and pharmaceuticals subsectors. The latest headlines over EpiPen pricing have renewed this focus and brought with it increased volatility.” As has been widely documented, election year political yammering has negatively affected the biotechnology stocks. In turn, that has plagued ETFs such as IYH because — although these are diversified healthcare ETFs — they feature significant biotech weights. For its part, IYH allocates over 23 percent of its weight to biotech stocks. Paragon Consider this: Four of the Dow stocks that are up at least 10 percent this year are Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE: UNH). Those stocks combine for nearly 29 percent of IYH's lineup, but the ETF is not even up 2 percent this year because of biotech's politically-induced drag on the broader healthcare sector. “Over the short term, we don’t believe that the election and a new president will have a big impact on health care stocks’ fundamentals. Given the two candidates’ opposing views on health care, however, there could well be longer-term implications on policy changes. But remember that implementing any real, significant changes to the health care system will need to pass through Congress and will likely take years, not months,” added BlackRock. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Disclosure: Todd Shriber owns shares of JNJ. Posted-In: Biotech Long Ideas Sector ETFs Health Care Politics Top Stories Trading Ideas ETFs Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (IYH + JNJ) 9 Of The Most Successful Veterans Turned CEOs Are The Drugs Working? Pfizer Updates Financials And Disease Therapy Performances Can You Guess This Chart? Goldman Says These 25 Healthcare Stocks Are Immune To The Election Healthcare ETFs: Maybe Too Much Time In The Penalty Box Fed Speakers And Beige Book, Bank Earnings, Rising Crude Take Center Stage View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on IYH Trending Recent 1 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 2 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Massive 800% 4-Day Rally 3 NUGT, JNUG: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 GLBS, EGLE: Iceberg Ahead? The Massive Rally In Shipping M... 5 RPRX, KNDI: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's P... 6 FLXN, DRYS: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednes... 7 TSLA, NVDA: Vetr Crowd Downg... 1 ADI, AAPL: Analog Devices Is One Of Morgan Stanley's Top Overweight Picks 2 Soybean Futures Move Down 3 EGLE, DRYS: The Technical Take: Eagle Bulk Shipping Rally Stalls Ahead Of... 4 LPL, AAPL: LG Display Shares Make Parabolic Move Following Rumo... 5 DNKN, PBI: 10 Notable Stocks Trading Ex-Dividend Thurs... 6 KSU: Kansas City Southern Isn't Worried... 7 VRA, COH: Fossil Is Approaching A Key Sale... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products What Are Investors Looking for In The Markets? Maybe Some Clarity On What's Ahead Gol Linhas Still High Risk
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Canadian News   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share CGNT Abuzz, Retrophin's DUET Hits Right Notes, Watch Out For RPRX 9/8/2016 1:39 AM ET Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ARWR) has dosed the first patient in the multiple ascending dose portion of its ongoing phase 1/2 study of ARC-521 for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B virus infection. The readouts from the study, including single dose safety data in healthy volunteers and single and multiple dose safety and antiviral activity data in HBV patients, will potentially start during the first quarter of 2017, the company said. ARWR closed Wednesday's trading at $7.34, up 2.51%. Shares of Cogentix Medical Inc. (CGNT) got a lift Wednesday, following a securities purchase agreement which the company entered into with Accelmed Growth Partners L.P. As per the agreement terms, Accelmed would purchase $25 million of Cogentix Medical common stock from the company at $1.55 per share, a 29% premium over the closing price of the stock on September 6, 2016 and a premium of 36% over the average closing price over the last 30 days. Cogentix noted that it will convert into common shares all the outstanding debt and accrued interest totaling $29.5 million owed to Lewis Pell, one of its Class I directors. CGNT closed Wednesday's trading 50.83% higher at $1.81. CytRx Corp. (CYTR) has reached its enrollment target of 132 patients for its global phase 2b clinical trial of Aldoxorubicin in patients with previously treated small cell lung cancer. The primary endpoint of the study is progression-free survival, and secondary endpoints include overall survival, response rates and safety. If all goes well as planned, the company intends to meet with the FDA to discuss the regulatory pathway for the submission of a New Drug Application for Aldoxorubicin based on the phase II results. CYTR closed Wednesday's trading at $0.58, down 0.09%. La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co. (LJPC) is all set to initiate a pivotal study of LJPC-401 in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload in mid-2017, now that it has reached an agreement with the European Medicines Agency on the design of the study. LJPC-401 is La Jolla's novel formulation of synthetic hepcidin. In related news, the company reported positive results from its phase 1 study of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload. According to the study results, a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron was observed in the study. LJPC-401 was also well tolerated, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities. LJPC closed Wednesday's trading at $16.02, down 2.38%. Merck's (MRK) supplemental Biologics License Application for KEYTRUDA for the first-line treatment of patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer whose tumors express PD-L1 has been assigned priority review, with a decision date set for Dec. 24, 2016. KEYTRUDA is already approved for the treatment of metastatic melanoma and metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, and for treating patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. The drug generated global sales of $566 million in 2015 - the first full year on market, and $563 million in the six months ended June 30, 2016. MRK closed Wednesday's trading at $62.87, down 0.59%. The phase II results of Repros Therapeutics Inc.'s (RPRX) oral Proellex for the treatment of premenopausal women with confirmed symptomatic endometriosis, announced Wednesday, are encouraging. According to the company, subjects with moderate to severe endometriosis experienced relief of menstrual pain and a reduction in the use of pain medication with the use of Proellex. More specifically, subjects treated with Proellex had a statistically significant greater reduction in menstrual pain compared to the 37.5% change from baseline achieved with placebo. Additionally, the total pain medication use decreased 56% and non-prescription pain medication use decreased 74% in subjects treated with Proellex. RPRX closed Wednesday's trading at $1.90, down 2.56%. Shares of Retrophin Inc. (RTRX) rose as much as 44% on Wednesday, following positive top-line results from its phase II study of Sparsentan for the treatment of focal segmental glomerulosclerosis. Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, or FSGS, is a rare kidney disease that scars the kidneys, causing them to lose functionality. FSGS is a common cause of proteinuria, a condition which refers to abnormal amount of protein in the urine. In the phase II study, dubbed DUET, the mean reduction of proteinuria from baseline after eight weeks of treatment for all patients treated with 200, 400, and 800 mg/day of Sparsentan was 44.8 percent, compared to a mean reduction of proteinuria for all patients receiving 300 mg/day of Irbesartan of 18.5 percent. Irbesartan is part of a class of drugs used to manage focal segmental glomerulosclerosis in the absence of an approved pharmacologic treatment. However, the comparison of individual Sparsentan dose cohorts to Irbesartan did not reach statistical significance. But, there were clear signals of relative improvement, said the company. RTRX closed Wednesday's trading at $20.81, up 27.51%. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Canadian News All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Here's Why ISB Food Group Is Recalling These Ice Cream Brands ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise 7 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Erickson Says Bankruptcy Court Approves Interim DIP Financing Sumitomo Electric Starts Operation Of CPV Power Generation Plant In Morocco Allianz Group Q3 Profit Climbs; Confirms 2016 Operating Profit Outlook NTT H1 Profit Up, Sales Down; Lifts FY Profit View, Cuts Sales Forecast Bechtle Q3 Profit Rises; Outlook For Year Adjusted Upwards Innogy 9-month Profit Declines; Confirms Forecast - Quick Facts SIG 4-Month Revenues Rise, LFL Revenues Down; CEO Stuart Mitchell Steps Down Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
SIGN IN REGISTER Wednesday, November 16 2016 | Home Canopy brushes off up to 25% tax on legal marijuana Companies 4 hours ago Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Most Read 1. Another high-profile Eskom resignation follows ... Companies / Energy 2. SAA bleeding as competition hots up, its acting ... Companies / Transport & Tourism 3. Coronation explains exit of R79bn Companies / Financial Services Black First Land First lay charges against Rupert Business 1 hour ago Most Read 1. Family-owned SA firms see a bright future despite ... Business 2. WATCH: Learning from failure with Ran Neu-Ner Business 3. Treasury scraps R20m cap on employer’s employment ... Business Good news from retail sector, as sales come in better than expected Economy 8 hours ago Most Read 1. Reserve Bank unlikely to increase rates, ... Economy 2. Increase in VAT off the table, says Dennis Davis Economy 3. Good news from retail sector, as sales come in ... Economy Bob Dylan declines to attend Nobel award ceremony Life 1 hour ago Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Most Read 1. De Kooning abstract fetches record $66.3m at ... Life / Arts & Entertainment 2. Art experts clash over book reproducing supposed ... Life / Arts & Entertainment 3. Single dominant tongue keeps inequality in place Life / Books JSE all share gets a lift from retail sales growth and Naspers recovery Markets 2 hours ago Most Read 1. Rand weakens more than 20c as Turkish and Chinese ... Markets 2. Indian traders buy gold to pre-empt feared curbs ... Markets 3. JSE likely to follow Asian stocks higher Markets Fishermen‚ processors‚ and divers protest over fishing rights in Port Elizabeth National 2 hours ago National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Most Read 1. Mpumalanga Premier David Mabuza distances himself ... National 2. SABC need not advertise Hlaudi Motsoeneng’s job, ... National / Media 3. Court suspends taxman’s contract with collection ... National JOEL NETSHITENZHE: How black professionals could reshape SA’s economic tone and social timbre Opinion 15 hours ago Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Most Read 1. Self-preservation rules as Nzimande jumps on ... Opinion / Columnists 2. Is the DA helping to re-elect the ANC? Opinion / Columnists 3. JOEL NETSHITENZHE: How black professionals could ... Opinion Failure to elect officials draws ire in hung municipality Politics 3 hours ago Most Read 1. Malema and the black swan moment Politics 2. Final showdown between Thuli Madonsela and Hlaudi ... Politics 3. Government and business - Where did it all go ... Politics Even with all due respect, the All Blacks could have Irish eyes smiling again Sport / Rugby 3 hours ago Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Most Read 1. Eight wickets, 32 runs, 116 deliveries Sport / Cricket 2. Faf du Plessis may soon lose job he has excelled ... Sport / Cricket 3. Australia’s selectors chairman falls on his sword Sport / Cricket Kenya delays closure of Somali refugee camp World / Africa 3 hours ago World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Most Read 1. Barack Obama appeals for ‘course correction’ World / Americas 2. Russia’s Putin pulls back on ratifying ... World / Europe 3. Emmanuel Macron joins French presidential ... World / Europe Sign In Register Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Business Economy Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Markets National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Politics Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East BL Premium SIGN IN REGISTER Court suspends taxman’s contract with collection agency 4 hours ago SARS went to court after it came to light that Lekgotla Trifecta Collections had failed to declare a potential conflict of interest Mpumalanga Premier David Mabuza distances himself from Gupta family He denied having any business dealings with the Guptas after a claim that he forced the provincial government into a Gupta-linked newspaper advertising deal National 3 hours ago SABC need not advertise Hlaudi Motsoeneng’s job, says minister Muthambi The SABC did not have to advertise controversial Hlaudi Motsoeneng’s new or old senior posts, according to Communications Minister Faith Muthambi National / Media 3 hours ago Rand weakens more than 20c as Turkish and Chinese currencies fall to new lows The rand slid lower towards the end of the trading day as the Turkish lira and Chinese yuan led a weakening of emerging market currencies Markets 5 hours ago Irregular spending balloons by 80% as departments and state entities ignore guidelines Auditor-general Kimi Makwetu warns that although this does not necessarily mean money lost, it does open the door to malfeasance National 8 hours ago SAA bleeding as competition hots up, its acting finance chief tells MPs Passenger numbers were behind budget, and interest costs rose much faster than fares Companies / Transport & Tourism 10 hours ago Migration lobbyists warn on pitfalls of proposed new law on refugees Rights groups have warned the government about the dangers of a proposed law intended to impose stiffer requirements for refugee status National 4 hours ago UCT-led team of scientists discovers new concentration of galaxies Astronomers find a supercluster of galaxies 800-million light-years away from earth, and until now hidden from sight by the Milky Way National / Science & Environment 4 hours ago Russia’s Putin pulls back on ratifying International Criminal Court treaty Russia, which is not subject to International Criminal Court jurisdiction, has withdrawn its signature from the court’s founding treaty World / Europe 4 hours ago Good news from retail sector, as sales come in better than expected Growth in the sector remains subdued, but has picked up from August, mostly due to rising sales at specialist food, beverage and tobacco stores Economy 8 hours ago Life Healthcare to acquire UK-based Alliance Medical It will pay an initial cash amount of £553m and up to £40m later, depending on financial performance, to acquire the diagnostic imaging specialist Companies / Healthcare 7 hours ago Expansion into Switzerland lifts Spar Group says the performance of Build It continues to defy pressure on consumer spending, with retail sales and same-store growth both increasing Companies / Retail & Consumer 13 hours ago ICC officials appeal to African defectors to stay SA, Gambia and Burundi are withdrawing from the Rome Statute, and amid accusations of bias against Africa, they could be followed by Kenya, Namibia and Uganda World / Africa 5 hours ago Sanral sent packing for ‘unprepared’ parliamentary presentation The Standing Committee on Public Accounts found Sanral’s presentation ‘vague’ and said its board chair and management could not answer members’ questions Companies / Transport & Tourism 6 hours ago Gauteng still offers professionals the best salaries, study finds The Career Junction review found that in some professions, the higher salaries in Gauteng could be attributed to its higher demand for skills National 8 hours ago Another high-profile Eskom resignation follows State of Capture report Mark Pamensky was the Eskom director most directly linked to the Gupta family, and was among those subpoenaed by former public protector Thuli Madonsela Companies / Energy 14 hours ago Parliamentary committee worried by David Mahlobo’s spa visits The portfolio committee on environmental affairs is reacting to the Al Jazeera documentary showing the minister with a self-confessed rhino horn trader National 12 hours ago Tshwane jobs a family affair, says Solly Msimanga It will take time to dismantle the empires built by the previous ANC leadership, says mayor National 15 hours ago JOEL NETSHITENZHE: How black professionals could reshape SA’s economic tone and social timbre Instead of mimicking white elite lifestyles, the ambition should be to launch a new path that frees everyone, writes Joel Netshitenzhe Opinion 15 hours ago Faith Muthambi’s department satisfied with its performance This is despite the cloud hanging over the SABC, and the long delays in the digital migration of TV broadcasting in SA — and the DA is still calling for her ... National 8 hours ago Load more BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. Tshwane jobs a family affair, says Solly Msimanga National 2. Another high-profile Eskom resignation follows ... Companies / Energy 3. OR Tambo to investigate R4bn in unauthorised, ... National 4. Embattled Abrahams at odds with Hawks head National 5. Self-preservation rules as Nzimande jumps on ... Opinion / Columnists Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. View all > Opinion views & analysis JOEL NETSHITENZHE: How black professionals could reshape SA’s economic tone and social timbre Instead of mimicking white elite lifestyles, the ambition should be to launch a new path that frees everyone, writes Joel Netshitenzhe Read More EDITOR’S LUNCHBOX: Ex-mayor’s sister figures in nepotism investigation In Tshwane mayor Solly Msimanga’s nepotism probe a sister of his predecessor has been named. Gupta-linked Eskom director Mark Pamensky calls it a day Read More Xolisa Phillip News editor Self-preservation rules as Nzimande jumps on state capture wagon The SACP is positioning for the shift when the ANC elects new leaders, writes Xolisa Phillip Read More View all > Markets & Economy data, indicators & analysis 1. JSE all share gets a lift from retail sales growth and Naspers recovery Markets 2 hours ago 2. Oil edge up in volatile trade on US crude build Markets 2 hours ago 3. Gold slips as dollar climbs to 14-year high Markets 3 hours ago 4. Futures close higher as JSE breaks three-day losing streak Markets 3 hours ago 5. Rand weakens more than 20c as Turkish and Chinese currencies fall to new lows Markets 5 hours ago View all > Video watch the news unfold President Barack Obama Athens, Greece speech November 16, 2016 Read Full Article President Barack Obama Athens, Greece speech November 16, 2016 Coronation reports lower full-year profit Telkom sees increased demand for fibre ‘Black people continue to be treated like animals’ – EFF’s Ndlozi on ... Business Tools make your life easier Share Search GO Type in a share code or part of a company’s name in the Company Lookup box, then select the company name from the list of results and click Go to view its tearsheet with share data,news and more. Get the latest unit trust data Calendar JSE Sens Capital & Regional PLC - Disposal of The Mall, Camberley Index Change Advice – 20161121 Fairvest Property Hldgs Shares In Issue and Free Float Update City Lodge Hotels Ltd - Results of AGM Middle East Diamond Resources Ltd - Results of annual general meeting View all > BL Premium exclusively for our subscribers US not the gold standard of democracy Steven Friedman We sell ourselves short when we judge our democracy by whether it fits a prettied-up version of older democracies, writes Steven Friedman Read More THE INSIDER: Get down, but no dirty dancing The Insider Without straining yourself, get down and compose a creative toilet selfie, but try to keep it clean Read More Tobacco firm puffs over plain packaging Hilary Joffe British American Tobacco SA worries plain packaging rule will boost illicit trade in tobacco Read More In Good Faith: Huge hidden agenda Carmel Rickard Two lawyers’ organisations were the victims when the agent who arranged the sale of property for their offices made a lucrative plan for himself, writes Carmel Rickard Read More Top Stories editor’s news selection 1. US not the gold standard of democracy Opinion / Columnists 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM Steven Friedman Columnist 2. Tobacco firm puffs over plain packaging Companies 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM 3. Irregular spending balloons by 80% as departments and state entities ignore guidelines National 8 hours ago 4. Embattled Abrahams at odds with Hawks head National 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM 5. JOEL NETSHITENZHE: How black professionals could reshape SA’s economic tone and social timbre Opinion 15 hours ago 6. Trumponomics still a disturbing mystery Opinion / Columnists 15 hours ago BL PREMIUM Hilary Joffe Editor-at-large 7. Brexit and Trump win show media can no longer sway votes Opinion 1 day ago 8. NEIL MANTHORP: Team from which little was expected may turn out to be the Proteas side to beat them all Opinion / Columnists 1 day ago BL PREMIUM Comments / top and trending articles by comments Top Trending View all > Sport results, opinions and personalities Sport / Rugby 3 hours ago Even with all due respect, the All Blacks could have Irish eyes smiling again Thando Ndzandzeka and Chris Harrison make it onto Fifa referee list Sport / Soccer 9 hours ago Eight wickets, 32 runs, 116 deliveries Sport / Cricket 15 hours ago Faf du Plessis may soon lose job he has excelled at Sport / Cricket 13 hours ago View all > Lifestyle art, culture, music and more Life 1 hour ago Bob Dylan declines to attend Nobel award ceremony De Kooning abstract fetches record $66.3m at auction in New York Life / Arts & Entertainment 5 hours ago Art experts clash over book reproducing supposed Vincent van Gogh sketches Life / Arts & Entertainment 9 hours ago Single dominant tongue keeps inequality in place Life / Books 15 hours ago Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI
null



About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Worldwide Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Solid Tumors Drugs Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 08, 2016 ) The rising prevalence of various cancers, which has led to innovations and technological advancements, drives the development of new immunotherapy drugs that are more effective than the available drugs to treat solid tumors. Solid tumors are an abnormal mass of tissue that do not contain cysts or liquid areas. These may be malignant (cancerous) or benign (not cancerous). They affect bones, organs, and muscles. Based on the type of the cells, solid tumors can be carcinomas, sarcomas, and lymphomas. Publisher's analysts forecast the global solid tumors drugs market to grow at a CAGR of 8.6% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-solid-tumors-drugs-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global solid tumors drugs market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of branded drugs, generics, and biosimilars used to treat solid tumors. It also considers the revenues to be generated from the sales of drugs that are anticipated to be launched into the market along with the decline in revenues from the patent expiries of the branded drugs during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Solid Tumors Drugs Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - F. Hoffmann-La Roche - Novartis - Celgene - Johnson & Johnson - Pfizer - BMS Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/sample Other prominent vendors - AbbVie - AbGenomics - ADC Therapeutics - Advantagene - Agensys - Almac Group - Ambrx - Argos Therapeutics - Array BioPharma - Astellas Pharma - AstraZeneca - Bayer - Biogen - Biotech Pharmaceutical - Boehringer Ingelheim - Boston Biomedical - Celldex Therapeutics - Chugai Pharmaceutical - Cold Genesys - CTI BioPharma - Daiichi Sankyo - DNAtrix - Ds-Pharma - Eleison Pharmaceuticals - Eli Lilly - Endo Pharmaceuticals - Formation Biologics - Fortress Biotech - Genmab - GSK - Immatics Biotechnologies - Immunogen - Immunomedics - Intas Pharmaceuticals - Kairos Therapeutics - Kyowa Hakko Kirin - MedImmune - Merck - Mersana Therapeutics - Morphotek - Neovii Biotech - NewLink Genetics - Northwest Biotherapeutics - Novartis - OncoMed Pharmaceuticals - Oxford Biotherapeutics - Peregrine Pharmaceuticals - Polaris Pharmaceuticals - Sanofi - Seattle Genetics - Spectrum Pharmaceuticals - Stemcentrx - Synthon Biopharmaceuticals - TG Therapeutics - XBiotech Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303202/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Health Care & Hospitals | Medical Pharmaceuticals | Surveys, Polls and Research Pipeline Report: Erectile Dysfunction Market Review H2 2016 PUNE, India, September 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- RnRMarketResearch.com adds "Erectile Dysfunction - Pipeline Review, H2 2016" market research report with comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Erectile Dysfunction, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Erectile Dysfunction and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. Complete report on H2 2016 pipeline review of Erectile Dysfunction with 39 market data tables and 16 figures, spread across 108 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/erectile-dysfunction-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html . Erectile Dysfunction pipeline therapeutics constitutes close to 31 molecules. Out of which approximately 29 molecules are developed by Companies and remaining by the Universities/Institutes. It also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Erectile Dysfunction and features dormant and discontinued projects. Currently, The molecules developed by Companies in Pre-Registration, Filing rejected/Withdrawn, Phase III, Phase II, Phase I, IND/CTA Filed, Preclinical, Discovery and Unknown stages are 2, 1, 4, 4, 2, 2, 9, 2 and 3 respectively. Similarly, the Universities portfolio in Phase I and Preclinical stages comprises 1 and 1 molecules, respectively. Companies discussed in this Erectile Dysfunction Pipeline Review, H2 2016 report include Apricus Biosciences, Inc., Aytu BioScience, Inc., Biopharm GmbH, Futura Medical Plc, Hanmi Pharmaceuticals, Co. Ltd., Humanetics Corporation, IntelGenx Corp., Ion Channel Innovations, LLC, Mezzion Pharma Co. Ltd., Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, Monosol Rx, LLC, NAL Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Palatin Technologies, Inc., Pharmicell Co., Ltd., Sihuan Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd., Suda Ltd and Yungjin Pharm. Co., Ltd. Drug Profiles mentioned in this research report are (PDE-5 Inhibitor + tramadol hydrochloride), alprostadil, AP-102, avanafil, BIO-300, BL-214, Cellgram-ED, fadanafil, HCP-1302, HCP-1303, MED-2002, MED-2005, Peptide to Activate G Protein-Coupled Receptor Mas for Cardiovascular, Metabolic Disorders and Erectile Dysfunction, pVAX-hSlo, Recombinant Protein for Bone Fracture Degenerative Disc Disease, Erectile Dysfunction and Parkinson's Disease, sildenafil citrate, Small Molecule to Inhibit PDE5 for Erectile Dysfunction, SUD-003, Synthetic Peptide to Agonize Melanocortin 4 Receptor for Female Sexual Dysfunction and Erectile Dysfunction, T-6932, tadalafil, TF-0092, TPN-729, TR-399, udenafil, VLFIA-330 and YBH-1603. Order a copy of this report @ http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=682912 . The report also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Erectile Dysfunction and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Scope of this report: The report provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Erectile Dysfunction and reviews pipeline therapeutics for Erectile Dysfunction by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources and key players involved Erectile Dysfunction therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects. The research covers pipeline products based on various stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages. The report features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which includes, product description, descriptive MoA, R&D brief, licensing and collaboration details & other developmental activities and assesses Erectile Dysfunction therapeutics based on drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The report summarizes all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects with latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Erectile Dysfunction. Another newly published market research report titled on Male Hypogonadism - Pipeline Review, H2 2016 provides comprehensive information on the therapeutic development for Male Hypogonadism, complete with comparative analysis at various stages, therapeutics assessment by drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type, along with latest updates, and featured news and press releases. It also reviews key players involved in the therapeutic development for Male Hypogonadism and special features on late-stage and discontinued projects. The report enhances decision making capabilities and help to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. It strengthens R&D pipelines by identifying new targets and MOAs to produce first-in-class and best-in-class products. Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development are Antares Pharma, Inc., Clarus Therapeutics, Inc., Endo Pharmaceuticals Inc., EndoCeutics, Inc., Ferring International Center S.A., Forendo Pharma Limited, Lipocine Inc., M et P Pharma AG, Merck & Co., Inc., Mereo Biopharma Group Plc, Millennium Pharmaceuticals Inc, Pantarhei Bioscience BV, Repros Therapeutics Inc. and Variant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Male Hypogonadism Pipeline market research report of 106 pages is available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/male-hypogonadism-pipeline-review-h2-2016-market-report.html . Explore more reports on Men's Health therapeutics. About Us:  RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Contact: Ritesh Tiwari UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ Magarpatta city, Hadapsar Pune - 411013 Maharashtra, India. Tel:  +1-888-391-5441 sales@rnrmarketresearch.com Connect with Us:  G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/104156468549256253075/posts Twitter: https://twitter.com/RnRMR Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/RnR-Market-Research/413488545356345 RSS / Feeds: http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/feed SOURCE RnR Market Research More by this Source Tailpipe Market Trends, Demand and 2021 Future Insights Analysis 15 Nov, 2016, 10:00 GMT Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market to Rise at 13.2% CAGR to 2022 14 Nov, 2016, 10:00 GMT mHealth Market to Represent $370 Billion in Annual Healthcare Cost Savings Worldwide by 2017 11 Nov, 2016, 16:45 GMT View all news by RnR Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Health Care & Hospitals News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
