 wjwheeler54  petenajarian  RobbyConklin  DebbieE_F  DeadAir1035  armstrong8785  gunner5113  MarioGabelli… 
 Apple earnings beat expectations (reports Q3 esp  1.67 vs  1.57 est
Rev  45.4B vs  44.89B est)
Stock soars 6.6%✍🏼😏📈

 Apple works for me, they have  261Billion in cash,allows them to keep experimenting with products & price 
 Apple service revenue was  27.804 billion over the past 4qtr's, making it 97th on the Fortune 500 list ahead of  FB 's  27.64 billion.
 Apple reported a stellar June Quarter, up 6% AH. Apple Watch sales were up >50%. Apple said it's No. 1 in worldwide… 
Lord...  Apple 
 Apple made me some     
Apple CEO was secretive about some things and effusive about others.  Apple
 Apple ah, no selling just fine, they are waiting on iPhone 8,  Bidu deal will  help grow sales as well 
 Apple (after hours) is up over 6%. Wow!
 Apple currently around upper channel trendline in AH. Where price closes tomorrow, in relation to this level, will… 
 chrislhayes Most cash overseas & w/ current high tax rates to bring back better  Apple keep cash overseas & issue b… 
Now that everybody assumes market will be up huge tomorow on  Apple -I won't be surprised if it's a red day
 SPY  DIA  QQQ  UVXY  VXX  VIX lets face it even if  Apple tanked 10% we'd still b up 2morrow, this iz DAPONZZZZZZZZZZZ
 Apple sales forecast suggests a big September  iPhone launch, as usual  Apple  revenue  growth
 Apple so the king has returned to its thrown nice to have you back good for tech 👍
30 Day FREE Trial of this Platinum  Trading Method on 10 Markets >  Forex  Indexes  Gold  Apple  Oil & More >>>… 
 Apple market cap at  159 is about  834 bil. 1st trillion   company? (8)
It’s good for  Apple that we are now in Q4 of the year and that means the quarter of the holiday season. Can’t wait!  Apple  Christmas
 AMZN  FB  NVDA  TSLA became thu same company az  Apple AH
Common Stocks and Common Sense by Edgar Wachenheim III:  Apple  GS  PEP  ADM  INGR
 Apple Surges To New Record High On Strong iPhone 8 Guidance,  Earnings Beat Despite  iPhone Sales Miss  Apple 
Managing the trade also means managing yourself. Get your emotions under control with these simple steps  Apple  FB 

 Apple posted this detailed plan july 08 just one of my wining  Apple  Boeing plans this month,stay tuned for an update  
 Apple  Nasdaq  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Levels for Week 31 JUL… 
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    SQ  NFLX  AMZN  AMD  TSLA  Apple  GS
 World  Money Perspective:  crypto  forex  bitcoin  gold  USD  blockchain  defstar5  makeyourownlane  Mpgvip… 
 HulkCapital  aapl luv. How much has Buffet made ?
 Apple a lesson for the day traders. In 95 I bought 100k of  Apple today I make that amount in one single day.
What can I do with all these🍎🍎🍎🍏🍎🍎🍎🍎🍏🍎🍎🍎🍎🍏🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🍏🍎🍎🍎🍎  Apple  Long  Lol
 Apple  patent 9,723,595: Hybrid ARQ schemes with soft combining in variable rat...  tech  IP 
. NaviAvatar1 on  Periscope: Dow up 72  Apple  NVDA  BoeingBoeing  TSLA  TWTR  FB  SPY  QQQ  AMZN 
 Apple posts no iPhone growth yet again. iPad up a whopping 2%. services & buybacks providing all the growth. Profit down 50% in 5yrs imo.
 NQ_F  QQQ up .8% while  Apple up 6... think about that.means apple alone almost controls 15% of the entire index intheory
Hoping sarcasm, here.  Apple total return wouldn't be ~70% in the last year if these "79 analysts" were so efficient. 
Dow up 72  Apple  NVDA  BoeingBoeing  TSLA  TWTR  FB  SPY  QQQ  AMZN 
 Apple
150.05 +1.32 (0.89%)
After Hours: 159.30 +9.25 (6.16%)
Aug 1, 7:39PM EDT  
NASDAQ real-time data - Disclaimer
Currency in USD
Apple / W1 : Finally a short signal \u2026  Apple TV_TradingIdeas
Super excited Apple  iPhone8 fans always need to wait decades (wireless charging🤣) to get the same 60% more expensi… 
 Apple / W1 : Finally a short signal with low risk and with -25% target...
 Apple  AppleEarnings 

FULL ANALYSIS :… 
Wait,  aapl is up 10? Lol
 Apple sold more than 41M iPhones in Q2. Tim Cook so far doing exceptional.  Apple  earnings
 DRYS trash stock but still great one to make profit on while it's hot and squeezing!✅

 LL  SIMO  RDFN  MBRX  MO… 
 _ms_izzy made  a fortune today on  aapl do not loose hope izzy u have  baba, yes 163+ is happening, hold in tight!
Dow up 72 points.  Apple beats estimates and  NVDA  BoeingBoeing Rally - Chart and Video 
 Apple Breakout, it's time for takeout!  SPY 
 Apple
New ATH after hours
Most fintwit calling for a gap and go day tomorrow. Sure  aapl will help  qqq  spy gap but it's a certainty to rage all day? 🤔
Apple / W1 : Finally a short signal \u2026  Apple 
 Apple openly complaint about high memory pricing.  MU  WDC
 Apple’s Solid Results Hint At Big  iPhone Release This Fall - Fast Company.  Apple 
When your long  XLK and short puts and see the  Apple earnings 
 HulkCapital  Apple Doing Well ✌🏻😍
Just when you think things can't get worse for  P, out comes  aapl and down further goes this s(t)inking ship. I predict bankruptcy by 2Q18.
Apple removes VPN apps from the App Store in China  apple  china  vpn  Apple
 MadMoneyOnCNBC  jimcramer swing and miss for me on  Apple  jimcramer
Apple Beats on Numbers, Driven by Seasonal or Structural?  Apple  UnitedStates  InformationTechnology  bottomup  equ… 
 CNBCFastMoney You must be out of your mind if you don't own these stocks:  FB,  TSLA and  Apple. Don't forget  JPM
Dow Flying High - Market Update by Vince Vora for August 1st, 2017  MMM  Google  FB  NFLX  AMZN  Apple  TSLA 
 Apple Going to move the markets tomorrow, so watch the open and go from there, Possible Gap and go day in the  QQQ
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  TWTR  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
 HulkCapital On the back of  Apple
Everyone remember this  aapl analyst and his bearish call? What an idiot. 
 TimLondonSET thanks for follow!  HappyAugust Vista Partners  InvestingForLife 
Apple reports earnings ahead of expected iPhone launch: Live blog  aapl grand slam!  
 Apple killer quarter means  165 this week ..  200 before end of year.. a  quick sellout for  1200  10th Anniv iPhone in Sept  ?
 JeffMacke Are you sure it's not the pelvic thrusting that's got  Apple up?
 w_biltmore85 Based on earnings and outlook, many may buy  aapl at  160 when  180 very possibly by end of year.
i recall  aapl being "the short of a lifetime" by so many when it broke  90. pfffthahaaaaa
Apple crushed it with  earnings, and that's before the release of the  iPhone8.  Apple
 Apple Who's going to be the first to pay  160 for 🍎
Nokia Receives €1.7 Billion Upfront Payment From Apple  QCOM  Apple  NOK 
1/2
 MadMoneyEspresso
 Apple CRUS SWKS AVGO STZ FDX Intel MMM ORCL SWK TXN TMUS V VZ—👍
 CBG—👍
 ULTA HD COST SWK SHLD … 
 FB likely to break out of this earnings pennant tomorrow with  Apple's beat.... 
Apple's Q3 FY17 financial results - Six Colors  aapl  
 Apple jumps 6% to record high after earnings beat estimates  Apple  iPhones  stores  apps  guidance
While waiting for that awesome Apple Car  Apple Zucki Waste of Time  FB  VR & More  Tech Garbage, Get  LN… 
Gene Munster has nailed  Apple for years.  He thinks  TSLA is a better opportunity.
‘Dramatic Reversal Ahead’  SPX  Apple 
 Dow22000 tomorrow.
 Stocks
 Apple
 
 Apple shares sail to record high on healthy iPhone sales 


Fabulous!   Staying Long Apple !!   Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%  Apple
Analyst: Are you building 3 US factories ? 

Tim Cook: [500 lovely words] we make so many jobs in America


 Apple
 Apple is like a small country.... 
Apple Poised to Carry Dow Past 22000 Wednesday  Apple via  WSJ
 Apple stopped at about + 9/share
Surprising Growth for Apple, Even Before New iPhone  Apple via  WSJ
 AMZN  Apple  CRUS  SWKS  AVGO:

Time to Raise Some Cash: Cramer’s ‘Mad Money’ Recap (Tuesday 8 …:


Interested in investing? Join  RobinhoodApp and we'll both get a share of stock like  Apple,  F, or  S for free. 
 MadMoneyOnCNBC  jimcramer  Apple where will Apple be in 10 years or even Longer Buy it hold it, Robots Drones, Cars… 
Aaaaaaand  Apple killed it. Shocker. Up 6% in after hours. New all time high.  apple  value
shorts cover chips ah off   Apple sweet
 aapl have enough cash to buy BMW, Mercedes, Ferrari, Porche, and Tesla and still have  80 billion cash left over 

 Apple
We calculated 63-day Expected Return of  Apple for you: 1.82% 
 Apple  patent 9,723,481: Access data provisioning apparatus and methods  tech  IP 
First thing in the morning people are going to cashing in  Apple . You know it's going to fade.
Free video with setups for Aug 2 "More Of The Same"  C  BoeingC  Apple  V  TSLA 
Something tells us  JimCramer has  Apple on his mind tonight... 
Benzinga: The Rise And Fall Of Apple's iPod  Apple
Apple: End The Buyback  Apple
 Apple Last Friday at the CBOE with Angie Miles I said BUY THE DOUBT ahead of 🍎 earnings!  170 PT in 6 months
Apple has figured out how to make reams of cash beyond the iPhone

 Apple
 Apple Forecast and technical view 
 Apple supplier  OLED reports Thurs ... after hearing tonite's ER are you gonna be bearish?   LOL ...

On watch...
what's coming from  Apple? well, seems like a hint today :-) 
 Apple should buy  VZ and dominate!!     jimcramer   MadMoneyOnCNBC    And at the same time screw  johnlegere 's crappy product.   Go Apple
Who they gonna call  BlackBerry  BBRY. Not Apple or Samsung.....  WSJTech  ReutersTech  Reuters  CyberSecurity… 
 Apple think Tim Cook silent the critics today.  160 level not clear yet.
 Apple Big beat today! Look for continuation run tomorrow! Nice article released this afternoon on ER. 
The Rise And Fall Of Apple's iPod  Apple
Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%  Apple
Follow  Aspentrading10's  Apple &  TSLA trades with both companies reporting this week: 
 SPY  SPX  Apple  QQQ if you guys think this is just going to keep on going up until infinity you're crazier than me. I'm out for now.
 aapl. Like a boss!!
That’ll do.  Aapl 
 d5wr59mfi8 yourself. if  Apple holds at  160, there should be good amount of premium at the  165 or  167.5 level.
Apple CC: comments on China slump, Trump factory quote, no iPhone news  Apple  iphone8 
 GOOG  Apple:

Why Apple and Google Dumped Over 300 Trading Apps From Their …:


 Apple  SNAP  I'll state (what should be) the obvious.  New all time lows are not buy signals and new all time highs are not an ideal short!
Even  Apple isnt buying companies at these inflated levels. That should tell you something. 
Apple has  261.5 billion in cash. It could buy all:

NFL teams 🏈
NBoeing teams 🏀
MLB teams ⚾️
NHL teams 🏒

and still have  75B cash left.  Apple
 Apple added 20M paid subscriptions in the past 90 days. Has  261.5B in cash. Meanwhile, NYT has 2.3M paid subs.… 
August starts strong with  Apple and tomatoes, too!!! 
 Apple is like  RACE
It's too expensive but everyone want to buy it
Don't get tired  Apple buyers you got more work.
Why Apple Is UP In After Hours Trading Apple Earnings Results  Apple
I prefer android phones over iPhones although I own  aapl 
Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%  Apple 
Will The Bulls Grow? After solid  Apple report, pundits may tout  stocks more. Investors Intelligence survey's bulls at 60.2%, still off peak
 Apple yeah, a new account today, we won't hear from you in a few days, typical short. Apple goes higher 
 Apple solid quarter again in an extremely crowded trade.
 Apple
Best tool I've used for day trading
 Url: 
 Apple is up 70% since Icahn dumped his stake.  NFLX 50%. he left maybe  4- 5bln on table in on his son's picks. his ideas all lost   .
 Apple  Apple  Apple  Apple 
 d5wr59mfi8 are you buying calls or selling a bull spread?  Apple
one time for  Apple man 🙏🏾 
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
Notes of interest from Apple's Q3 2017 conference call  AppleInsider  Apple 
 Apple:

Apple CEO Cook Defends Move to Censor Chinese Apps:


despite  Apple's pretty low forward growth (updated  's pending) its actually priced pretty low to its earnings & a good value here
 ReformedBroker  ChazzCapital How many are still paying 2/20 to own  aapl?
 AMZN separates AWS from the rest of Amazon. Why is  Apple lumping App Store cuts with their actual services?
Apple's FQ3 overall today, plus FQ4 guide. HT  supcat for the photo  Apple 
So  Apple has  261.5 BILLION in cash. Buh, Buh, Buh Billion.
NOW OFFERING 7 Day FREE Trial to  options day trading team Room or  TWTR feed 
 RH  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
 Apple:

Activists attack Wisconsin’s Foxconn deal as harmful to wetlands:


Wish Apple separated "services" into actual services versus taking a 30% cut of everything from every App Store purchase.  Apple
 Apple killed earnings, up about  9 in post market now ;) yeah baby!  so now we're headed to the  DurhamBulls game tonight! life is good ;-))
Gene Munster, looo ventures are the closest to predict  Apple earnings 

Gene estimates  1.66
APPLE ACTUAL  1.67
 Apple  patent 9,723,465: System and method for reception of cell broadcast mess...  tech  IP 
 Apple:

Apple Jumps On June-Quarter Sales, Earnings Beat, Strong Guidance:


Reviewing RadiSys Corporation  RSYS & Apple  Apple 
 Options Bought 145 Call this morning on  Apple 
 Apple this range going nowhere so far. im off. good luck
All these hunters in  USA how  WALLST w/blessing  senatefloor  housefloor destroyin families?  Apple  LL  FEYE  vote


 smartertrader thoughts on  Apple open?  162 plus possible?
First  markgurman now this idiot. Complete BS & severe lack of understanding about  aapl.   business is slipping 
 Apple
By far the best tool I've used for finding stocks to trade💰

Url: 
My Butterfly on  Apple is looking great after market!
 Apple just gets it
Apple earnings put Dow  22000 milestone in sight tomorrow.  Apple 
Amazon makes the backend every startup uses. Microsoft makes Office 365. Google pretty much runs online advertising.

 Apple just takes 30%.
Huuuge earnings report for  Apple 👍🏻
Are there any  Apple bears left?
Head to Head Survey: Apple  Apple and RadiSys Corporation  RSYS 
 Apple Apple shares sail to record high on healthy iPhone sales 
Apple's iPad slump is over  Apple 
LOL, To all the  aapl haters.
 hillmf 16000 stocks to short and people short  Apple wow..
Leaked!  aapl  apple earnings. 
 tim_cook FYI 
 FrugalInvesting using derivatives as stock replacements on high ticket high flyers like Apple Corporation  Apple 
08/01/17 - View today's Market Forecast by  BVZ_Investools here: Discussed:  SCHW  Apple  NKE  SPY  IWM  Investools 🐂
 Apple holding  155 and  160 August 11th calls   market   nasdaq   aapl
 Apple Q3 17: EPS  1.67 Rev:  45.41B (Est EPS  1.57 Rev  44.89B)  Apple
Summer vacation is over! Sector rotation is over! Heck, they never began, thanks to  Apple! 😛
Quantitative Trading with R:  SPY  ES_F  DIA  SPX  Apple  UVXY  VIX
For  aapl Q3 2017, the transcription role of  settern is being played by  mikahsargent !


 USSupremeCourt We allowed  wallst 2murder so many seniors by havin'em work golden yrs. plenty of shame here.… 
FREE REPORT
How do  equity  investment  HedgeFunds see  stocks
 Google  AMZN  Apple  BRK  XOM
in the coming weeks?… 
 Apple:

Global Equity Gains Extend on Earnings Results: Markets Wrap:


 JesalTV and that was before 7% jump 😉 good call. 
ol timmy deserves a good day. WE LOVE U  TIMCOOK 💋  Apple
Off to eat some really overpriced ramen and listen to some self back patting PMs taking victory laps on owning  aapl.  cheers
I hope 5936.25 is the top so that I can tell stories of shorting the top tick on  NQ_F to my kids on  Apple earnings… 
After-Hours Report:  COHR -18%,  ULTI -12%,  BGFV -12%,  ILMN  10%,  EYES  7.4%,  Apple  6% on  earnings  guidance
Provisional congrats to  Apple longs.
Oh, we’re back to this again?  Apple
 Apple  Apple sold 41 million iPhones during the quarter, surpassing 1.2 billion total iPhones sold.
Herbalife Shares Are Down ~5% After Earnings  hlf  vrx  agn  myl  mrk  crm  gnc  jnj  twtr  aapl  iep  brk  ge  gm… 
 stockmarket  stocks  investing  finance  SPY  QQQ  XLE  DIA  IWM  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TWTR  BoeingBoeing  MSFT  Intel  AMD… 
 Apple high open interest range is 140.00 to 155.00 for option expiration 08/04/2017. 
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  IBB  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
No one gave  aapl any chance.it is close to its measured move I will sell my calls tmrw. Will reload later once it settles down
 QTRResearch Weird...everyone on the  Apple call sounds like they are getting blowjobs from Victoria secret models.
 Apple  Apple Revenue:  45.4 billion vs.  44.89 billion expected by a Thomson Reuters consensus estimate
 Apple Has Teamed Up With a Hearing Implant Company to Create High-Tech Implants  Apple
Within a point (give or take) of the most fukery for options holders of  aapl . Fast money backed  amc . Question everything.
Apple call: comments on China slump, Trump factory quote, no iPhone news  Apple
When you're executing a 500+ line SQL stored procedure for the first time since buying  Apple in summer 2014 I am seeing a loss.
 Apple:

Apple call: comments on China slump, Trump factory quote, no …:


Another nice call from  OptionsHawk open interest report on being long September call diagonal spreads in  Apple into i-phone 8 launch 👍
Important day for FANG’S tmrw.if the  aapl bounce cannot get them going I am not sure what would
 Chris_Liss U keep any  aapl? 🙂
Ali  BoeingBoeing Booms on  Apple earnings blowout. Eyes all time highs. 
This would be biggest gap up for Apple  Apple on earnings since...a year ago (7/26/16) when it gapped up 7.86%:  … 
Big increase in paid subs for Apple  Apple 
Apple market cap back above  800 billion.  Apple 
 CNBCnow The idiots who continue to buy  Apple have obviously never had to use pathetic  AppleSupport or had to suff… 
 WhatTheBit no no no, I mean you're literally getting paid to occasionally complain about  Apple. Beats workin'
Who wants ALL THE APPLE CHARTS?! 

Well, here they are! 

Apple’s Q3 2017 earnings, charted… 
Apple reports  45.4 billion in revenue, up 7 percent from last year  Apple  Revenue  Earnings  StockMarket
 Apple:

Surprising Growth for Apple, Even Before New iPhone:


 Apple results are  surreal... beating  EPS by 10c and Rev beat.... Q4 guide seem conservative for me esp. with  iphone8 coming..  Apple
 Apple Apple Sales Exceed Expectations as Buyers Wait for New iPhones 
 Apple Latest Press Releases 
Sorpresa positiva de  Apple (Apple): Q3 EPS of  1.67 beats by  0.10.Revenue of  45.4B (+7.2% Y/Y) beats by  510M. Shares +3.2%.  Apple
Apple's earnings report was STRONG. Don't believe us? Just look at these four numbers.  Apple 
 15minofPham Sadly I didn't have any  Apple stock 🙄 still looking good though
 aapl stuck around  159 up and down. Lets see all update with price in morning. It would be disoponted if stay under  160
I think Allen Ginsberg transcribed this  Apple earnings call for FactSet 
Apple First Look: Strength Across The Board  Apple 
Record Service rev for  Apple! Apple services now much bigger than  AMZN Web Services,  NFLX!… 
 jimcramer Good job on  aapl today. Thx
I now have an  Apple laptop and ipad although I don't see an iPhone in my immediate future. So I'm not a apple hater just can't predict it.
I'm checking out  Apple 🤑🤑🤑🤑 
“I learned that focus is key. Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well.” -Tim Cook      Apple
Apple has  261.5 billion in cash. It could buy: 

Uber
Tesla
Netflix
Airbnb
Twitter

...and still have  29 billion left.  Apple
The  Apple Juggernaut keeps rolling yet can anyone predict consumer electronics market in 2022 or 2027? I know, broken record for years...
bot  Apple Aug4 155  call  butterfly 4 tonite's AMC  earnings  Apple 
Professional Writing in4days via  ElixiumCrypto  Forex  Stocks  GC  GOOG  Apple  TSLA  SPY  QQQ  Blockchain  Crypto
here's  Apple earnings at a glance. 
 Apple Shorts right now  Quarry_Rock  astruzynski 
 HamzeiAnalytics got a couple of 8-4-17 calls today,  157.50s   .31  itm  aapl might be a ten-bagger on those
Millionaire trading student made millions learning to trade from  Apple  CNAT  ICPT
 nvda big push higher on the aapl beat.  amd higher too. chips love a great  aapl quarter..
July 31  Equities Commentary:  Bob_Iaccino  CMEGroup 
 emini  dow  Apple  earnings 

 Apple CRUSHES IT--and puts the bite back in the FANG! Forget sector rotation. It's all tech, all the time! 😛 
There's an iPhone in my pocket and a MacBook Pro on my lap. I'm allowed to talk shit about  Apple.
 Apple did it, again! 🤑 
 CNBCFastMoney Strong upside potential.  Apple needs to diversify into other businesses. They should use the over  2… 
 Instant  Apple Unlocking  0.99 Cent All  iPhone FOR 3GS 4 4S 5 5C 5S 6 6+  unlockfusion  icloud  freeunlock  factoryunlock  Apple  unlock
Huge waste of  s 4  Apple contractor.  GovWalker  Foxconn.  Kensosha  Wisconsin 
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    FB  NFLX  AMZN  SPX  TSLA  Apple  GS
NYTimes: Joining Apple, Amazon’s China Cloud Service Bows to Censors  privacy  china  aapl  amzn  nytimes
 option_snipper Would you short  TSLA? I think 💰will move into  Apple
if  Apple bought  TWTR how easy would it be to deliver it's content?
 Apple:

5 Reasons Why Apple’s Shares Soared 6% Today:


Avid makes limited version of movie editing tool Media Composer free for macOS 
 Apple  patent 9,723,458: Push-to-talk telecommunications system utilizing an vo...  tech  IP 
 GuyAdami  Apple is the love child of a utility stock and Louis Vuitton. You gotta have a phone and some how they ge… 
 ChipStacks well now the report is out.  Would you have bought it if all you hear is iPhone 8 delay?  I actually moved from  aapl to  mu
Great trading models at Profectus Systems  Apple  BoeingC  P&G  YHOO  CHK  WFC  FB  CRM  GE  MRO  NFLX  AMZN  TSLA  SPY  VLO  JBLU  ATVI  AMD
 aapl thank you so much  aapl 
Notable companies reporting after market close  Apple  EOG  ALL  PXD  FISV  ILMN  OKE  DVN  VRSK  DVA  FMC  FANG… 
Tempted to check  aapl results while on vacation.
 Apple  ILMN  FEYE gap up tomorrow.
 jimcramer  carlquintanilla  davidfaber  tim_cook  jack  JeffBezos  Benioff  mcuban  APPLE SAYS EMERGING MARKETS SA… 
Nvidia frolics over  Apple 's quarter! 
Apple: End The Buyback  Apple  APPLE
"Apple posts strong  45.4 billion in revenue on growing sales of 41 million iPhones"  Apple 
 Apple's services strategy is working, so far  smm  socialmedia 
 jimcramer been a bull up to this point, but the market is a sell regardless of the  Apple quarter. recent price action is not constructive.
 Apple what was dividend before? .60?
Plant stem cells as innovation in cosmetics. PubMed - NCBI  beautiful  cosmetics  fashion  beauty  skincare  Apple
 Apple:

Apple (Apple) Q3 Results Are Positive For Q4 – Stifel:


Christ, the Apple nerds are PISSED that I made them think Apple doesn't do anything but take 30% of everyone's money.

 Apple
 Apple coin flip zone
 Apple last attempt at 160 there put in a lower high in AH, but still above 158.80 support
I do have an edge Josh Brown it's called Unusual Options Activity! It Predicted  AAPl  apple beat!
What's your edge… 
FYI!  acad  aapl  amzn  brk  crm  dis  exel  f  ge  gm  hlf  iep  jnj  juno  ko  lly  msft  nflx  orcl  pep  prgo… 
 aapl ITM 152.5 calls doing nice—400%.
 Apple cha-ching 
 Apple is basically saying the gigantic growth they're seeing in "services" revenue is from them taking a 30% cut of every transaction. …
Put another way,  Apple doesn't make services in the same way  GOOG or  MSFT or  AMZN make services. They're a payments processor. …
 Apple MY SUMMER JUST GOT MADE 💰💰💰💰💰💰🦊💥💥💥 
5 Reasons Apple’s Stock Just Jumped 6%
 Apple
 AMAT  Apple  ALRM
By far the best tool I've used for finding stocks to trade

Url 
 Apple Cook was most excited about augmented reality and autonomous driving. Won't share details though...hush hush.
 jimcramer  TheStreet  EricJhonsa Bought Aug 18th  Apple Calls for 0.53. Looks like more than a six bagger after ear… 
Congrats  Apple shareholders. I sold at  90 on a whim. I'm still happy as Hell for you all. 😀
 aapl flying after hrs. Is the correction over?
Was long  Apple. Big payday for me  payday
Why the Apple Ecosphere Could Own the AR/VR Wars It's  Apple vs  FB vs  Google vs  BoeingBoeing vs  MSFT
 Apple 1m Chart 
Apple Sets Record Service Revenues in Fiscal 3rd Quarter
 Apple  Google  earnings
15% off ALL  TradeIdeas  subscriptions with code "ASCEND15"--> trading  alerts  scanners… 
 AVGO went over  100 Billion market cap today and up another  6 in after hours on  Apple earnings
New Feature: Changing the Price Chart in Interactive Charts  Apple  Google  Walmart
 Apple Shares Rise to All-Time High after Apple Beats Expectations 
 Apple  Apple Clueless8_Trading ANOTHER MONSTER Earnings Winner💰 Alerted Yesterday & Today : Tactical NOT EMOTIONAL 
 Apple good job ... now do something with that cash  Apple
 Apple  NetPayoutYields  enough said
You know your doing good when your members kill it ..  47K profits on  aapl 
 Apple Solid earnings call just ended. Cook sees strength in the emerging markets with the exception of China. see pr
 aapl keep onnnnnnn going
This is Apple right now. Spiking after earnings and hitting NEW all-time highs.

 Apple  Inv… 
 Apple will push the DOW over 22,000 tomorrow. What a move. Market does not appear to be ever going lower.... right? lol
 Apple
Simply the best tool for day traders💲

Link: 
 Apple That's what I posted earlier. Nice C&H setup. The lotto calls are gonna pay off big time.  argoexp
 Apple:

Apple (Apple) Has Pleased Us – Drexel:


8/2 Stock Watchlist:  Apple,  LL,  SHOP,  NCLH,  HZN
Well that was a fun call.

 Apple
In fact, its one area where  Apple essentially acts as arm of Gov since it affects such a large % of users.  Apple 
 Apple ***CALL HAS ENDED***
Another set of earnings has been killed at tradingwiser :)  ilmn and  aapl 
both are going to be up BIG tomorrow.
Just to be perfectly clear, there is NOTHING WRONG with being a payments processor.

But don't compare yourself with  GOOG or  MSFT.

 Apple
That 6.39%  aapl
“I’m very bullish and very, very optimistic about India” - Cook

 Apple
Apple Inc.  Apple Beats Earnings: Here Is The Upside Target Price  VerifiedProTrader 
 Apple this is either a trap and going to break 158.80's or going over 160. waiting
Since Apple is now making the iPhone SE in India, does that mean they'll eventually make an SE 2?

 Apple
 Apple beats earnings and up after market 
 petenajarian 
 Apple

Has been a mistreated MONSTER Let loose the cracken and trade her at  225.

Way over due for premium PE

IMH fucking O
StockTwits: When you've been long  Apple this entire time and now you're just counting your paper like … 
EARNINGS: Apple Q3 EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.; Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est. •  Apple 
 Apple just too good  Apple
 nflx beats  goog tanks.  fb beats  goog tanks  goog beats  goog tanks  amzn misses  goog tanks  aapl DESTROYS  goog will tank.
 Apple 159.40 break
That mizuho and all other  aapl "analysts" sure look pretty stupid right now with their bearish case and price reductions. Huge upgrades tom
 caro_milanesi I agree with you,  Apple are clearly developing sex robots
Today's after-hours market report breaks down just-released quarterly results from  Apple -->  Apple
Why the Apple Ecosphere Could Own Augmented Reality via  po_st  MindOverMoney podcast  Apple  FB  Google  BoeingBoeing  MSFT
 CNBCFastMoney gene munster has no idea where  Apple stock is headed. he was bearish 3 weeks ago.
 hankmoodyish  Apple in 2014 gained 8% after its earnings report .
An analyst finally directly asks  Apple about rumors of an iPhone delay. Tim Cook responds: No comment on anything that's not announced.
There’s good reason to expect Apple’s iPhone 8 is on track to crush it.
via  CNNMoneyStream  Apple  TradersCom
 Apple market gonna be up 200 tomorrow. And now fb can makes its move
Today's Apps Gone Free: Oblique, Visual Math 4D, Flow and More  AppAdvice  Apple 
Exactly. ARKit is going to have a huge impact. Lots of behavior change coming this fall with AR. Apple is such an i… 
Watch today's  MarketForecast video!  investools  SCHW  Apple  NKE  DIA  QQQ  SPX  SPY  EPI  EWZ  STUDY  MACRO  trade 
 Apple rippy. FANG to follow
When you've been long  Apple this entire time and now you're just counting your paper like 
And there's  Apple profits!!
Company offers strong revenue outlook for the rest of the fiscal year   Apple 
Not quite anywhere as there is a need for situational awareness which is diff. But core tech can certainly be lever… 
 Apple, huge move. Most of this qtr beat was due to analysts lowering  s ahead of earnings 
Put another way,  Apple doesn't make services in the same way  GOOG or  MSFT or  AMZN make services.

They're a payments processor.
ICYMI: My  CNBCClosingBell segment discussing  Apple earnings 
 smartertrader what a year, killed  aapl,  baba another no brainer!
 Apple is basically saying the gigantic growth they're seeing in "services" revenue is from them taking a 30% cut of every transaction.
Cars are just the most visible up front. But Autonomous "Things" will be all around us in a few years, and core tec… 
Apple up  9 AH on a solid  earnings report. Here are my thoughts from  CNBCClosingBell  aapl  beat  china  iPhone8 

 Apple up 6.15% to 159.32 after hours at this point during the call... previous intraday record is  156.65
Tim Cook got very animated in Earnings Call re ARKit. Here’s my take on why that enthusiasm is well founded.  Apple
Apple  Apple up 6%+ in A/H trading after latest earnings. Find out why here - 
Looking good!!   Apple  FEYE  CLDX  BX  NRZ all holdings, all with upside
One  HappyCamper here!! 
Hey  vindugoel -  Apple made  500M/day with FLAT iPhone sales. That’s the story.
 Apple  QQQ looks like the entire markets are going to rally! And so is my account! 
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 call:

Cook: Very excited for AR. Entertainment, gaming, small biz, consumer, enterprise applications.

"Big & profound"
 aapl had a strong quarter.  Stock has lots of room to run on the back of upcoming iPhone 8 cycle plus AirPods, Watch and iPad.
Big Beautiful ARKit factories coming soon to the US. 

 Apple
“I think AR is big and profound” - Tim Cook 

 Apple
Apple CEO Tim Cook says original programming is "still an area of great interest."  Apple
 Apple 159.40 keep the lid on to the penny so far. 158.80's supporting.
 TSLA  Apple
Best tool I've used for day trading
 
"Autonomous systems can be used in a variety of ways, a vehicle is just one," Tim Cook says.  Apple
 Apple Inc. Reports Q3 2017 Earnings, Shares Surge  Apple 
Tim Cook teases self-driving cars is just the start for autonomy, which he calls "the mother of all AI projects."  Apple
Apple hits all time high in after hours trading | 9to5Mac  Apple 
 BloombergTV  emilychangtv Apparently so do investors.  Apple up over 6% in after hours trading.  earningsbeat  investing  stocks  timcook
 Apple posted a 12% increase in profits. Because with 260 Bln  in cash, it could have looked like they were slacking off otherwise.
 Karabo_Mokgoko thanks for follow!  HappyAugust Vista Partners  InvestingForLife  Apple  DIA… 
whens the last time  aapl has gone up >6% after earnings? 2006?
 JLTrades Unless  Apple is faded mightily tomorrow, it should give the entire sector a boost.
Cook: Apple's efforts in autonomy goes beyond cars.
 Apple
 Apple tim needs to brush up on his presentation skills. i cant understand a word with the "uhhh's inbetween every word
What the hell were people buying from  Apple last quarter? Everyone got an iPad huh?
 Apple Apple, tech stocks soar after hours, set to lead Dow to 22,000 record Wednesday 
 GMHikaru +9 after hours 22000 is in d bag for manana (p.s. Good luck in  speedchess )  aapl
 Apple i guess this analyst thinks this is tesla with these questions
RBC now commenting on  Apple
I'll probably sell some more  Apple in the morning.  WTFN.
 Apple's services strategy is working, so far 
bespokeinvest: This would be biggest gap up for Apple  Apple on earnings since...a year ago (7/26/16) when it gappe… 
lolololo

the one fucking guy asking an apple tv question

 Apple
 RampCapitalLLC  aapl beat and  dow futures under 30k? Markets are rigged
Impressive results, Apple. Damn.  Apple
 FEYE beat by  0.08 beat on revenue FEYE &  Apple BEAT nicely both up 8-10% after hours  CLDX UP&GRADE to  10   2.50 
Except I'm not even happy because this just makes me feel worse that I've been reducing  Apple to buy  IBM 😔
From the Apple earnings call: Tim Cook declined to discuss Trump's claim that 3 U.S. plants are in the works  Apple
 Apple Apple sold 11.4MM units of  iPad and 4.3MM units of Mac during the quarter  QQQ Join the discussion: 

you holding  Apple until the end of your days or what?! ;)  piggiestrader
Join  RobinhoodApp and we'll both get a share of stock like  Apple,  F, or  S for free. Make sure to use my link.


An  Apple a day keeps the dreams awake 👌 CONGRATS to  Apple Longs today.
 OptionEsquire  smartertrader hitting  Apple (had the contracts from last week) really really helps.  Bigly.
 Apple with the big beat. Tech rally continues! DJIA 22k+ tomorrow.
 Apple sold 41.03m iPhones in 3Q17 + 2% from prior-year period. Revenue  from iPhone sales +3% to  24.84Bil. More: 

the question is not a matter of if  Apple can get to  200, it's a matter of when? Santa rally will get it there. i said it first here.
 Apple settled +0.9% at  150.05. Earnings were unquestionably fine, and in AH, the stock has traded to a new histori… 
Go  Apple, go!
 CNBCFastMoney Can  Apple just buy  S and take over everything?
How much will the Aug 4th 160s go up tomorrow if it sits at 160 through lunch?  Apple
When you're long ~13,000 shares through an earnings beat 🍾🥂🤑  Apple 
Apple stock soars to a record high on great earnings and a strong forecast for the next iPhone… 
 Apple Q4 guidance rev  49B- 52B  Estimates have revenue at  49.12B Live blog: +6.1% AH
Damn  aapl killed it again. 
 Apple does seem self fulling now that it will eventually tap that 1tril market cap. and no not this week.
Answer the install base question!  Apple
Tim Cook says China situation is different than US  ApplevsFBI fight, in which he believes the law was on its side.  Apple
Cook said more is coming this yr about direct jobs with  Apple in US. Sounds like code for more manufacturing. Munster's bet is it's for Macs
This guy sounds like a drug dealer who only sells heroin.  Apple
Tim Cook says he's hopeful the China restrictions will loosen, noting "innovation requires freedom to collaborate and communicate."  Apple
 Apple 🚀🎉🤑☝️ get ready for more mkt highs.  😜😂
 Apple Looking for a gap and go tomorrow.
Cook says hopeful  VPN restriction in  China will eventually go away. I just can't see that happening without Gov change.  Apple  Apple
 Apple shorting over 160
What stood out on the  Apple earnings call was bump in services. A strong content play & valued ecosystem really do bolster loyality
Tim Cook on the VPN controversy: We follow the law of wherever we do business. We believe in engaging in govts even when we disagree.  Apple
 Apple Don’t forget, many traders have properly set their T/P   160. So expect a small peak above. If it gets there that is.
Trump: Cook "promised me three big plants - big, big, big". 
Cook: app developers; investment fund; something later, maybe  Apple
New ATH in  Apple after hours, nice.
Apple's  tim_cook says China law on VPNs was clear. "That doesn't mean that we don't state our point of view in the appropriate way."  Apple
Why have I ever bought anything but  Apple stock?!
Talk about a big bank balance - Apple's cash pile has reached a new record high of  261.5B, up  4.67B from last qua… 
 Dow22K Crude oil selloff and  Apple  earnings in focus for  trading  stocks  Apple  WTI  API
 Apple  patent 9,723,420: System and method for robust simultaneous driver measu...  tech  IP 
Huge earnings report from  Apple
Held this company through every earnings report for the last 7 years. 
They never let me down  Apple 📈 
Cue the China VPN outrage from  Apple bears and such.

WHY DO YOU NOT DEFY THE GOVERNMENT IN OPEN PROTEST?! 

Why? It's complicated, is why
 Apple tim cook literally putting me to sleep now "uhhhhhhhhh uhhhhhhhhhh uhhhhhhhhh"
This would be biggest gap up for Apple  Apple on earnings since...a year ago (7/26/16) when it gapped up 7.86%:… 
 CNBCFastMoney Dan has Apple dead right. I’ve started tracking an ETF in which neither  Apple nor FANGs are big holdings, and it outperforms.
 Apple Beat and Raise  vandamme 
Cook answering a question about killing Chinese VPN apps: China changed the regs in 2015, so they required  Apple to move them
3rd area of jobs - 75% of total  Apple employees are in US and will say more later in year.  Apple  Apple
Analyst asks  tim_cook about the 3 factories. He ducks, talks about 2 million U.S. jobs Apple created, including developers, suppliers  Apple
 Apple range super tight now
I say this now and then about allegations of Apple having a "China problem"  Apple 


Cook says Hong Kong continued to bring down Greater China, but bottoming.  Apple 
here's  mattlynley on the  Apple news 
Join  RobinhoodApp and get a share of stock like  Apple,  F, or  S for free.


 Apple Shares Rise to All-Time High after Apple Beats Expectations via  macobserver
 Apple Stock Price: 
Drexel Hamilton and Stifel, in the order, are the first sell-side guys to respond to  Apple
 Apple alright im falling asleep tell us something new
 democrats really hate  america because they should want  TaxReform &  repatriation so  Apple could bring back that  261 billion cash 2  usa
 Apple Well I am glad I held my Sept  150 calls and my Sept  144  QQQ calls through Apple earnings tonight!
Apple Pay picks up another 20+ banks around the world  9to5Mac  Apple 
 TweetLeni You are hot trading right now  Apple,  LL,  HBI and so many more....awesome girl 👍👏
 Apple beats, we had a few in  150 calls, they are gonna bank tomorrow! Tune into the conference call  NFTC  SPY  QQQ
POLL: Is  Apple a must own stock?
bespokeinvest: Big increase in paid subs for Apple  Apple 
 Apple says created 2M jobs in US. Cook says " Apple could only have been created here". 75% of the 2M are app devs.  apple  Apple
rats: Cook directly asked about WSJ's Trump quote about  Apple building "3 beautiful plants" in US, skirts around it to talk job creation
Apple earning is so strong!  Apple 
 howardlindzon  Apple's been pretty consistently great, but is really heating up again now ahead of  MOAUC.
 Apple The Latest 1Hour chart which is showing the more agressive view which ended playing out. elliottwave Today NY. 
 Apple if the call ends with no new revelations then i dont think 160 gets tapped in AH tn
 sig_57  TommyThornton  Apple has the shittiest battery life. Not kidding.u wud think that with all the R&D    they… 
Analyst asks Cook if he’s building 3 factories in the US as Trump said; answers just by saying “we’ve created 2 million jobs here” 

 Apple
Looks like  Apple is the king of the crop   PhillyBob11  We held on for awhile but will be getting paid!
 1T market cap coming soon  Apple
If you bought  Apple this time last year then you are up >40%.
They really ought to consider opening a bank account. If that cash pile tips over it could hurt someone.  Apple 
 Apple go buy  XLNX for 40B, it's not much 
THREE BIG BEAUTIFUL PLANTS  Apple
 Day_Tradin  Apple overload... working on it... thanks for your patience
 Apple 159.40 showing some resistance and 158.80 propping so far
 Apple earnings surpassing expectations.  XIV up after hours  volatility 


 tim_cook  Apple on China ' ..
Services grew strongly.  iPhones flat YOY. Macs and iPads good. Overall encouraging in China.
Shares 159.27
Audio quality is so high, you can tell how few fucks Tim Cook has to give to analysts.  Apple
For so long we have touted the importance of  Apple services biz. We continue to believe in its growth and relevance. 
Munster on  Apple: Number of pay subscriptions (Music & iCloud) reached 185M, up 20M in last 90 days
Wow, huge beat by  Apple +6% in AH , seems the cat may have been let out of the bag prior to close given the gap up, paging FINRA...
 Apple Valuation:  159 -  29/share net cash/investments /  8.81 trailing 12 month EPS = 14.75x (7)
Apple  Apple Jumps post earnings beat: Future much improved Forecast offered seemsto Nix Worst Fears of iPhone Delay… 
 Masterplan2018 I'm in  Apple so I'll laugh and be happy after the disaster last week
 Apple Tune in live earning call: 
 Apple Rolling average makes it clear the 6 bump was the anomaly. 
Mac sales, however, are hot, 1% YoY increase in units but 7% increase in revenue. That  500 TouchBar is magic in in… 
 aapl beat and  amzn and  googl miss money will go to  aapl from those two companies dont buy into that fake AH pop… 
So happy I peeled of another 2k  Apple shares last week to invest more in that sad excuse of a company named  TWTR.

 Genius  OpportunityCost
past  aapl beats had set off monster moves in indices - relatively subdued so will have to see what awaits
If  Apple ever gets China figured out, they'll be another multiple expansion that you can't fathom.
 Apple killing it... I have a client with an 87cent per share cost basis
 165 looks attainable for  Apple tomorrow.
 aapl super impressive  qqq and  spy reaction super lackluster - tmw will be even more telling now about health of market
Confident as I'd like to be with  Apple, I had no idea which way it would go. Hoped for a big move and got it!  100… 
 marketcall  AndrewBellBNN Any thought on  Apple
 Apple  Apple stock hit a high of  159.90 per share in after hours trading today
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 call:

Mainland China was actually flat this quarter. Hong Kong is "dragging down" results a bit. Still "encouraging."
Are you a passionate day trader, swing trader or investor? Get your trading swag now at 
Samsung trying to upstage  Apple? 😂 
 neilcybart  BenBajarin I don't know a single person who subscribes to  Apple music - who are the subs ?
NO ONE has pounded the table about  Apple SERVICES like you have, Boss!
 PTP 
=^.^= 
Woot! First blowout earnings report on my portfolio (about bloody time) The 👑delivers! Go  Apple ! ❤️🍎
 Apple wow nice pop 💰
6% growth in  aapl revs to mainland China on a constant currency basis
 Apple 158.80 acting as support so far
Do we see side effects of  aapl tomorrow 😀🤓 if yes we will have a great day
Apple barely sold some phones EPS growth influenced by the crashing US dollar, USA is a joke 🤣  Apple  emilychangtv
 Apple pretty much reached next Target after hours 
 Apple any forecast on the CC yet?
Apple stock is now up 6 percent after hours.  Apple
constant-currency terms, mainland China (ex-HK) sales up 6%  Apple
Expecting   spx  fc  qqq  avgo  baba  nvda  aapl to rip tommorrow. Get ready to load up and sky rocket
You know why  Apple stock is so high?
FFS... algore is on the board of directors...he invented the internet and all.  You forgot that?
any  aapl analysts analyzing the marker squeaks on this call to a try to reconstruct Apple team's notes? :D
 Apple Eco-System momo play, holding this LT for sometime now and will evaluate taking action on my position when we get up around 185.00.
In all the years  timsteno has been covering  Apple he hasn't seen an uptick in iPad sales... til now! Sales up 2% w… 
 Apple never touched 160. only earnings beat that actually hit insane levels was  nflx so far. everything else had the carrot pull
When what was expected to be average (or even poor) earnings report turns into being quite good in key areas.  Apple 
 Apple Yeah!! We want to see shorts in the game!!   market   apple   daytrader   optionpros   earnings   iphone8   nasdaq
As much as I love  Apple, you never want to be a pig and this may be a good time to take some profits (6)
 Apple I will be making a special update based on the new info we received today. all of july my 4  Apple plans have made money
 FileMakerGO may get boost from 15% *increase* in iPad shipments, first time in 14 quarters for that per  Apple Earn… 
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  JWN  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
Podcast: AMD Earnings, Microsoft AI Silicon, Samsung, Apple Plants  AMD  MSFT  SSNLF  Apple
 Apple has been trading at the wrong multiple for a long time.. services line has so much potential
Apple CEO  tim_cook says, "We're looking very much forward to the product rollouts." Somehow, I don't think he's the only one.  Apple
Apple First Look: Strength Across The Board  Apple  APPLE
well, it's gonna be a strong back half of the year, Katy Huberty.  Apple
 Apple was the last big mega cap stock to report which could move markets.  Welcome to August trading
Gene Munster on  Apple: 300M visitors to Apple stores in the Jun-17 quarter. That's almost the US population. 
 TMFJMo Owning >490 shares of  Apple makes  UA news a little easier to swallow. That's why they call it a portfolio, isn't it?
Bearish engulfing on  tsla monthly.  aapl good er set too high expectation. IF er come in low, total crash down to… 
 Apple held the 100d, up over 6% after hours on earnings. Strong! 
 Apple How we saw it yesterday in the 4 hour update. Get more updates at  Elliottwave 
 BenedictEvans  BenBajarin Never gonna buy another iPad due to how  Apple didn't properly support early models makin… 
 Apple I want to see  169 tomorrow before lunch   market   nyse   apple   daytrader   earnings   iphone8   nasdaq
 Apple says memory chip market rougher this year compared to last year.
Apple iPad YoY 15% change in units, only 2% change in revenue. So that big laptop replacements are not the one selling much.  Apple
"Typically, you know, we have product transition costs [during FQ4]..."  Apple
 TweetLeni  Apple wow very nice
 going_fishin I don't think so, since  Apple accounts for about 10% of NDX only.
 Apple I am now up 40% on my shares, fuckin awesome
Would be great if Tim Cook hired Scaramucci to handle Investor Relations ...  appletrillion  aapl
 Apple HAS COMPLETED  229B OF CAPITAL RETURN PROGRAM: MAESTRI
 aapl Apple's sitting on  261.5B in cash - up 13% from last year. What other company can say that? This is truly an investment.
 Apple Q&A portion
My call last Friday: Buy the Doubt Ahead of Apple Earnings! 150-165 call spreads for  5 in Oct and Dec should do ni… 
Services business for  Apple now makes up 16% of revenue. Up from 14% a year ago.
 Apple you already know every azzhole on the street is going to call for 180+ share price now as mid 180's gets u 1 trillion. self fulling
question time

unleash the idiots

 Apple
Thanks  Apple 🍎 another great quarter and Earnings Report! 📈🤑
 Apple amazing Apple added 90B to marketcap in 1 hour..to make money from here ..can it add another 90B?
 barronstechblog  CMLviz How much of  Apple results, guidance due to weaker US Dollar ?
Apple added 20 million subscriptions the last 90 days and has close to  270 billion in cash. Fire Tim Cook.  aapl
Apple is now sitting on  262 billion in cash and marketable securities, almost all of it outside the U.S.  Apple
 AaPL is crushing it!   Winner winner chicken dinner! 
Apple now has  261.5 billion in cash, according to CFO Luca Maestri 

so many dollars 

 Apple
 Apple update VWAP from EPS 157.25 vs 159.25 last.  That's support
. Apple has  261.5 billion in cash.  Apple 
Looking at fundamental quality, value, and momentum, Apple stock is well positioned for more gains  SSNLF  Apple 
 Apple CEO Tim Cook says the company has now surpassed 1.2B cumulative iPhones sold 
 Apple  services revenue up 22%. What will happen if/when more OEMs capture that mojo... IoT services economy would explode, from Buzz 2 Bull
did you just see that  Apple print?  I'm sure it's nothing
Amazing earnings report, thank you  Apple 🎁🎁💹
Remember May last year when you didn't buy  Apple at  90? 
 Apple 158.82 some micro support here
 AMD let's not forget about  SNE and  MSFT. Their ER and future products matter just as much as  Apple
 Apple:

Apple Guidance Hints at a Surprise September Release for the …:


Apple beats by  0.10, beats on revenue  Apple 
 261 billion in cash.

Yo Cookie, can I borrow some cheese?

 Apple
Inside the  600-a-head Silicon Valley restaurant where  Google and  Apple execs eat gold-flecked steaks  Apple  Google 
 Apple it's off guys, TO THE FUCKING MOON.
So far, the  Apple conference call is impressive. Whether it is not in stock price is another question completely.… 
 Apple : 
Still Into Monthly Uptrend Channel (red) Next Monthly Major Resistance Trendline   170.20ish(grey)
 Apple… 
 Apple inching higher ah!  162 possible tomorrow
The only people safe right now on the  Apple call are playing  NQ_F, opens at 6:00 pm EST. No options or common liquidity.
Apple with a solid earnings beat.

 Apple 
 Apple All time highs
 GuyAdami  Apple is a short right here. as is the market as a whole.
 Apple ripping: up more than  9 (6%+) (5)
I hate hearing about 1to 1 iPad schools when there are schools out there that literally are a kid's only meal of the day.  Apple
 FEYE All eyes are on  Apple but check out FEYE.... Nice  QQQ  SPY  earnings  stocks  stockmarket  investing  finance  MSFT  Intel  AMD  MU  F
 smartertrader  Apple is  159.52 in the AH. Will hit  170 in August
 Apple first TRILLION dollar company this year possible.
Remember when  carl_c_icahn sold  Apple  1simpletrader ? That was cute.
Price Returns vs Expected Daily Move  NKE  Apple  MO  HLF  BUD  MDLZ  TSLA  GPRO  F  GM  UAA  UA… 
 d4ytrad3 You forgot the "Alice" 
 honeymooners  jackiegleason  tothemoonalice  aapl  aapl 
 Apple 160 in AH just yanked so far 
 Apple
If you want to learn about potential runners pre-market, try this 💴
 Url 
I love you  Apple.   Apple 
Tech flying high after  aapl earnings,  goog up  6 AHs,  fb up  1,  amzn up  4, heck even  twtr is flat(up by Twtr standards).
Apple is doing amazingly well trading  159.59 after hours  aapl
A new 52wk high for  Apple was just reached. Apple  159.90   4:22 PM. Found with MOMO Stock Discovery app by Mometic. 
Money that left technology last week will come cascading back.

Principal winners:  Apple  NVDA  BoeingBoeing  PCLN  FB… 
 Apple needs to reduce reliance on retail consumers and move into industrial. Combine their software with  GE hardware would be ideal.
 Apple  QQQ  Just a friendly reminder, it's a bull market.  :)   livetradepro
Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%  Apple  SeekingAlpha  
 Apple is trading with a 5% earnings yield. No growth. Low dividend. Overvalued.
 BenedictEvans Thank you Janet.  Apple
Hey  profgalloway, still think  AMZN is going to be first trillion dollar company?  Apple is on a tear.
By the end of the 2017 calendar year, I bet Apple becomes the first company to be worth over  1 trillion (market cap).  Apple
 Apple to all the haters rn 
 Apple beats on earnings and revenue. Adjusted EPS  1.67 vs  1.57 per share expected. Revenue  45.4 billion vs  44.8… 
 Walmart deploying 19K  iPads for training employees across US.  Apple  Apple  Apple
 261.5 billion in cash for  Apple. Not a shareholder, but I would favor them purchasing  GE ( 220B market cap) if I were.
That's initially, not the high point post report. Get an initial topping out due to funds selling calls against the… 
Check this out!  Apple Shares Rise to All-Time High after Apple Beats Expectations - 
Do not doubt the leader of an all time high bull market  Apple 🍏🍎
Correction: There are 185 million subscribers to all Apple services, not Apple Music. Thanks to  jank0 for pointing that out.  Apple
 Apple is now trading at  1,116 / share (pre-split)
I'm holding this shit!!!  Apple 
 Apple Numbers don't lie   market   daytrader   earnings   nasdaq  Success
APPLE SOARING > 6% IN AFTER-HOURS TRADING.   Apple
Apple forecasts revenue above estimates, shares sail to record

 Apple  Apple  Stockmarket  Marketnews
 RampCapitalLLC They should buy index funds  aapl /s
Apple continues to struggle in China as revenue drops 10%  Apple
 QQQ the  Apple effect 
My biggest mistake in recent memory was selling my  Apple 😩
 Apple good game sir 
 Apple forecasts revenue above estimates, shares sail to record via  YahooFinance  Apple
Hands-on: The entry-level Mid-2017 5K iMac is a great deal with room for future growth [Video]… 
Walmart deploying 19,000 iPads.  Apple
 Apple earnings:

Doing a  143/  140 ratio put spread. 
Only cost me  18. 
Very conservative.
🦄 Only regret: Not buying more. But learning safe bets are good bets so happy  Apple 
 Apple Jan E's price INITIALLY topped +7.5% above the close going in. May initially topped out +5%. We've past +5%, heading 161.30 for +7.5%.
 Apple
If you want to learn about potential runners during pre-market, try this 🔥

URL 
There it is. Tim Cook just hinted at a fall event for more new products. I love it.
 Apple  apple  fanboy 
 Apple banging around 127.32 extension 
89% of tablets >  200 are iPads.

lolololololo  Apple
 ReformedBroker They should probably put it in index funds  aapl /s
Shorts in  NVDA  AVGO  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  FB are going to get a lesson tomorrow

Pessimism does not pay

 Apple sees global growth healthy
The IV was cheap  Apple premium buyers    
Apple's services business is now the size of a Fortune 100 company, a milestone they didn't expect to meet this soon.  Apple  Apple
 jack  anthonynoto  omidkordestani  TwitterIR  nedsegal please listen to  aapl call, take notes, listen again, more notes. Implement  twtr
 Apple looks like cup with handle breakout if this move holds. I am not in the name & did not expect this. No arguin… 
 Apple all time highs
 Apple:

Apple Inc. (Apple) Stock Springs to Fresh Highs on A-Plus Q3 Report:


 aapl look  160 already hit.. lets see if we can get  163 to  165 tomorrow at open 
 Apple up almost 7% to  159.89, all-time high...
 Apple im going to pay  1000 for the new iphone 8, but im not happy about that.
 AAOI needs to trade over  120 ...just fundamentals  FB  MSFT  AMAZN  Apple
 Apple lets see that 160!!!!!
 Apple i said 160 target didn't actually think it'd get there. what a beast!
 Apple all-time high. Powerful trends globally. Will give a big boost to  SPX  QQQ tmrw.
 Apple. Good action. After hours. Tomorrow will be more telling.

 Apple  TimCook Amazing work!
Seems  Apple is dropping all kinds of industry analyst numbers - much more than they used to do...  Apple
 vieiraUAE you're a half hour late?  aapl is at an all-time high in the after market, up more than 7%-What's next?… 
 SPY  Apple 41 million  iPhones during the quarter, up slightly from 40.4 million a year earlier  NotGoodEnough
 Apple  160 on deck - Nice grinder 
 AMZN has a 1000 dollar stock for entering 100s of businesses and losing money  Apple get 150 per share and just prints     
 Apple is sitting on over a quarter of a trillion in cash! Holy cow! Dear  HouseGOP &  SenateGOP, let's get a  taxholiday and repatriate!
The Little Book That Still Beats The Market:  SPY  VIX  UVXY  TVIX  DWTI  UWTI  Apple
Luca must be proud that Apple Pay launched in Italy.

 1 NFC payment service device - 90% share globally.  Apple
If someone explains  Apple's cash reserve situation to the president, he's going to start hate-tweeting at  Apple
 Apple
Tired of missing the hottest trades? Try MAX ALPHA
 Link: 
Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%  Apple  apple  iphone8 
Apple Pay coming to Finland and Sweden by the end of the year.  Apple
 Apple market cap increase 1  PRU
 Apple thats a pretty steady climb so far in AH. sold wayyy too early
Apple reports Q3 2017 results:  8.7B profit on  45.4B revenue, 41M iPhones, iPad sales up 28% to 11.4M.  Apple  Apple
Now 3 of 4 Apple Pay transactions are outside U.S.  Apple
 QBoeingN is on  fire 1 yr chart looking  beautiful MORE COMING SOON!!  aapl  fb  amzn  NBDR  KNSC  OTTV  PUBC  NXGH… 
 Apple Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%
 iPad numbers finally stop multi-quarter slip and grow 15% YoY and 28% sequential. Not clear which geo coming from.   Apple  Apple
 Apple pops. Tomorrow short squeeze is going to be crazy. Enjoy the ride. Grab a chair to watch...
 aapl 150 calls were cheap exp on Friday. 2.22 should a 4x in the am
 Apple Why bother buying straddles or strangles? Just buy calls and enjoy the ride.  options  optionstrading  investing  stocks  stockmarket
My 18-month-old daughter learned the word iPad today. Not sure if I'm proud or disgusted in myself. Either way, happy  Apple earnings day.
Gene Munster on  Apple: Cook putting the hammer down on ARKit. This should be positive of iPhone ASP's & Services
 AVGO  SWKS  react positively  as   Apple  chip supplies . Also with Mr Buffet behind   Apple , no  surprise with these stunning numbers
 Apple  Spiking higher after earnings.   livetradepro 
 AMD thanks to strong Mac sales (which use AMD processors) this will climb back to +15 . Thanks  Apple
Interesting charts on Apple  Apple sales and earnings over time 
 QBoeingN is on  fire   1 yr chart looking  beautiful MORE COMING SOON!!  aapl  fb  amzn  NBDR  KNSC  OTTV  PUBC  NXGH… 
 smartertrader  Aapl a day keeps my wifey away lmaoooo time to hit the Gucci store
 business I'm certain  Apple will help push it over come tomorrow.
 aapl dividend alone is worth holding this stock!! Apple (NASDAQ:Apple) declares  0.63/share quarterly dividend WOW!! keep it going!
 Apple single handedly deleted all my losses this week + BIG profit
iPhone sales had a stronger mix of 7 Plus unit sales, better than the mix of 6S Plus from a year ago, CFO says.  Apple
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 call:

iPhone unit sales up in most markets around the world, including many countries in Lat Am & Asia increasing > 25%.
Per earnings call  Apple suggesting Fx headwinds on revs were still worth 200bps. Guess reflects hedging effects.
 Apple : 
Apple Official Q3 Summary Data: 
 Apple  Trading  investing  aapl 
 Apple has  261 billion in cash.
People buy more iPads when we drop the price...Who knew! 🤔  Apple
 Apple
Tired of missing the hottest trades? Try this


 Apple says “no more iPhones. We’re done making them."
 DXCM come over  Apple guys
Apple CFO Luca Maestri says iPhone inventory was at lowest level in 2-1/2 years at the end of the quarter. iPhone 8 anybody?  Apple
Apple Earnings: No Worries Here  Apple 
 Apple earnings = 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
 Apple hits a new all-time high after hours, adding more than  30B in market cap in just the last 45 minutes... 
Today's recap and look ahead does go over  aapl after hours plan.  spx  dia  amzn 
 Apple in  China 
 Apple is 24 pts. away from  1,000,000,000,000
China down for 6th consecutive quarter but decline moderated to 9.5% from 14.1% last quarter.  Apple
 Apple"if the trend is up, buy dips" - John Murphy 
ok, will add some  Apple for O/N...jeeze  over 160 I guess..
 RedDogT3 What they don't advertise is the amount of debt that  Apple has, yet I'm long
 Apple Q3 Revenue,  45.41B vs.  44.9B expected
Q3 iPhone Shipments, 41.03M vs. 40.5M expected. In    148.75… 
NOW OFFERING 7 Day FREE Trial to  options day trading team Room or  TWTR feed 
 FB  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
 Apple  261 Billion in cash. Sure would be nice if that was sitting in this country.
 Apple trying to get to  160 before AH closes. New territory! 
 Apple China Mkt's the biggest pain & India'll be its next driver; Music and Watch gains momentum. Slightly higher EPS bc of buyback.
ForEx impacted Apple by 200 basis points in FQ3 - Luca  Apple (I think in rev terms)
Bright spot for Apple: Mainland China sales have stopped falling and were actually up 6 percent in constant dollar terms.  Apple
- Apple at record high. Up 6% after earnings report -  Apple  Tech  SiliconValley 
 Apple Apple crushes earnings estimates and is now trading at an all-time high. Sold 450,000 iPhones PER DAY last qu… 
Apple’s  Apple Buy Rating Reiterated at UBS AG 
Analysts on CNBC on getting  aapl so wrong as usual ... uh um well err : like cab drivers who play the ponies
Tomorrow when all our calls are rocking... remember it's not because we're great it's because  Apple is! 😂
On the  Apple earnings call Tim Cook just teased ahead to a "special product" later this year
Tim Cook hinting at a fall event for more new products, I love it
 Apple
 OptionsHawk so you own  Apple in Yen terms?
 Apple earnings call liveblog 
 Apple stock up 42% in past 9 months
 Apple sales up 4.6% over past 9 months......
So the stock is growing at 10x the sales growth.
. Apple is signaling a huge fourth quarter and  WallStreet is loving it  Apple 
CNBC commentators on  Apple at  156 "wouldnt buy it here"
 157 "wouldnt chase it here"
 158
 159......
 aapl
Apple: Strong demand continues for "AirPods" but continues to be back ordered-
(AR) Augmented Reality is big opportunity
HomePod=great
 amzn Dump  AMZN and use that money on  Apple imo .. that's the better company
appleinsider: Notes of interest from  Apple's Q3 2017 conference call 
 Apple I love how all the bears who were wrong *before* earnings now want us to believe they know what's going to happen *after* earnings lol
S&P 500 should be up 5 pts mathematically off this  Apple move, even aside from bellwether effects.   spy.
 Apple so glad I ioined apple before earnings today
 Apple Jumps to Fresh Highs on Street-Beating Q3  Earnings Report  Apple 
 Apple - Tim Cook sounds like he needs a glass of water  Apple
How are those  Apple shorts and puts working out, bears?.... 
 Apple is  158.90 in AH! Now I can stop posting, " Apple and  NFLX were buying in the  170 area.  NFLX hit 1st!"
Apple sales and profits exceed expectations even as buyers wait for new iPhones. Macs were especially strong.  Apple 
 Apple:

Apple Jumps: Forecast Nixes Worst Fears of iPhone Delays:


 Apple The most beautifulist thing in this world 🌎 and it's just like that, I get in ya
 Apple Did the Aug 4th  160 for cheappppp, hope it hits
 Apple new all time high

 830 Billion market cap
 Apple  patent 9,723,401: Multiple microphone switching and configuration  tech  IP 
That  Apple tho
Apple at an all time high and crushes earnings. Up 6% after hours.  Apple
Apple Jumps: Forecast Nixes Worst Fears of iPhone Delays - Barron's - Tech Trader Daily -  Apple 
 Apple - Fair warning.  Apple does well in trend  1.  Trend  2 is small & temporary.  Trend  3 never lasts.  It is h… 
 Apple i want to say  160-162, but i have this sneaking feeling like even thats going to be VERY modest. So perhaps 165-167?
 Apple as I said. Hold and smile.
My god,  Apple. Good for you if you played it to the upside.  trading 
 Apple really? wow
 Apple up huge after hours after earnings. Wild one!
WTF happened to Gene Munster's blonde hair?  Apple Not the gray boy the part he's dyed black? Is it not chic to be blonde on VC side of biz?
 Apple stock is 24pts away from being worth 1 trillion if u can believe that.  1,000,000,000,000
 Apple
Added new clients to Apple    149.80 near the close.
FP/E=13.9%, FCFy=4.59%
67.26Bil cash 💰 
Good chart &  EdibleFundies
Notes of interest from  Apple's Q3 2017 conference call 
 AVGO +2.5% AH after  Apple earnings.
 Apple FQ3 Tax rate 22.9% versus guidance of 25.5% and down from 24.9% last quarter.
 Apple looks like  HBI is up because shorts just shit
 Apple Congrats Longs! 🎊💯💖
 Apple:

Why Apple Earnings Are Pushing the Shares to a New High:


Gene Munster on  Apple: Adjusting for channel inventory drain iPhone units would have been up 9% vs. down 1% last quarter.
Warren Buffett has made a killing on his investment in  Apple.  BRK


Apple Earnings Live Blog  Apple  apple  iphone 
 JustinPulitzer  Apple should buy  AMZN 50% down and 50% leveraged debt. Done.
 Apple VWAP from EPS is 156.92.  Use that for support AH and tomorrow
 aapl First stop  175, then rest, then  200+
No position, but isn't this move just insane? Small beat...  Apple  N
For perspective,  Apple revenue grew  3 bil year over year;  1.3 bill of that growth - more than 40% - was from Services (4)
Apple's Forecast Signals Strong Sales of New iPhones This Year  Apple 
 Apple setting up just like  AMD  FB and others nice powerful after hours and oh how sweet tomorrow could be on back side if no slam tonight
 Apple Shares Rise to All-Time High after Apple Beats Expectations  AppleNews
What will be very interesting amc tomorrow is if  Apple made new highs or got filled in like a jam tart.  We'll know… 
 Apple it looks like  HBI os up because shorts just shit
rofl  Apple -- that is s i c k 
 Apple exploded by more than 5% AH today on earnings in a good agreement with this bullish forecast  WallStreet
😳  aapl really going for it. 
 Apple:

Apple beats earnings estimates, Services up 22%; shares +5.9%:


 Apple will always make money. They upgrade IOS so it doesnt work as well on older phones so you have to buy new phone 😂
the midpoint of Apple's guide for FQ4, at  50.5B is  1.3B higher than the consensus of around  49.2B. That's new.  Apple
 jimcramer tell me again why you suggested selling some  Apple?
Wow Apple Watch sales up 50%.  Apple  investing
 Apple I'm long and happy BUT come on people a 10-year-old could have got this right. The estimates were crap, 
 bjPtrade Nice day to be holding  Apple.
Tim Cook can't say WWDC correctly.  Apple
 Apple MMM was  4.74…. so almost 2X expected move.
 QQQ going nuts w/  Apple weighting
 CNBC  jimcramer Listening to  Apple CEO T. Cook conference call is simply one superlative after another! IPhones, IPads & iWatches!
Apple remains a going concern.  StaySharpe  Apple 
Here's how  Apple iPhone, iPad and Mac sales stacked up last quarter 
Middleton & Co Inc MA Has  15.24 Million Position in Apple Inc.  Apple 
 Apple : 
Apple next Weekly Major Resistance Trendline at  162.40ish (red)
 Apple  Trading  investing  aapl 
 aapl is fire 
 Apple exploded by more than 5% AH today on earnings in a good agreement with this bullish forecast  Dow  investing
 Apple sales in China down 9.5% YoY.
 Apple cash can pay Netlix total debt every month for a full year and still keep some change 
 tim_cook in  Apple excited over new Macbook Pro sales in Q3 and +50% increase of Apple Watch sales.  Shares now 159.16
 CNBCFastMoney
 Apple out 159.10 + 2.09 ! 
 Apple  AMD  TECH
 Apple Shorts be like 
Apple's Tim Cook touts high Apple Watch market share, but still hasn't given us any sales data or hard numbers.  Apple
 CNBCFastMoney  DanNathan Shouldn't be allowed to have an opinion on  Apple. He's been bearish since the stock was under  100. It's laughable
VIDEO:  XLK  Apple  FB Technical Analysis Chart 08/01/2017  Markets  NASDAQ  NYSE  Technicalanalysis  Daytrader
 aapl iPhone sales better than expected, services revenue is up. Now fly pelicannnnnn 😛😛
 RiskReversal should qualify anytime he speaks on  Apple with "I've been dead wrong for a year now..."
Watch up 50%. Nice to see. From my experience this makes a lot of sense.  Apple
 Apple never disappoints me.  winning.
 Apple exploded by more than 5% AH today on earnings in a good agreement with this bullish forecast for Apple via /r/Stock_Picks

 Apple ex…
HAH. All the ‘experts’ at  CNBC who got out of  Apple Now they don’t know what to say.
 SPY not really reacting on  Apple numbers. Could be down if it’s not up.  248 is the key… long above, still iffy below. Keep it simple.
SITTING IS THE NEW CANCER  Apple
Apple Earnings: No Worries Here  Apple  APPLE
Mac sales up thanks to record sales in China and Japan, and strength of iMac and MacBook Pro.  Apple
PAY DAY ON Apple   aapl 
 CounterPointTR  HuaweiMobile  Vivo_India  xiaomi  james_a3  Tarunpathak  ETTelecom  MEIZU  reliancejio… 
Here is the price level to watch ahead of  Apple earnings  
Action Ahead Of Earnings  Apple  LULU  Boeing  GM  YUM
 CaptainObvious dropped by, freeloader wants you all to know  FANG is all up in AH post  Apple. And he says,  youarewelcome
 Apple
Why it is quintessential to cut out the noise.This is just the beginning. 
 petenajarian  GuyAdami Guy, I was wondering if rules of discipline/trimming, apply to  Apple if big % move continue… 
Welp, 20% instead of 300%+. Kind of feel foolish and angry.  Apple. I'd rather lock-in 20% than risk losing 70%
"Only  Apple SHORTS are rotten!"   :)
 Apple  159s now
Un halls para Cook, pf.  Apple
 Apple Shares Rise to All-Time High after Apple Beats Expectations 
Over half of iPads sold in Japan and China were to consumers getting their first iPad, Cook says.  Apple
Cook says that half of iPad sales were to first-time iPad users.  Apple
 SNAP Booted From  SPY

Plus news on  Apple  AMD  UAA 


 Apple "to" "da" "moon"
Retweeted Bob Dylans Harmonica ( TraderMichigan):

 Apple had a nice quarter, here's the weekly call options... 
Make sure you deduct apple debt from  Apple offshore cash says  jowens510 
Combined, sales of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were up strong double digits, Cook says.  Apple
 DOW closes in 22K to end day at new record. Earnings still stream in w  Apple topping list.
 Apple results are quiet well. 
The iPhone 7 was the most popular iPhone this quarter, with iPhone 7 Plus sales up over 6S Plus a year ago, Cook says.  Apple
 Apple Where is Carl Ichan? No brainer. Oh yeah, he sold. 🤣
 BREAKING Truly absurd profits algorithm for earnings TRADING 101 STRONG BUY  Apple  apple  earnings… 
CNET : Revenues, profits and iPhone sales are all on the rise for  Apple …… 
 zoomzoomdoom Need folks like  CreateCapital to admit they were completely wrong about  Apple   :)
 petenajarian Pete, I was wondering if rules of discipline/trimming, apply to  Apple if big % move continues into tomorrow's open? Thank you
 aapl changes everything? we will see
 Apple looks like it wants that 160 test
 aapl firs target  160 then  163 ..  158 hold good so far Ah
 Apple reported 7% increase in revenue to  45.4Bil in 3Q17. The company witnessed.... 
 Apple services business is booming.
King  Apple. BIG WINNER this week. Good show
 Apple now up about 50% this year!!
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 call:

1.2 billion cumulative iPhones have been sold all-time, worldwide, over the past decade.
Tomorrow headline:  Apple accounts for 80 of  DJIA 's 60 point gain as the Dow closes above record 22K for the first time ever
Some very impressive ACJ and related moves today  Apple  CGNX  IP&GP  RACE  MDC  PAYC  ALRM  SHOP and  IDXX  ICHR  REGN on the flip side
Apple forecasts revenue largely above estimates, shares rise  Apple 
This Is the Best iOS App for Simple Expense Tracking  Lifehacker  Apple 
Making it Through the 3Q Low Point and Guiding Strong on 4Q - Reit. BUY  BrianWhiteCFA  Apple
Oh god please how can I mute stupid tweets that list all the things  Apple can buy with it's cash
 Apple making  NQ_F pop, prepeare for aggresive shorting opportunity during globex session at 5933,5/5932-zone.
Apple services business the size of a Fortune 100 company.  Apple
 Apple:

Apple Shares Jump to New Record on Strong Q3 Results and …:


Watch out for selling in  XLF  XLE to fund  Apple  QQQ  SMH  MU  NVDA  FB buying tomorrow
It's not quite McDonald's "billions and billions" but Apple has sold 1.2 billion iPhones since introduced, says  tim_cook  Apple
 aapl is just great 🙌🏻 
Apple has sold a cumulative 1.2 billion iPhones, CEO Tim Cook says.  Apple
Apple has now sold over 1.2 billion iPhones, Cook says

That’s nuts 

 Apple
Gene Munster on  Apple: Numbers looked great. Surprised they did not lower guidance. Looks like talk of the iPhone delay in Sep was wrong
Huh. Tim Cook wants to MAKE CLEAR that it's NOT iPhone 7 and 7 Plus that are a drag on results.

It's the lower-end iPhones.  Apple
 Apple shorty on the run 
Stocks we'll be watching tomorrow.  Apple  LL  FAS  HD  FAS  GS  RDFN  BBBY  DWT  FSLR  LITE  BIDU  TAN  SVXY  QQQ  
THANK YOU  PIRATE1775 for watching there was a lot of info to get to!  Apple 😘💯 
The iPad is back! Units up ~15% year-on-year.  Apple  
Revenues, profits and iPhone sales are all on the rise for  Apple 
 Apple In October of 2015,with Apple trading sub  110, we got this gem from  marketwatch 
Apple Reports Third Quarter Results  Apple
 Apple R&D rose 15% to a record high of  2.9 billion and is now 6.5% of revenue, up from 6.0% last year and 4.1% two years ago.
Munster on  Apple: services growth of 22% vs. 18% est. is positive. We believe there's more than 800M daily active iOS users fueling growth
 aapl up nicely in AH 5%+. Tomorrow another up day for the markets it would seem.
When  Apple beats > > > 
Apple improved  Siri  by changing her name 
to  alexa 👍😂

 aapl
 applenews
.  tim_cook the god  Apple
I will say the camera is def better on  the Samsung. The overall s8 phone however is 💩.  Apple 
Apple  Apple UP on Q3 FY17 Earnings Webcast August 1 LIVE & Replay  Apple  stocks  investor… 
Will This Be Another Aimless August?  Apple 
Call the Stern show mañana. ATH  aapl
Yes!!!!  Apple !!  AfterHours 🍎
 Apple Being pessimistic does not serve you! When people start to learn this?
There was HUGE volume in  Apple Oct (80DTE)  220 Calls today.
I LOVE CONFERENCE CALLS IN FM QUALITY!  sorryforcaps  Apple
Up up up and away 🍏
 Apple
Hey have you heard  Apple has a lot of cash and could buy almost everything. 
 Apple cash up with  Apple debt. if only one could solve the other.
 Apple quaterly results 
Major upgrades coming  Apple cheers!  Tech  stocks  trading
Apple posts strong 3Q, provides upbeat forecast  Apple via  Barchart
Apple stock shoots to all time highs in after-hours trading following strong results.  Apple 
 Apple Positive earnings keeping  UVXY  TVIX  VIX on track, downward that is.  livetradepro
Moment of truth on  Apple ..... 
 Apple bulls won and winning, congrats 
CNETNews: Revenues, profits and iPhone sales are all on the rise for  Apple 
 Apple is playing childish gambino's redbone on the earnings call rn?? not mad about it
There will be yodelling in the Alps tomorrow!   Apple
Love me some  Apple earnings call hold music
Apple stock is, as of right now, at an all-time high.
 Apple
 Apple Another big Earnings winner called before the results. locked it in can't lose now. 
Wow  Apple.  261.5B in cash.  45.4B revenue. 41M iPhones. And this is Apple's "boring" quarter... 
 Apple remember when Apple was dead? When the "Apple trade is over (looking at you  marketwatch )?

That was fun. 
 satmarkit don't know if u saw this earlier before  Apple ER 
 Apple  iPhone8 rumor roundup:  Photos, renderings, reports  Apple 
Of course  Apple will help  NDX. It is 11.5% of the index approximately.  SPX  NDX  IWM
 Apple shorts who listened to that  150K annual sell-side analyst they paying for.... 
As services boost Apple earnings, investors look to a big boost from the iPhone 8 via  SiliconANGLE  iPhone  Apple
 Apple share repurchase remained at  7.1 billion in FQ3 and tops  31 billion over last 4 quarters.
 Apple hasn't see a higher price since....NEVER...cause it's at ATH again, bears!..... 
 Apple service rev 7.3B in Q3
 FB has TOTAL rev of 9.3B
FB trades at 2.5 times the multiple at 43 versus Apple at 17… 
Also curious if/how Business Services is driving HW sales and related affected margins.  Apple  Apple 
Watching  Apple Trade  Afterhours on  Earnings  apple  iPhone  macbook  stocks  trading  investing 
Lol    aapl being worth  900b with an  1100 brand new iPhone on the horizon....I have no position, but how could you pigs be long up here?
 Appleof course  Apple beat how could it not beat those crappy estimates? Blackberry could have beat that lol
 jimcramer  hblodget  Apple has huge earnings beat of  .10 per share. It is a stock to own! As I type this on my iPad!
Wish I copied  Apple  55 weekly calls trade 15 mins before close!  Easy 500% tomorrow
 Options  maxpain chart for  Apple. Free options app 
 Apple beats by  0.10, beats revs w iPhones in-line and gross margin at high end of guidance; guides Q4 rev in-line midpoint above consensus
 Apple Has to be (wait for it , wait for it) THE PEN !!!!! OOOO .. 
 Apple on a new bull fork, the goal is to shoot for the median line. That then becomes the over/under point for the… 
The question tomorrow will be if algos will fade  Apple like it did  AMD and  AMZN. If no, then tech might be running again.
Oh-oh-oh say can you see by the post-earnings light...  Apple trading as high as  158 after hours. 
May 15th intra-d… 
An  Apple a day boosts my 401k.
Earnings call about to start. Here's  timsteno breaking down  aapl earnings  24.8 billion or 55% of sales  cheddar… 
 Apple now has cash or equivalents of  261 Billion. They would be able to purchase the entire  NZX a couple of times over.Astonishing numbers
Services grew about 22% year over year and made up 16% of total revenue FY3Q17  Apple (3)
 Apple:

Apple Sales Rise, Pushed by Purchases of iPads and Macs:


I didn't expect  Apple higher with the reax trends lately no matter good or bad earnings. Pretty impressive.
Apple 3Q Earnings Call livestream starting now. Record earnings push  Apple to new highs.  
 Apple struggling in the low 158's so far with a high at 158.77
 Apple median line of this new bull fork 161's rhymes with a 7.5% move up from today's close. In Jan, that was initi… 
 Apple ER - BOOM TO THE MOON - Price met RESISTANCE. Need above  158 to continue to be great.  SPY 
Big Call Buyers  BoeingC  NEM  WFT  BUD  AN  HCLP  NRG  STX  TGT  HIMX  SQ  ALSN  CSX  MCD  GNRC  Apple  REGN  AMC
 Apple sold 41.03MM iPhones in 3Q17, up 2% YoY. Sold 11.4MM units of iPad and 4.3MM units of Mac for the quarter.
Odds favor 78 in  ES this week. After that 2480. Looks like  Apple might help out. A close below 70 will negate this setup fwiw
Just pure comedy all the clowns that come out of the woodwork on  Apple earnings days
 Apple lmao 😂 
lmao  aapl bumping dat pick up the phone beat on the conference call
Hates  Apple then sees the stock AH 
 option_snipper You were telling that you only play with very few names when someone asked for  Apple
Will  Apple add some excitement to a dull August?   jimcramer  DougKass
Watching  Apple Trade  Afterhours on  Earnings
--
 stocks  trading  investing  stocktrading… 
 Apple ROADMAP for 8/2 forward, post earnings:

 GuyAdami hmmm  Apple  134. A bit of a stretch. Do they pay u guys for advice?
 Apple ain't bringing any cash back to the US, would be just ignorant shit to do that.
 Apple im doubtful it gets much higher than low 160's
 Apple has a EPS of 1.67 . Low-cost iPad wand 10.5 iPad were good ideas.  Apple on a all time high. No reason to doubt of this company.
I have no position in  Apple but if I was going to short it, I would watch for a break of the VWAP from time of EPS release.
Evan Spiegel can't wait for lockup to end August 8th so he can buy   aapl
unfortunately, it won't be like  250B in Q3 2017

so growth slowdown

and also doomed lol  Apple 
 Apple gotta remember the market cap now is over 800billion so for this to move another 10pts would need to hear something epic on the call
congrats longs  Apple  jeffreycrowell
 aapl Earnings beat !!! 👌💪  158 pm hopefully it'll hold. 150 calls should be up nicely at the open 😎🤑 stocks should pop  baba  nvda
 Apple exploded by more than 5% AH today on earnings in a good agreement with this bullish forecast  stocks  Nasdaq
 Apple market cap increases one  DE after hours...
 15minofPham Of course  Apple makes up 11% component of the  QQQ.
Never bet against  Apple SMASHED  ER  earnings  Markets should rally tomorrow along with Apple if this holds up  SPY… 
 Apple  AMD  NVDA Tech  innovation impacts all other business sectors. This is the place to invest and create a better world to live in!!!!
 Apple sold 41.03MM iPhones in 3Q17, up 2% from the prior-year period.... 
 stocks  iphones… 
 Apple up 5+% after hours, and earnings just got a lot juicier 
Imagine trying to bet against Apple  Apple
 Apple  FB going to  200 by end of year
 Apple should buy  NFLX lol 
Next question is: Can  Apple earnings help carry  NQ_F over the 61.8% or is more consolidation in store? 
 Apple now its all about key words during conf call for next leg up or down here in AH
Finally the iPad returns to growth!  Apple 
 Apple Earnings, Revenues Beat  Apple 
Apple stock is, as of right now, at an all-time high.  Apple 
 Apple Beats -- Cash Hoard Now Amounts of Astonishing  261 Billion  SWKS  QCOM  FEYE  DXCM  PXD  ILMN  SPWR  FMI  
 Apple beat ER we need the tech industry to follow!  Investing
NEW POST: Stock Market Recap 08/01/17 {Video}  Apple  IWM  IYT  QQQ  SPY
Apple Jumps 5%: FYQ3 Beats, Q4 Rev View Tops Consensus via  BarronsOnline  investing  iphone  itunes  Apple
 EddyElfenbein Or iPhones for half a billion people!
 Apple  earnings  apple
 Apple Impresses: Not just a 10c EPS beat, but fastest YOY gain in 7 qtrs. Sales growth accelerates as well  Apple
You are the  Apple of my eye.  🍎 
Love  Apple but this cash hoard has to be put to use. Buy  NFLX or  TSLA or give   back to shareholders  Apple  iPhone
 Apple Y/Y change in rev was worst in China at -25%, Asia Pac best +15%, Americas +13%, Europe +11%.
 Apple 5,31% AH
StockTwits: You if you were short Apple into earnings

 Apple 
Little 2.5 yr old buddy Cole (SD 4.0) likes  7 AH rips in  Apple for his 18yr core with cost basis  120ish. Just needs  AMZN  900 now.
numbers i care bout most - services now 16% of overall sales up from 14%; china sales is 17% down from 21%  aapl
Services becoming increasingly important to  Apple as first pointed out to me by  srussolillo (2)
 Boeing  Apple:

Dow 22000 in sight with new record highs, Intel leads, Apple beats …:


So if U want to know "EVERYTHING" not to care about re:  Apple -- listen to  Cnbc 's last 5Min's on it.  LMAO
 LaMonicaBuzz Looks like  Dow22k happening tom after  Apple earnings
Will  Apple's surge take the rest of the tech sector with it? 🤔
 Apple benefits from Samsung's shooting itself in the foot
 aapl needs to do something with the cash. This is getting ridiculous. 
 Apple Beats -- Cash Hoard Now Amounts of Astonishing  261 Billion via  the_real_fly 
 BREAKING Apple price target raised. We're offering FREE iMac Pro's in December!  Apple  earnings  apple  imac2017… 
 StockTwits Thank you Janet!!!   Apple
 Apple 157.27 zone first support that i can see made now
 Apple stock surges to all-time high as forecast hints at strong sales boost via  sai  Apple
 Apple Up 5% After  Earnings
 stocks  trading  investing    apple  iPhone  ipad  applewatch 
 Apple gonna have the Nasdaq going crazy tomorrow lol
As  jimcramer says, just own  Apple, don't trade it. 
You if you were short Apple into earnings

 Apple 
 Apple saves the quarters after  AMZN  Google  MSFT bombed earnings. Now countdown to 324023952 articles on how much cash  Apple has.
This is Apple right now. Spiking after earnings and hitting NEW all-time highs.

 Apple 
 Apple Listen to Q3 2017 Apple Inc. Earnings Call (EPS 1.67 vs EST 1.606) live at 05:00 PM,ondemand after 
It's nice iPhone units improved, but my point still stands. Flat iPhone growth from 6S to 7 is NOT something Apple wants.  Apple
Solid take on  Apple stock. Hope this isn't your full-time gig. 
Do you know that  Book Value for  Apple is  25.76 
 SPY  Apple 'Mac unit sales: 4.292 million, flat' iPhone Units 41. mill Exp 41.1 And  260 Billion cash overseas worthless to investors in US
Apple beats on revenue and profits, sending shares up 5 percent after hours. But new iPhone timing is still hazy.  Apple
 Apple after-hours has theoretically pushed DOW up more than 50 points, meaning that index would break 22k for the 1st time if gains hold.
When your company absolutely crushes their earnings and you realize that maybe  realDonaldTrump is good for the eco… 
 Apple jumps on earnings 🤣
Gene Munster on  Apple earnings: 41M iPhone units inline with the Street. Positive given we didn't see slowdown ahead of iPhone 8 release
 Apple Rev Greater China 8.004 B , Americas = 20.376, Europe 10.675 B, Japan 3.624 B, and Rest of AsiaPac = 2.729 B.
 Apple up 1  EBoeingY after hours
Oaktree's Co-Chairman On FAANG Stocks: Valuations Are High But Coming Down  AMZN  Apple  GOOG  Google  NFLX  FB
Apple cruises past earnings and revenue ests. iPhone sales up 2% y-o-y. Solid Q4 revenue guidance  Apple 
 Apple just said fuck you to all analysts expecting another soft quarter. why you shouldnt listen to these goon FURUS on TV anymore  CNBC
 Apple is CRUSHING it after today's qtrly business report 🍎  Booyah
Watching  Apple stock like 
Never short a fruitcompany on earnings.  Apple
 Apple beats and blasts but lets get real. This ain't the  SteveJobs Heyday. Value yes. Growth no 
 Apple sooo fun, taking tomorrow off lol, cashed it in, might play again tmr
 Apple Up 5% After  Earnings 
--
 stocks  trading  investing  stocktrading  daytrading  options… 
 Apple buying the Vatican bank, cash and stock
 Apple right now 
Obligatory  Apple cash position tweet:  261 billion.
also,  aapl er good is VERY good for names w/ incoming er  nvda  baba. may see them both HIKING like rocket into er… 
Debated opening a position in  Apple, and debated and debated... now regretting all the debating.. oh well, still have capital for next time
BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  
I so should have buy  aapl this morning
I have to trust my guts more
 Apple has finally joined my 60%+ profit group in my Roth lol . Atta girl
 Apple. I want my weekly  150 calls back.  Bought the dip yesterday and sold before close.  Like playing safe.
 Apple trying to see if i can make a play for 160 scalp,but hard to simply enter long now after 8pt move 
 Apple at  157 AH price, market cap is over  815 B
Don't know anyone that was actually short  Apple going into earnings. Retail is heavily long biased so this  10 rip AH is all fresh buying.
Sales:  45.41 billion, up 7.2%
Net:  8.72 billion, up 11.9%
Adjusted EPS:  1.67  Apple
Apple earnings beat expectations, stock soars  aapl - 
 JustinPulitzer Darn, was hoping to get  Apple lower
Nice quarter  Apple

Q3 EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.
Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est.
iPad 11.4M units, up 15%
iPhone 41M units, up 2%
StockTwits: This is Apple right now. Spiking after earnings and hitting NEW all-time highs.

 Apple … 
barronsonline:  Apple Jumps 5%: FYQ3 Beats, Q4 Rev View Tops Consensus  Apple via barronstechblog
 FedPorn  federalreserve Is that an  Apple put option holder?
Tomorrow thanks to  Apple, the Dow and S&P futures will trigger an upside DeMark Sequential exhaustion red 13.  ENJO… 
 Apple - TV money managers don't know squat - iMessage - my kids don't even use it for text - they use SNAP, I-Gram, FB & ignore iMessage
Reuters: BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  
Do we still have to worry about the debt ceiling or can we just use some of  Apple cash?
 aapl  Apple jumps 5% to record high after earnings beat estimates
 iphone  ipad  macbook  earnings
Reuters: BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  … 
P/L: Total scratch day without the borrows on any of the easy plays.  Was down -1K until  CYTR late day sub 80 wash… 
Serious question: does Wall Street know how to value tech companies? When was last time  Apple missed earnings?
Who guessed iPhone ASP of  605?

Let me shake your hand.  Apple
Long  aapl 🙋🏻‍♂️  Options  WallStreet 
Long Live Apple Empire     !!!!  Apple
BREAKING:  Apple still printing money.  asyouwere 
 Apple and short triggered 
Apple  Apple shares soar as fiscal third-quarter earnings beat expectations - MarketWatch 
 davidmoble:  LaMonicaBuzz Son with all that cash  Apple needs to buy  Spotify  AMCX  FaradayFuture & invest HEAVILY in  AI, Augm…
 Apple  now 
Investors are "eating up" Apple  Apple after its revenue, earnings & iPhone sales beats.

(Get it?)

Trading up 5% i… 
 Apple services is a diamond in the rough that oft gets unnoticed Good revenue driver for ecosystem
 Apple broke 130 and has a Ministry of Culture.
Apple beats by  0.10, beats on revenue...
 Apple
All these analysts hated  Apple at 95 last year.  Now they all love it at 157.
Who would be shorting this thing heading into the biggest iPhone refresh in history?  Apple  iPhone8 
 LaMonicaBuzz Son with all that cash  Apple needs to buy  Spotify  AMCX  FaradayFuture & invest HEAVILY in  AI, Augm… 
do i feel stupid now staring at   Apple at 150  for 30mins waiting for their earnings report   jimcramer  MadMoneyOnCNBC
(4/n)

 Apple earnings

* Cash, etc  261.46 B 
All this without an  iPhone release  long  Apple  Apple 
Honestly didn't think we'd see new highs today. 🔥  Apple
 aapl. Wow. You can't find any negative in these numbers. Hello  160's.
 Apple DESTROYS EARNINGS!!! WOW!! LOOK AT THOSE CALL OPTIONS SOAR!! 
 40 swing on the  Apple earnings announcement 📈💰😀
 NQ_F and  Apple wow just wow!  NQ_F seems super extended to the upside can be a good short 5926 with a tight stop
Well that's a great  Apple quarter.
Yours truly had the most accurate  Apple iPhone sales estimate :) 
For the 6th consecutive quarter, Apple YoY revenue growth comes in under the S&P 500's growth. Strong?  Apple  SPX 
 Apple Beast mode AH,  QQQ raging w/ it. Tomorrow will be fun!
GREATEST. COMPANY. EVER.  Apple (1)
 Apple trades up 8 after earnings release. At the money straddle was 5.60
 Apple Soaring higher.  Trading at new all time highs after its earnings report.   livetradepro
Post earnings trivia:  Apple is now worth more than God+France put together. The Vatican, I mean...
Twelve South launches the BookBook Vol. 2  AppleWorldToday  Apple 
 GuyAdami I've owned  Apple since 2005 so guess again Johan
 Apple New high after new high on earnings!  beastmode  daytrading  investing  stocks… 
TFW when  Apple beats 
 Apple:

Apple Delivers Big Q3 Earnings Beat, Stock Hits All-Time High:


 Apple Jumps 5%: FYQ3 Beats, Q4 Rev View Tops Consensus  Apple via  barronstechblog
 Apple short squeeze to  162 ?
Apple  Apple +3.4% in after-hours trading after earnings beat  SPX  QQQ 

 Apple Bears who come on TV talking trash like they have an edge on china, supply chain, launch date, etc can all just STFU now!!
Average selling price for  Apple  iphone down to  605 from  654 last quarter. Sold more phones, but at a cost. Second quarter of ASP decline
I fucking KNEW  Apple was gonna kill it, but I got scared off from "gambling" cause of my  GOOG debacle last week! 😡😒
CNET : Despite iPhone 8 anticipation,  Apple reports a bump in iPhone sales …… 
hmmm, shouldn;t  VX futures be sub 10 post  Apple rampage?
 NQ  NDX  VIX  VXX
Awesome beat.  aapl
 aapl after hours already 158+. IF opens above 158 tmr, my 20 aug4 150c likely to be 8.5-9 from 2.14. SUPER er lott… 
 Apple ATH on ER gooooo
So with  Apple having  261B in cash, does that make a bond market correction their major headwind?
whoa is  Apple gonna hit 160?
A look into Apple's segment growth. Both services and other products jumping +20% year over year.  Apple 
Waiting for the fade  aapl
 Apple in my 3 stocks to buy in July . Come check out my august picks on Wednesday! 
The most accurate  Apple estimate is from  heyimsnuffles, beating 720 other analysts and the Wall Street Consensus - 
 Apple beats the Estimize EPS Consensus by 7c and the Estimize Revenue Consensus by  565.64M - 
Apple sells 41M iPhones, and sees surprising gain in iPad sales  Apple
 Apple reports FQ3 earnings of  1.67 EPS and  45.41B Revs - 
 Apple up  8 AH frantic short covering lol
 aapl going crazy off earnings
 Apple left 9g's on the table selling early, but this ER season has been whipsaw so far.
Apple  Apple Beats EPS  1.67 on sales of  45.4 billion v expected  1.57 EPS on sales of  44.89 billion  QQQ  ES_F… 
 Apple closing in on  160. Already at all-time-high  158.50.
 aapl took out both momentum levels for an after hours move/trade. Took out  154 & held &  156.65 & held.  Now  158+. Levels & prep helps
 Apple cash position:  260b. 😂😂
Shout it from the hilltops: Apple is surviving the winter! TROLOLOLOL

 Apple  guidance
 smartertrader  Apple just like  BIDU options were very cheap this report
(3/n)

 Apple earnings

* Product categories 
 Apple--Over  261 Billion Cash Hoard.
In the oh by the way department Apple is sitting on a 1/4 TRILLION of cash.  Apple. I guess they put some away for a rainy day.
iPad is another ASP puzzler.  435, then again, there isn't an iPad Pro anywhere near that price so that'll change in time, I think  Apple
 BarstoolNate congrats on more  Apple tendies brotha!
6 things to watch out for in Apple's earnings today  Apple 
REUTERS reports BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  
The move after hours in  Apple is extraordinary, 5.5+%
hey  Apple, if you want to unload some of that ridiculous cash hoard, you can make a check out to "bostoncharts"! :)
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    FB  NFLX  AMZN  AMD  BIDU  Apple  GS
dark side for  Apple? 
 Apple,  Apple Apple Delivers Big Q3 Earnings Beat, Stock Hits All-Time High - 
 Apple you can chase this one. one stock you can trust. earliest entry at 154.23. highest sell at 157.26. 3 points baby! it's still going up!
 Apple  Options OI chart. Free stocks app 
Patience. patience, patience.  Apple conference call in 16 minutes. Then the story will be clearer.  SPX  NDX  IWM 
F-me massive lot of  Apple weekly call chasers gonna get paid tomorrow
All the  Apple bears are suddenly quiet.  finance  Apple
 Apple 7 x 158= 1106+ 
Apple declares  0.63 dividend  Apple 
This tweet will make me feel better when my  Apple limit sell gets triggered tomorrow. 
 Apple looking good now 😁 
 Apple guidance implies FQ4 EPS of  1.72 -  1.93 vs consensus of  1.81.
in my july 29 Update I explained we where in the bullish chop zone, even if  Apple was to go down the key was the pivot we never touched
Despite iPhone 8 anticipation,  Apple reports a bump in iPhone sales 
BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  Reuters
 Apple Apple's Forecast Signals Strong Sales of New iPhones This Year 
 Apple up over 5%  158s 
(2/n)

 Apple earnings

* Services 
After Hours: 157.18 +7.13 (4.75%)
 Apple  EarningsRoulette 🍏
Tim Cook right now 🤣 🤣

 Apple 
 Apple adding to my war chest. Good lord what a beat!!
StockTwits: Tim Cook right now 🤣 🤣

 Apple 
 Apple conference call: Over/ Under is 7 for, 
"Great quarter, guys"

 aapl
 aaplconferencecall
Apple services revenue rose 22% year over year to  7.3 billion  Apple
 Apple--Up over 6%
 Apple load baby load....
 NQ_F Mini-naz getting after hours support thanks to  Apple.  Trading_Tech 
Wow.  Apple crushed it. Imagine what will happen when they actually release legit new products in H2.  Apple
Apple CEO Tim Cook highlights third consecutive quarter of accelerating growth:  Apple… 
 Apple yesterday with 8,500 added to OI, looking like a solid pay-day, like it to hold near  160 for the calendar sp… 
"There are easier shorts out there".
                                   - ancient Greek philosopher Oreolanus, on  Apple
Haters gone hate...playas gone play  Apple 👊  myview 
Benzinga: Apple Delivers Big Q3 Earnings Beat, Stock Hits All-Time High  Apple
Apple Delivers Big Q3 Earnings Beat, Stock Hits All-Time High  Apple via  benzinga
Apple could not have done it without the tremendousness of Donald J. Trump.

 Apple
Update:  Apple 5% higher on scorching hot sax solo. 
 Apple up 4.8% post earnings in AH trading 

 HighTide will float all  HighTechs 
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 results by geography.

Americas: 45%
Europe: 24%
China: 18%
Japan: 8%
Rest: 6%

China sales down… 
REUTERS: BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  
 SPY  Apple  iPhone unit sales: 41.0 million, up 1% vs expectations of 41.1 million hmmmmmm........
 Apple Solidifies Frontrunner Status In  1 Trillion Race

Now Worth  820 Billion After Q2 Earnings Beat


 Apple I started making money in stocks once I stopped watching CNBC and started doing my own research!
 Apple  261.5B in cash. unreal
 Apple: iPad 11.4M units, up 15%
iPhone 41M units, up 2%
Mac, 4.3M units, up 1%
Rev.  45.4B, up 7% >  44.89B est
EPS… 
 Apple haters gonna say 

photoshopped 🤷🏻‍♀️ wasn't a big bet just 50 contracts average 2.65 but still 
 optionbag This Was A Huge Beat on Profit, Revenue & Forward Guidance.  Apple--Going Higher.   GST
 Apple is trying to  MTSA ( Make Tech Sexy Again. )
like I shit you guys not, trading  Apple before earnings release is a fool proof way of making money. This shit never seems to go down..
 aapl er good is VERY bad for  tsla - if   so-so, crash like hell. still 50/50 odd see 287 then back to 300 FAST. I… 
congratulation  aapl fans

+5% up

 tsla we are waiting 🔥
This is what it's all about!  DRYS  Apple  FB  TWTR  TradeSocially 
 Apple:

Apple Jumps 5%: FYQ3 Beats, Q4 Rev View Tops Consensus:


More on the  Apple beat:  iPhone sales up 3.3% YOY, iPad sales up (!) 1.9%, Mac sales up 6.7%.  Apple sees revenue of  49B- 52B in Q4
 Apple  FB never bet against them.
 aapl oops. I was too bubbled up I don't notice these details. 
 Apple  patent 9,723,399: Electronic device including acoustically isolated pass...  tech  IP 
Somewhat interestingly, Mac ASP is  1300, much lower sequentially than the  1390ish from FQ2.  Apple
*gasp* look at all that money they made  Apple !
Apple cash:  261.5B. Up from  256.8B last Q. Good Lord! And good night! Looking forward to officially getting back to work tomorrow!  Apple
 Apple +4.83% ah and company have  261.3B of cash as of Q3. Market cheers.
 Apple long 157.01
 Apple beats on almost every metric including guidance. Nicely done  tim_cook  
 Apple Good job Tim Cook 
Payne Capital Management's Ryan Payne calls Apple's positive Q3 results a "big, big surprise."  CheddarLIVE  Apple 
 Apple posts strong  45.4 billion in revenue on growing sales of 41 million  iPhones 
 Apple padding the pockets baby. that's enough fun for today. 
 Apple - 25 in 2 weeks. Junk stock.  kidding  stocktwits  sarcasm  haha  apple  twitter
 Apple attacks  ATH after earnings beat.  Can it break out? Struggling a bit    157.50. Waiting for CC.  Mooch or  Kelly ?
Apple’s services business is on a TEAR 

completely killing the cyclical nature of Apple’s earnings, just as they w… 
 aapl  Great beat if stay above  157 AH we might see  160 + tomorrow
BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.   klout  maga
 Apple with a great quarter
 Apple UP 5% AH
"Praise be to  Apple. Thou stocketh can do no wrong," said the analyst. 
Apple's cash pile reaches new record high of  261.5B, up  4.67B from last quarter.  aapl
FAANG stocks. Three up   FB  Apple  NFLX an two down  AMZN  Google.
Do you know that  WallStreet price for  Apple is  160.75 
 Apple servers at investor site churning... meanwhile, stock up 4.75% afterhours.
 Apple Valuation, profitability and cash flow snapshot 
 Apple's fiscal 2017 third quarter corporate cash tops  261 billion.  spglobaldeals
Apple: We also returned  11.7B to investors during the Q, bringing cumulative capital returns under our program to almost  223B.”  Apple
Then again maybe I'm wrong abt the vitality of tablet market! iPad shipments up for 1st time in 14 quarters.  aapl
 Apple BOOM!!!!!!
 Apple roaring... shares up nearly 5% in after hours trading
Guidance is...kind of bonkers. Much higher than the Street was expecting

Management is confident in the 8. Or whatever iPhone Next is  Apple
 Apple just glad i gave it a trim, not a haircut.
 FnBeast
 AMZN,  Google--Going UP on  Apple Beat!
 GlobalProTrader  GS_CapSF  jfahmy  MarkYusko  TommyThornton  JustinPulitzer  jessefelder So here we are a week lat… 
 Apple beat on earnings but does anyone think rally an survive a conference call comment on a delay in  iPhone8? Thi… 
 RedDogT3 The  150 calls for this week were only  2 and change  Apple
Apple is now up 4.6% AH to  157. Shares have made new highs.  Apple
 Apple up almost 5 percent after Q3 results
Apple Sales Rise, Pushed by Sales of iPads and Macs - WSJ

 Apple 🍎🌹👍🏽 
 RampCapitalLLC Aprox 94.85 million  BTC . Next up  Apple coin? Start their own currency and country...
Apple expects sales of  49-52 billion in the three months to September, analysts projected  49 billion  Apple
 Apple nice numbers both top & bottom & didn't lower guidance. Bully,now need 2 decide whether 2 sell into strength or loss of momentum
All this  Apple HYPE for just  8!  NFLX GOES UP  20 on a Beat with NO HYPE
ReutersBiz: BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  
ReutersBiz: MORE: Apple shares extend gains, rise 4 percent after the bell  Apple
Revenue Growth, year-over-year...
 FB: +45%
 NFLX: +33%
 AMZN: +25%
 Google: +21%
 Apple: +6%
 Dow22k tomorrow, thanks  Apple.
ReutersTech: BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  … 
ReutersTech: MORE: Apple shares extend gains, rise 4 percent after the bell  Apple 
CNETNews: Despite iPhone 8 anticipation,  Apple reports a bump in iPhone sales 
minus the fact that  Apple is just a large percent of the  SPY and  QQQ do we really give a shit about it? NOPE.
 Apple Cupertino, we have lift off! 
More investment opportunity losses today 4  twtr longs, literally could have invested in about ANYTHING else & made more 💰.  aapl  jack  biz
Tim Cook tells  trippmickle that chatter of new iPhones hurt sales but that "bodes well for the future"  Apple 
 Apple A nice day for Warren Buffett and all Apple stock owners +4.7% after hours after earnings 
Beat!  aapl 
 Apple beats by 10c, beat on rev.  iPhone 41m vs 40.7m expected. Services +22%  7.3B (better than exp.) +4.75% AH… 
 Apple is slightly ahead of the expected  5.80 strangles  HBI is also sharply higher and Crude oil plunges on bad API data- so far so good
 Apple upside from ipads/Macs- now that's something new...
 aapl Ha ha they said it was over. Asshat analysts!! Tomorrow tech!!  AMD
Heyyy, iPhone grew!

And Apple DID decide to fire up the jets on iPad unit production!

 Apple
Apple shares add 4.7% after hours, which translates to, ya know,  37 billion of stock-market value created.  Apple
At this rate,  Apple is going to provide this countries next bailout lol
 Apple Own it don't trade it. Too many cynics that always underestimate this awesome co. 1,000,000,000,000 soon
Now see if  aapl holds  156- 156.50 as it's above the measured move of the calls. 
 ReformedBroker You would be up 68% on  Apple if you listened to Donnie at Axe Capital when he said it still had room to run
 Apple all-time coke-addled highs after hours mother fuckers!!
 Apple good earnings today 
 JDuda Guess I was right  Apple  tech  trading 
 Apple Locked in my trade after hours boom !!!
Apple did about  504 million is sales per day in Q3  aapl

Apple set better than expected guidance for Q4 which most likely means the next iPhone ships sometime in September.

🙌  Apple
BREAKING: Apple shares trade above intraday record high of  157 after Q3  Apple earnings.  - Reuters
 Apple that is the definition of a beautiful earnings report right there
 Apple looking good in after hours 
 Apple beats on Q3  earnings:  1.67 vs forecast for  1.57 (and last year's  1.42).  Apple stock up 5% in after-hours  trading.
 aapl Apple Inc. after hours trading above buy px.  one to watch tomm.  stocks  investing
Wow  Apple CALLS will be up 400% if they don't squash this by open
 Apple ER.....Sweet :) 

Been LT since 2006 & keeping it that way
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 results by product category, unit sales:

iPhone: 41m (+2%)
iPad: 11.4m (+15%)
Mac: 4.3m (+1%)… 
 Apple  record highs,  UVXY killed again.
45,4 milliards de dollars, pas mal.  Apple
Waiting on apple's  Apple earnings like 
 Apple sept 160 calls OI showing the highest volume 94000 contracts,,sept sept155 38000..call buyers will bank, puts toasted  follow  volume
Hey Timmy  timseymour 
Yes, you said "There's no reason to own  Apple before the 4th Quarter."
That starts TODAY for… 
Apple Q3 Earnings // Revenue:  45.4 billion (vs.  44.95B estimate) / EPS:  1.67X (vs.  1.57)  Apple
Not a bad quarter for  Apple, but the good news is really in that there likely no delay in the new iPhone iteration.
 SylvaCap WRONG!  aapl  aapl NOW at all-time high 
 Apple took a small position at  149 on the last dip around 3:20. Glad I did. 🍏
Apple  Apple revenue rises on higher-than-expected iPhone shipments 

 APPLE buyers latch on to surprise iPhone beat. Least likely win sees  Apple sell 41.03m in Q3 vs 40.7m estimated. Shares jump 3% after hrs
Quite surprised by  Apple earnings this quarter! I ain't complaining tho! 😁
 jimcramer It's a good day to own  Apple!
This is insane, they should buy a country  aapl 
 Apple Apple jumps 4% after earnings beat estimates 
Where's the  Apple wolf?? 
 Apple beats and jumps AH,  FB  AMZN and Fang Stocks follow - Wed Fang up shorts squeezed looking for new highs
 Apple possible pivot for short play 
 Apple  Apple jumps 4% after  earnings beat  estimates 😲 revenues  EPS  fiscal  WallStreet  
 Apple +5% afterhours at new all-time high over  157
Keep watch on "suppliers" like  CRUS  INVN  SWKS  QRVO  QCOM  NXPI  AVGO  TXN  KYO  OLED
Holy mother of tendies  Apple
 Apple has x6 more cash than  GILD 
 Apple at  183 this will be worth 1 trillion market cap. thats fkn nuts
 Apple beats ALL (present and future) expectations. Impossible to be more bullish!!  WS
 Apple up 4%, to new 52-week high.  finance  Apple
WOW!! Once again  Apple retail call chasers get paid.  
Market makers forced to sell premium...
 NQ  NDX 
 Apple ATH 
 TRMX  BolsaMX 
 Apple making all cash offer for the US Treasury
i'm so old i recall  Apple earning  1.85 on  49.6bln in revs in Q3 2015 

stock was  110-120 back then 

now  157 on  1.67 on  45.4 bln
 Apple with a beat! 
 Apple poised for 20/50 day SMA bullish cross tomorrow.
 Apple reports a 12% profit rise, and shares go vertical after hours  AppleEarnings 
 Apple press release on Q3 2017 earnings  Apple  finance
bespokeinvest: Apple market cap back above  800 billion.  Apple
via charliebilello: Revenue Growth, year-over-year...
 FB: +45%
 NFLX: +33%
 AMZN: +25%
 Google: +21%
 Apple: +6% 
 aapl  shop today was a good day.
Revenue Growth, year-over-year...
 FB: +45%
 NFLX: +33%
 AMZN: +25%
 Google: +21%
 Apple: +6% 
 Apple going crazy AH! 
 CramerClub You knew  Apple earnings were going to be good once  JimCramer sold it earlier this week.
Good Guy  Apple
 Apple after hours. 
Great Q3 2017 by  Apple :-)
 Apple Q4 revenue projections upwards of 52 Million… signals no delay for the new  iphone8
 Apple  157 X 7 ~  1100 stock post split. 👍😎
 Apple ER on paper looks good. hopefully guidance gets an upgrade too!  AMD
Apple Delivers Big Q3 Earnings Beat, Stock Hits All-Time High  Apple
Nas futures absolutely ripping on  Apple earnings here
 BreakingNews  Apple  apple  aapl  earnings  RealTime Solid beat top & bottomline Q3  guidance Q4 rev 49-52B vs. 49B est; margin disappoints
 AAPl raises guidance for next quarter for  49B- 52B (estimates were  49.1B)
 Apple up 4.58% after reporting earnings that beat consensus estimates  buynow
 Apple:

Apple’s Forecast Signals Strong Sales of New iPhones This Year:


Just in:

E. V. E. R. Y. O. N. E. from  CNBC is bullish on  Apple. 
 Apple  157  trading above the 52 week high
41m iPhone sold in the qtr.      Apple
Just released forefast from  aapl looks to me like no delay in iPhone 8. With no Touch ID why would there be?
 Apple cash pile rises to 4.67T Pesos
appleinsider:  Apple posts strong  45.4 billion in revenue on growing sales of 41 million  iPhones … 
BREAKING:  Apple releases who cares results
Seems like F4Q margin guidance of 37.5% to 38% is a dash light, looking for 38.3%. Otherwise rev. seems solid.  Apple 
 Apple keep in mind upper boll on monthly >160. so really NO ceiling for it. may even see 165-170 near term. my 20 a… 
Does anyone really listen to Wedbush?   Apple
Has anyone checked in on YoloWolf now that  Apple earnings are out?
 Apple up 4.89% after hours 
Apple Jumps 4%: FYQ3 Beats, Q4 Rev View Tops Consensus; iPad is the Star - Tech Trader Daily -  Apple 
 Apple could payoff  NFLX's debt... 13 times!  Perspective 👀
And  Apple is up huge. All those analysts saying it would fall, SMH. Expect it to go to 240 in one year.
 Apple watch everyone's gonna be like 

CONGRATS! WE ARE SO GLAD WE HELD OUR IMAGINARY CALLS!

if missed;

OMG SO GLAD WE SOLD BEFORETHE BELL
Congrats  realDonaldTrump on those  Apple earnings. They sucked in China but that's good.  MAGA you're keeping this company great. Well done
 Apple beat- ripping faces AH's
 Apple Guidance better than expected.  Should move a lot higher but need to listen to the conference call.  Watch stock in after-hr at 6:00pm
 jimcramer  Apple.  Happy days are here again!!!!
Apple  Apple Tops Q3 EPS by 10c - 
WOW.  Apple 
Also do yourself a favor, & don't short  Apple at that 156.72 line either 😂😂
 36 billion added to Apple market cap after the bell. In10 minutes.  Crazy market.  Apple
I've got 162.39 then 165.55 if ATH holds as support  Apple
 aapl has 261b in cash. Just buy Canada already, for f sake.
 Apple at all-time high
There she goes 🚀  aapl 
Wow and idiots were shorting  Apple. My calls up huge tmrw. Nice pay day :)
ReutersBiz : MORE: Apple shares extend gains, rise 4 percent after the bell  Apple (via Twitter… 
An Apple a day baby.  Apple
 Apple tearing higher after hours. Up 4.7% to  157.
 DougKass Especially those that perpetually hate  aapl
crude getting smoked off of that Q3 iPhone number  Apple  OOTT
 Apple  at all time highs in AH
Another look at the  Apple thrills and chills post earnings.  SPX  NDX  IWM 
 Apple  157s in after hours...all time high 
Been busy today and got in  Apple last minutes at 3:50pm with some  155 calls while at 149 and change... quick money on the beat!
Retweeted Lee Garcia ( leegarcia121):

Apple  Apple hits record cash pile of  261.5 billion 
 Apple
Sold another lot    156.00
I plan on buying lower.
=^.^= 
Farm that cash!  aapl 
Apple Q3 earnings Report: EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.; Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est. •  Apple
 Apple is up 4% after hours, earnings beat market projections - with that I'll consider myself 5/5 on making profit trading apples. ez pz
Results matter, encouraging results from  Apple, still waiting for the market in India to materialise.  DiMartinoBooth  Todd_Murphy1  rr0710
Above  157 after hours  Apple 
 Apple Yes! 
 Apple:

Apple (Apple) Tops Q3 EPS by 10c:


Apple sales figures by unit:
Mac: 4.29 million
iPad: 11.4 million
iPhone: 41 million - MW  Apple
 Apple all time highs after hours today .. above  157
Apple  Apple up 4.5% in after hour trade - Q3 iPhone unit sales 41.03Million vs market estimate of 40.7M.  Q3 revenue  45.41 billion  tech
Phone Sales: Up 3.3% 

iPad Sales: Up 1.9% 

Mac Sales: Up 6.7% 

 Apple
MORE: Apple shares extend gains, rise 4 percent after the bell  Apple
 aapl still climbing 😳😳
 SPY  Apple Yikes  TuesdayThoughts 
 Apple plus the solid business activity data from today is just what this market needed.  bullmarket  spx2700
 Apple huge beat Boooom
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 results below.

Revenue +7%, earnings +17%.
International sales are 61% of overall.
Quarterly re… 
Apple's  Apple cash pile reaches new record high of  261.5B, up  4.67B from last quarter
The important  Apple  's Q4 est: revs  49-52 bln vs  49.23 bln Capital IQ Consensus Estimate; sees gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38%
 Apple will help push  AMZN higher tomorrow
After 13 consecutive quarters of y/y declines in iPad units, it has returned to growth.  Apple
 CNBCFastMoney said we would see  Apple in the  130s after earnings based on the chart. Genius!!  GuyAdami 
 Apple now has  261 billion in cash.
Apple  Apple Tops Q3 EPS by 10c 
6% Earnings beat  Apple
 Apple will take us to the promise land tomorrow.  WeMadeIt  Dow22K
Sweet Jesus. Congratulations to  tim_cook & everyone at  Apple on a great quarter. Your investors thank you.👊😀 applesforclosersonly
Apple  Apple hits record cash pile of  261.5 billion 
 chigrl Wtitten in de stars  Apple up as much as  Crude is down
Apple  Apple just delivered a very strong second quarter. Strong growth on both the top and bottom line.… 
 Apple hit that 156.72 line lol. Damn. If you bet long calls in that support zone you'll be happy tomorrow.
 Apple...that is always fun
 Apple guidance calculates to  earnings of  1.72 to  1.93 per share - in-line with estimates… 
 Apple Tim Cook Gets it done again!!!
 Apple maybe one push higher then short 
Apple revenue rises on higher-than-expected iPhone shipments  Apple
 Apple beats on earnings & revenue. Up 3.5% after-hours.  Apple  earnings 
 Apple TIME TO COVER SHORTS!!!
~4% move in  Apple so far.. what did it price in? im sure more than that...
Worth noting that  Apple greater China revenue was down. Only underperforming figure. Tougher market
 SPY  Apple No position but it wasn't THAT big of a beat-And  1000 for the iPhone8  Fuckthat Nobody can afford that-50% increase......
 Apple might be time to redraw it. as it dates back to and is drawn off the first 3 major pivot points in 2016. 
 Apple nice Guidance, NOT 
 Apple Pepto goes to bears this time. Congrats bulls! 
 Apple guidance on Sept quarter suggests a Sept release date for iPhone 8
Every  Apple SHAREHOLDER RN 
Well, I guess that explains the auto sales debacle.  Folks spending their money on new iPads.  Apple
Apple beats by  0.10, beats on revenue  Apple
 Apple slays it.  I always wonder about those who short it when there's so many worse companies out there.
 Apple thanks for the after hours profits!   700 in the bank 
Apple Revenue Growth, YoY: +6%.  Apple 
Let's see some  200 price targets in  Apple tomorrow AM!
 Apple If this phone cojmes in just under  1000 everyone will think it's cheap after all this hype.  strategery
 Apple Flying the AH
An  Apple bear getting upset on CNBC lol
Apple Q3 earnings Report: EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.; Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est. •  Apple 
 Apple implied move was 3.6% and up 4%.  Any comment on call about delay in iphone 8 and it's down tomorrow
 askslim  Fiberton Seems like  Apple ruined the down move.
 Apple Listen to the Earnings Call at 5 pm ET here: 
 Apple just rocketing...all Analysts r wrong...or nearly.. 
Guess everyone but me is making money A/H today.  Apple all time highs. That's why ill never GAMBLE on ERs. Fun playing the guessing game😀
 Apple  ...Thanks for beating earning and the ride higher.
 aapl ripped through the handle and went straight for that 52 week
how is it that  cnbcjosh can 'ask'  tim_cook about  apple results a single minute before  aapl earnings release

 cnbcclosingbell
 QQQ  Apple Tech sector should be strong tomorrow off the back of the  Apple earnings beat.
Is  Apple back or still doomed? Asking for a friend.
 AAPl  FEYE  earnings report 
 Apple boom
 Apple BEATS = Bull market  SPX  QQQ  Apple  FB  Boeing  JPM  C. Aug is likely to see  SPX 2550-2600.
LOL  SaraEisen Wedbush just can't stand it that  aapl is doing good, even with a possible delayed iPhone.

Services WOW 

 GuyAdami
 Apple  earnings 1.67, 3c ahead of whisper number, 10c ahead of analysts, and the whisper number still most accura... 
Just barely over YOY growth on  Apple with iPhone sales.
Monster company  Apple 
(Global Equities probably will rally on Wed!!!!)  Apple beats EPS by  0.10, beats on revenue  Apple
Apple revenue grows in Americas, Europe, Japan, Rest of Asia EXCEPT China where it fell about 25 pct. Year over year.  Apple
 aapl wowing in the A/H
Here's why  Apple near all time highs in after hours 
Been an  Apple hodler for 10 YEARS today. 
Just in: Apple earnings fuel a stock pop after hours.

Over the last 3 months:
41 million iPhone sales 
11.4M iPads 
4.3M Macs
 Apple
I guess  Apple earnings were good...  win
 Apple Crushed it nice job to those who jumped in, I'd rather miss out than risk it on the   earnings  suprise
 Apple Nice! No position. Looks like she wants  160.
iPhone sales up, iPad Sales up (First in previous quarter) - All sector sales up, watch is stagnant as expected…  Apple
 Apple reports strong. 
As you watch Apple's stock post-earnings, consider: 
Intraday record high  156.65, set on May 15;
Closing high  156.10, set on May 12.  Apple
 Apple whoo hoo! congrats bulls
CML Pro earnings today:

+ 11  SHOP 
+ 15  ILMN (AH) - early
+ 5  Apple (AH) - early

Get Pro:… 
 Apple YES!
Apple Stock Climbs After-Hours on Q3 Beat  Apple via  TheStreet
 Apple up huge AH. Guidance didnt get cut, wow!
 Apple Earnings release (which they call "Third Quarter") from company site: 
 Apple ...happy
 Apple Yadda Yadda Yadda , for those Sinfield fans …. Maybe a nice fade on the open in the AM ….. 
 Apple  156 AH lol
 Apple if this sticks, 157.5= top of the bull fork. However, that 30 day run to new ATH May 5-June 6th kept price up out the too pf the fork
There was a mountain of evidence to own  Apple *before* this report but hey, to each their own.
good ole'  Apple. hopefully the market can start moving again.
 Apple so let me see if get this straight: past Thursday never happened, right?
Shares of Apple jumping in after-hours on top/bottom beat, now up 4%. Perhaps it's Dow 22,000 tomorrow morning after all.  Apple
As usual, another massive holding of the CBs,  Apple, gets taken to the moon over a marginal beat. Thankfully it's also my largest holding.
BIGGEST AH MOVES:  Apple ROCKETS, OIL Tanks  OOTT 
Apple revenue rises on higher-than-expected iPhone shipments  Apple

 Apple +4%  156.00 AH Tops Q3 EPS by 10c
I don't get why people love  aapl so much. 62% of profit comes from one product. Plus, their security features are overrated.
Nice ATHs for  Apple ... lets go  TQQQ
 Apple 1.618 Fib Ext is 162.39
My new PT for  Apple is  250 because I need a new iPhone.
Retweeted TradeWithSuper ( TradeWithSuper):

Benzinga: Apple Sees Q4 Sales  49B- 52B vs  49.21B Est.  Apple
Apple market cap back above  800 billion.  Apple
 aapl so much for "wait and see" - raises guidance and delivers a huge services  , up 3+% in AH
 Apple boom boom 💥 be smart and trade with  smartertrader smashing ER all over 🤑 thank you SAM  kingofoptions
JUST IN: Apple beats on revenue ( 45.4B vs.  44.9B EST) and EPS ( 1.67 vs.  1.57 EST). More to come on  cheddar.  CheddarLIVE  Apple
 Apple Look out for the BULL. Apple BULL! 
 Apple

After-hours: 156.20
 Dow22k on Apple results beat tomorrow?  Apple RO
 JordanGoeman Infact..  Apple rallies as i typed that. A-holes bidding it up! I guess we will see in the AM.
Panic: The Story of Modern Financial Insanity by Michael Lewis:  SPY  IWM  RUT  VIX  Apple
Huge earnings beat for Apple!!! I love his company!!!  Apple
Apple  Apple shares up 6% after strong earnings
 Apple looking good, as I stated previously  147 -  148 was great level to hold 
Bull market  SPX  QQQ  Apple  FB  Boeing  JPM  C. As mentioned for weeks, Aug is likely to see  SPX 2550-2600. First step in that direction.
 Apple to deliver new ATH in  SPX tomorrow..
Oh, an  Apple fo the teacher!
 Apple; pump and dump?
 Apple what is it like  850 Billion market cap ?
Selling some on this  Apple pop. Next week there will be some stupid rumor on iPhone 8 😏
 Apple in out +15,600 
The iPad is doomed. Apple is doomed.  Apple
Sales:  45.41 billion, up 7.2%

Net:  8.72 billion, up 11.9%

Adjusted EPS:  1.67  Apple
 Apple CRUSHES EARNINGS! EPS beat by 10 cents!  long  calls 
 Apple 3Q China revenue down 10% - DJ
 Apple all timers AH yo. 157
 Apple going bat shit crazy a/h!! Beats on the top and bottom line
Good guidance from  Apple here.  finance  Apple
At least we know that  Apple can bail us out when shit gets real
Apple beats on earnings and revenue. Up 3.5% after hours.  Apple 
 Apple up 4% and climbing
Shorter  Apple Q3: Bleep you, tech blogs!
 Apple up 4% in after hours
Everybody on Twitter was negative on  Apple. Cue the experts who were super long and have HUGE PROFITS!!
 Apple trading 155-156 post-close on earnings.. So far, so good to be involved, eh? 
Benzinga: Apple Reports Q3 iPhone 41M, iPad Units 11.42M, MAC 4.29M Units  Apple
Benzinga: Apple Reports Q3 EPS  1.67 vs  1.57 Est., Sales  45.4B vs  44.89B Est.  Apple 
 aapl nice beat and already 156+ after hours. these aug4 150c should up super IF opens above 155 tmr. 
Apple up 3.7% after strong earnings report.  finance  Apple
wow...Waits 10 min:
 Apple hits all time highs in after hours trading 
Big Q2 beat from  Apple. High end of range on revs & earnings.
 Apple Q3 EPS of  1.67 beats by  0.10.

Revenue of  45.4B (+7.2% Y/Y) beats by  510M. 
Apple earnings always seem to bring out the trolls.  Apple 
 aapl  Apple Reports Third Quarter Results via  YahooFinance  iphone  macbok  ipad
 Apple looks in line but seeing a few negatives. conf call could change the outlook
Apple  Apple 2017Q3 results:

Revenue:  45.41b
Net Income:  8.72b
iPhone sales: 41m

All beat analyst estimates. Will post more momentarily.
 Apple beats on EPS and revenue with EPS  1.67 (above  1.57 expected) and revenue  45.4B (above  44.9B expected).  finance  Apple
 Apple Q3 iPhone Shipments 41.03M vs. 40.5M expected
 Apple BOOM MONEY BoeingBY
Retweeted Farris BoeingBoeing ( farrisbaba):

I'm checking out  Apple Big Mama 
 Apple up over 3% after hours after posting a favorable earnings report 🤑 Nice work  Apple  tim_cook 👍 
Apple revenue rises on higher-than-expected iPhone shipments latest on via  theanyageorge
 StephenNellis  Apple
 aapl  spx  vix market will rocket tomorrow sorry guys bulls won again i know charts say otherswise 
Apple Q3 EPS:  1.67 vs  1.57 est on  45.4B vs  44.89B est.  Apple
 Apple Second best revenue quarter in company history! Stock already moving. Setting tone for 22,000  dowjones tomorrow
 Apple beats earnings estimates by 6.3%.  1.67 actual versus  1.57 estimate. Stock up 3.5% in after hours trading.
 ReformedBroker Lol! And most of them got it wrong. This was supposed to be the throw away quarter, and  Apple just crushed it!
 aapl boom up 5 , talked of sept calls volume earlier
Is  Apple dead?
 Apple strong move on modest beat; not chasing but call buyers will be happy
 Apple Apple shares jump after earnings report 
There's the apple I know and miss  aapl
 Apple Apple Inc. reports EPS of  1.67 (beat) on REV of  45.4B (beat). Shares up 3.5% in AfterHoursTrading.  Apple  APPLE
Thanks  Apple for a solid ER. I'll sleep well tonight.
 Apple amazing
 Apple up 3.5%. 
 Apple
YAY!! THE SELL ORDER I PUT IN BEFORE CLOSE    155 GOT HIT.
BUH-BYE!
=^.^=
Yaaas queen  aapl
LETS GO  Apple!!!! Nice ER!!!
 Apple rises over 3% in post-market after decent results RO
iPad is BoeingCK!  Apple
 iamkoshiek  aapl long term  175- 180?
 Apple Apple Q3 EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.; Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est.
 Apple 156+ ATH's next on deck
 APPLE SEES 4Q REV.  49B- 52B, EST.  49.1B  aapl  jimcramer  carlquintanilla  davidfaber  tim_cook  jack  JeffBezos… 
 Apple F3Q earnings:
EPS:  1.67 (vs.  1.57 est.)
Revenue:  45.41B (vs.  44.89B est.)
iPhones: 41.0M

*Booyah*

 Apple

I'm checking out  Apple Big Mama 
 Apple wow
 Apple + 5 after earnings. so far market likes what they saw.
 Apple--Also, Guidance Higher.
Retweeted ( Benzinga):

Apple Reports Q3 iPhone 41M, iPad Units 11.42M, MAC 4.29M Units  Apple
 Apple cant believe that filled 
 Apple BEASTTTTTT
 Apple Beats on all  likefolio

Revenue 45.4 vs 44.9
iPhone Sales: 41M vs 40.5M
EPS:  1.67 vs  1.57

Stock up  5AH i… 
Let's see this break all timers.  Apple 156.89
 Apple - wow! This was supposed to be a throw-away quarter and Apple beats by over 500 million in revenue! Trillion dollar company by 2018!
 Apple Actual 1.67 E, 45.4 B Rev 
 Apple nice beat big move coming in hot 
good  Apple numbers, services +22%
 Apple impressive all round.
 Apple Revenue up  45.41B over the estimate of  44.89B
Apple beats on revenue and profit. Up 2.7 pct in after-hours  Apple
is  Apple a trillion dollar company yet?
Breaking: Cijfers Apple  Apple 
Apple EPS  1.67, Exp.  1.57
*APPLE SEES 4Q REV.  49B- 52B, EST.  49.1B
Fruity…  Apple 
 Apple Apple Sees Q4 Sales  49B- 52B vs  49.21B Est. Apple Reports Q3 iPhone 41M, iPad Units 11.42M, MAC 4.29M Units
 Apple launch mode
oh no...china  Apple
Apple EPS  1.67 topping estimates of  1.57  Apple
The smart     (facetious) in  Apple trading earnings and not conference call. Here they come around the 1st turn.… 
 Apple popping 4% to  155, must be good results and guidance.
Apple Sees Q4 Sales  49B- 52B vs  49.21B Est.  Apple
BOOM.   Apple

Disclosure: Retardo long.
Apple put up a nice number. Up  5 AH. Coming on  CNBCClosingBell in a few minutes. Good numbers overall.  aapl
 DividendMaster all  Apple has to do is keep guidance on the low side...
 Apple beat on both eps and revenues. SEES 4Q REV.  49B- 52B, EST.  49.1B 
 Apple up 3% AH
 Apple 155 yo
Sonnet releases Thunderbolt 3 upgrade cards  AppleWorldToday  Apple 
 Apple  154+ is bullish (but needs to hold above). Earnings look good.
 Apple EPS BEAT. Expected  1.57, reporting  1.67
 Apple--BEATS-On All Metrics!
Yup looks like a beat  Apple 
Apple Reports Q3 iPhone 41M, iPad Units 11.42M, MAC 4.29M Units  Apple
 aapl MISS ! ! ! ! !    DOWN SHE GOES ! ! !
 Apple beats  1.67 to  1.57 and beat on revenue too. Stock + 5 to  154.  Earnings
 Apple beats
Initial reaction looks like  Apple beat - no need to worry about market downside for this event.
 Apple 3Q IPHONE UNITS SOLD 41.0M, EST. 41.1M
 Apple BEATS!!
 Apple  apple  aapl  earnings  RealTime  BREAKING Rev  45.4B & EPS of  1.67 vs  street  consensus  estimate  44.9B; EPS  1.57
 Apple Reports Q3 EPS  1.67 & Sales  45.4B vs  44.89B Est. - BEATS !!
 Apple pops:  1.67 EPS; Rev  45.4B
Apple earnings in 30 minutes:  Apple to  152-155+? OR back down? What do you think?
Boom goes the  Apple rally. All-time highs for  SPX  QQQ tmrw :)
 Apple
THAR SHE BLOWS!!!
=^.^=
 Apple ripps it, sweet
 Apple Apple Reports Q3 EPS  1.67 vs  1.57 Est., Sales  45.4B vs  44.89B Est.
 Apple gonna beat....
CNBCnow: EARNINGS: Apple Q3 EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.; Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est. •  Apple … 
EARNINGS: Apple Q3 EPS  1.67 vs.  1.57 Est.; Q3 Revs.  45.4B vs.  44.89B Est. •  Apple goo…
 BREAKING: Apple  Apple Q3 Revenue,  45.41B vs.  44.9B expected
 BREAKING: Apple  Apple Q3 iPhone Shipments, 41.03M vs. 40.5M expected
 BREAKING: Apple  Apple Q3 Earnings Per Share (EPS),  1.67 vs.  1.57 expected
Apple Reports Q3 EPS  1.67 vs  1.57 Est., Sales  45.4B vs  44.89B Est.  Apple 
 Apple soaring
Beat beat  Apple
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  BIDU  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
 Apple earnings... 
No position in  Apple, but with EVERYONE buying calls on my twitter feed think i'd rather be short than long if you put a gun to my head.
Up from nap ..had coffee..bring on  aapl
Here's What a  1,000 Investment in the  Apple 1980 Debut Is Worth Today  Apple  AppleStock 
 Apple on tap... Best part of it is watching everyone expecting the numbers.  SPX  NVDA 😂
 Apple  I dont work on measured moves so not going to guess at upside but here are major support levels 
Woke up just for  Apple earnings... hit or miss... market reaction could be insane in either direction
 Apple I HAVE TO PEE SO BoeingD
All eyes on  Apple
 aapl reports.  Grab some corn .
PSA: Humans, remember that this will be the high frequency trading algorithms for 3 mins after  aapl earnings. Stay… 
Tried to do a defined risk earnings trade in  Apple. Never got filled... 😒 
 Apple 1 min warning. grab ur skirts and hike ur ballz
Waiting on  Apple earnings... 
 Apple reporting imminently.  Apple RO
All eyes on whether the iPhone will ship in September or later  Apple 
Ok,  Apple traders, get ready or as the Dovells said "You Can't Sit Down"  SPX  NDX  IWM 
 Apple flip a coin. Down then up, up then down..?
 Apple earnings report come outs in 5 min. Tune in to for the full coverage  Apple… 
Here comes  Apple
Let's go  Apple 🤘🤘
All eyes on Apple. Earnings out in less than 3 minutes!  Apple 
Retweeted Downtown Josh Brown ( ReformedBroker):

There are 79 analysts covering  Apple tonight but you probably have an edge.
 Apple earnings bring out more Ms. Cleo than any other stock!
 raypalms  Apple is quite a bit safer, good luck with the  earnings. Here they come...
Best part of  aapl earnings is watching people wait for aapl earnings.
Ugh: Hate the waiting! Keep refreshing the  Apple IR page. 
 Apple bear should be watching this --> 
Seriously though: unless these  Apple earnings are on shitty side, vol will take large dump!
There are 79 analysts covering  Apple tonight but you probably have an edge.
Apple blow-by-blow analysis  TheStreet Live Blog  Apple earnings: 
Follow  fromedome if you want to get smart on  Apple earns...will new iPhone ship in Sept or Oct? 
 Apple 5% move either way. Not much more than that.
Aug 01 Tuesday,  Apple closed  150.05
 Apple short interest is  5.7 billion, down  3.9 billion from its May 31st high of  9.7 billion as shorts fear stron… 
Sliding into  Apple earnings like: 
wheres a link to the  Apple earnings call?
 Apple:

Apple Earnings Live Blog:


StockTwits going live on.... Insta? ... for  aapl earnings?? 
Waiting for  Apple earnings like 
30 minutes until  Apple twitter 

💸💸💸💸💸💸💸
 Apple for those interested... current bracket is 142.20 to 155.90  will reevaluate if if violates either one of tho… 
 Apple Todays trading with Apple Inc. for  149.7703 on date August 01, 2017.  Finance  Stocks
 Apple bounced out of support - lets see what earnings bring - resistance at 151.10
 Apple earnings due out soon!  Apple  finance
 Apple favorable trading in after/hour market
Hot Options Report: End of Day, August 1, 2017 -  WFT,  CHK,  Apple,  RAD,  EIGI,  BoeingC,  MU


Waiting for  Apple earnings rank right up there with the 4th quarter 2 minute warning & bottom of the 9th where women know not to ask for...
Retweeted StockTwits ( StockTwits):

🚨 GET READY 🚨

Apple earnings at 4:30 PM ET today. Here's every  Apple... 
 RGstocktrader i know why Options Wolf lost it on  Apple earning then
 Apple Annoucing  Earnings  AfterMarket
 stocks  trading  investing
 Apple hold sax solo music… 
 Apple Apple Inc. Earnings Live Coverage -
 Join us now! 
 Apple is set to trot out earnings, and  EricJhonsa is ready to take a bite or two  TheStreet. Join him! 
 NickGiva speaking of  Apple, anyone bought a Zenith TV lately?  Wonder how that company's doing?
Best part of  aapl earnings is watching people wait for aapl earnings
 aapl, will it break the market? Or new all time highs?
my guess is  Apple is non-event.  optionsellersalwayswin
IF (big IF)  Apple earnings are bad, what keeps the market from a significant liquidation?  The  QQQ meltdown could trigger something big...
Gary Cohn got  Apple earnings 20 minutes ago 👍😂
 docjck no problems, but each update seems to make your phone run slower and slower... ConspiracyTheory  Apple
Just waiting for  Apple earnings to come out 
Long  yolowolf  Apple 
 Apple no position, I'm calling an ER drop.
Algos waiting on that  Apple report 
1. Pre earnings trivia:  Apple is worth 3/4 of the entire DAX30.
Hype is so great that if  Apple matches expectations we'll have a 2% down day tomorrow. You gotta fake numbers like  NFLX &  FB to rally!!
Getting ready for Apple earnings on  CNBCClosingBell should be out around 1:30 pst. Tune in. Going to be fun.  aapl
 TimeMoneycom Based on their stock's recent activity, it certainly doesn't seems as though it is headed higher.
 aapl
 Apple So far Buffett's big bet worked out very nicely. Will it continue after today? Show time!… 
Nobody gives a shit about Q2 actual for  Apple. All about guidance for Q3.
BREAKING:  Apple to acquire  TSLA for 14 iPod Nano's and an iPhone 8
 Apple Not expecting clear AH actions as there will be delays in the new Iphone but increased sales on other divisions. Be Careful!
Refresh! Refresh!  Apple
 Apple Earnings History  
Millennials Heed The Warning  SPX  VIX  Apple
Hoping for an  aapl beat for my small position and other larger holdings in tech.
LONG  Apple Weekly 152.5-157.5-162.50 Call Fly for  .76 debit,  540 of Risk
I'll be surprised if  Apple does NOT have a bigly miss
Start  4mins a FOLLOW to Previous Video for  Apple Earnings Trader  NDX  SPX  RUT  QQQ  NQ_F  GOOG  ES_F  RUT  FB
 Apple i guess its redtube until they report...
Ready to add a new column on my spreadsheet  Apple 
 aapl Regardless what the earnings are.  This is a great company - ONE OF THE FEW- that actually have a future and bankroll to go with it
Little upside for Apple  Apple investors prior to earnings Tuesday 
I will be live tweeting  Apple earnings momentarily!
StockTwits: We're going live on Instagram for  Apple earnings in just a few minutes. Make sure you're following us 
special guest here going live to watch  Apple earnings 
place your bets!  Apple
Mophie's new 30W Powerstation USB-C XXL promises to power MacBooks up to 14 hours  9to5Mac… 
All eyes on  Apple earnings. Any minute now.
Let's do this,  Apple 
 Apple correction; earnings at 4:30 pm EDT.  Not 5:00 pm
We've launched the  Apple live blog   jowens510 and  MarketWatch SF team have already taken a preview bite.
 Apple  patent 9,723,396: Earphone assemblies with magnets for anchoring to a user  tech  IP 
We're going live on Instagram for  Apple earnings in just a few minutes. Make sure you're following us 
If aapl falls below 144 AFTER HOURS BUY IT  aapl
 Apple  CNBC Saying Earnings out in about 15 min. 
i'm going to make a sandwich

keep me up to date on  Apple
 Apple earnings today. Will Apple's China sales fall for a sixth quarter? What will  tim_cook say about new iPhones and Trumpian tax cuts?
 ES_F  F  GM  TM  Apple US auto sales slump to 16.73m pace in July - Autodata 
Are you Bullish or Bearish on  Apple? Start  Trading  Apple with  Bitcoin😍  QQQ  Stocks  Blockchain   Cryptocurrency… 
Will be tuning into Apple earnings. Looking for insights into next iPhone, China, iPad, Macs, Qualcomm.   Apple 
 Apple points of reference coming into earnings. 
 Apple ESTIMATES expected are Earnings 1.42 Rev. 44.89 B per  YahooFinance
 Apple Happy to buy under  140.  Kinda hoping for a miss.
 Apple holding my position. I have covered calls on over 1000 shares. Fingers crossed for a beat, or not.
 Apple u know its a problem when 90% of the degenerates on ST have made a bet & R asking what time earnings is & mistake it with conf call
 Apple could try to make the next "standard flagship" a 7S with improved-ish internal components, same case at  649ish and up.

That's a risk
If  Apple hadnt spiked into close, I would have kept the calls. If its high before ER, it may crash next day. I took profits.
 AMZN  Apple  Stocks Video Analysis with important  stocks  Trading Levels for Week 31 JUL  >… 
 BreakingNews  stocks record winning streak continues  Dow closes UP 73 to 21,964  Dow22k  Apple  KNX1070  CBSLA  MottekOnMoney
YahooFinance: LIVE: "If  Apple is down big, it will affect the Dow." - 
 Apple bring back the wolf!
 Apple lots of guessing but my july 29 plan contains the key numbers of pivot points and what they mean.  
 
Apple earnings.  Apple

They mean nothing his quarter.
How will  Apple trade after  earnings?
 HFTAlert  lizNNP  Apple should just buy  QCOM the way Google bot Motorpla  MOT   patents
Apple Time: Earnings After Closing Bell With Focus On Next iPhone Launch Date  AMZN  BP  FB  GOOG  NFLX  UA  Apple
 Apple Options data ahead of earnings..+/- 3% 
 ES_F,  F,  GM,  TM  Apple Auto Funds in the Crapper 
YahooFinance: LIVE: "If  Apple is down big, it will affect the Dow." - … 
YahooFinance: LIVE: Services is a big area  Apple is looking at, like Apple Pay & music services - … 
 Aapl savory or succulent
 morro84 that's just an ignorant comment.  Apple the only way it becomes a penny stock is the day the entire financial system collapses.
Dow closes at another record at 21,962.48 ⬆️ 71.23. Will  Apple earnings tip us to  DOW22K tomorrow? Prob not. (Will go to 22K regardless.)
wonder what yolo wolf is doing today
 Apple 
Sold the puts on my  aapl Strip right before close. All in on calls now. Come on, Tim Cook. Deliver! 
 jmtrader15  TraderNickyBoeingT Yes  Apple
 Apple books supports 146.86  PP 149.06 Res 150.00 
Even for me, not the time to gamble an  Apple E.R. It's not like it die after tonight or it'll "Icarus" either. i'll play tomorrow. gl to all
Today's million dollar PUT  options trade:
 AMZN  DPZ  NTES  BWLD  Apple  TSRO  GOOG  CHTR  TSLA  CMG  LRCX ...

 Apple wrong 
 Apple Apple reports earnings ahead of expected iPhone launch: Live blog 
 Apple Apple earnings at 5:00 pm EDT
 Apple earnings are on deck, so, you know, do this.  Apple 
 AppleEarnings on the way. Here's what you need to know  Apple  Apple  AppleInc  AppleNews  AppleStock  AppleWatch
I'm in my usual  Apple earnings position. Champagne bottle in one hand & Pepto in other.
 Apple will beat. I think. guidance will keep the stock from nutso-ness i think. My "ER" plays 7-year-old equity & JUN18  120 Cs I'm +36% on
Apple Earnings time 
 Apple 
Apple Still Hasn't Discovered a Breakout Video Hit  Apple 
LIVE: "If  Apple is down big, it will affect the Dow." - 
YahooFinance: LIVE:  Apple  earnings any minute now, jj_under weighs in - 
Just made 20% from Aug 4  Apple calls. Was going to hold until earnings, but I don't like taking that much risk. It may sell-off. It may not.
Trading Options Around Earnings Reports:  options  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Apple  BBRY  TIF  Google  LNKD  FB  QCOM
 Apple  earnings: How long will  iPhone sales be on ‘pause’?  Apple   iPhone8  Retail  applenews  stocks  Finance  
 Trading4_Living Gut says pop and drop on call.   would prefer just the pop however.  aapl
 aapl  MISS ! ! ! ! ! !  WOW ! ! ! DOWN DOWN DOWN!!!
Earnings this week: 

Reporting today:  Apple  SPWR  PAYC  FEYE  COHR  FTR  ILMN  RRC  DVN  HLF 
. MsABalakrishnan is about to tackle Apple earnings, without Oreo fuel  Apple 
 Apple Oh My
 Apple what time does it come out?
LIVE: Services is a big area  Apple is looking at, like Apple Pay & music services - 
YahooFinance: LIVE:  Apple  earnings any minute now, jj_under weighs in - … 
 GOOG  MSFT  Apple:

Microsoft’s New Program Lets Customers Upgrade Their Surface …:


Oh right, it's gasp at big numbers day  Apple
 Apple earnings follow a consistent narrative, "Wait till the iPhone (insert number) is released, it'll change everything"
Where's Wolf Trader lol  Apple
 jawikker  Apple Thanks. I'm in the Aug 11  162.50 calls  jcmccune3
Four numbers to watch in Apple's earnings — and 4 words to listen for  Apple  apple  iphone8 
 Apple 146 or 154
 Apple will be in play tomorrow beat or miss. 
Here's how Apple has traded heading into earnings

1-month +4%
3-month +2%
YTD +29%
1-year +41%
5-year +79%

 Apple  Invierte sabiamente
Things might get ugly for  aapl with the iphone delay. With  aapl down that means almost all of the FANG stocks were down post earnings.
IDK why  Apple can’t just release their numbers right after the bell like everyone else… always has to be this waiting game. Soooo annoying.
Join  RobinhoodApp and we'll both get a share of stock like  Apple,  F, or  S for free. Make sure to use my link. 
LIVE:  Apple  earnings any minute now,  jj_under weighs in - 
 ZB_F  Apple Bite out of  Apple More Buyback debt on balance sheet than Current Assets 
In  googl  spx  amzm  pcln puts. Small spx calls just in case as hudge. Also  fc from the afternoon nothing else rest is cash   aapl!!!!!!!
 Apple This is the least important Apple quarter since the release of the iPhone.
 Apple lets see this mess now. entire earnings season has been a sham so far this Q
 Apple big jump into the close...closed above  150. Keep in mind  Apple doesnt do earnings until 430
Non movement  aapl earnings incoming
I'm shorting  Apple
I'm buying  FEYE
The Closing Bell has rung - great job, everyone! Stay tuned for the  Apple earnings report & come back tomorrow for… 
Zometeen  Apple earnings...
 Apple earnings always come out at 4:30.
 Apple=>revision-trends are (-) just like all his 'friends' ...re-rated 
Apple Stock Price: 150.05  apple  Apple
Is Apple Stock All Set For A Post-Earnings Rally??  Apple 
 Apple market cap just under  800 bil. This is THE stock. A lot of   rides on everything they say/do.
Nice  Apple chase helping our typical earnings position, long stock, long Aug11 call spreads. Let's go  QQQ
 Apple Get your popcorn ready...
1 hour until  Apple Q3 17 Earnings Call. Just need to stay awake for another two hours. 😴 
LIVE: Apple earnings  Apple 
 Apple no new phones, laptops
Notable  earnings AH:  Apple  FEYE
I'm actually worried about the  Apple  earnings release today
 Apple No fireworks after 3Q earnings 2-3% up/down
 Apple  thanks for the easy 20% on playing the predictable run up to earnings. flat almost all day and then power hour hits and takes off
 Apple rallying into the bell
We're at the 2 minute warning!!!  Apple
 ZB_F  Apple to Spell reality Frecession
Don't expect  Apple to drop much (if at all) after earnings call. But project 240 in 1 year from now based on current trends.
 Apple here we go
 Apple  MU  QQQ  NQ_F Apple - 35 Save the worst for last 
 Apple Annoucing  Earnings  AfterMarket
 stocks  trading  investing  tech 
Ok you degenerates, place your  Apple bets
 Apple Place Your Bets 

 Apple dump  35 ?
Short  Apple  MU  QQQ  NQ_F fir earnings tonight
 Apple roping in buyers top of the tri staying out of this good luck to those who are in it  SPX  SPY  UVXY
Here's how Apple has traded heading into earnings

1-month +4%
3-month +2%
YTD +29%
1-year +41%
5-year +79%

 Apple 
FORECAST:  Apple 😳

SELL OFF 

Malos resultados

 Nasdaq  wsj_com  WallStJesus  vwandres  pricatti   RubenVilela_com  BolsacomTrading  Apple
 Tony_BoeingTtista can you consolidate everyone's  Apple earnings trades to compare how you all do? Since EVERYONE at  tastytrade has it on?
*braces for  Apple earnings volatility*  capitalgames
Which calls did you buy?  Apple  jawikker
YahooFinance: 5 MIN: JenSaidIt MylesUdland jj_under readDanwrite talk about Dow hits a milestone,  Apple  earnings,… 
Bearish for  Apple earnings! Downside butterfly, 147/144/141...just below EM
 Apple is the tiebreaker for FAANG Earnings. 2 🔼 ( NFLX,  FB) & 2 🔽 ( Google,  AMZN). Projection is  1.57 EPS, according to  MorningstarInc.
After  NFLX pop and go, all the rest of tech have been pop and sell or outright sell. Now what,  Apple...
 Apple Long the 150 Puts for 2.81 (25x) looking for a bad ER and a drop in the stock to sub 140
Setting the (investor) stage for  Apple
Up 1% today
Up 4% past month
Up 2% past 3 months
Up 29% YTD
 Apple - quick trade into the close today 
 aapl may beat but mention negative fwd due to production constraint on new phone stock may take dive. Will buy  140 if not stock to  160
appleinsider: Apple's 2017 Q3 sales get a boost from weakening US Dollar overseas  Apple  USD … 
Holding my  Apple into earning -2.28% wish me luck :/
 aapl quick look of the upper range. A bit of a coin toss. No option play for me. I might trade after hours 
5 MIN:  JenSaidIt  MylesUdland  jj_under  readDanwrite talk about Dow hits a milestone,  Apple  earnings, &  UA -… 
 Apple my prediction is a selloff hit or miss. Only way it goes higher is with a monster beat. Likely meet expectations. Playing  QQQ puts
 Apple LIVE: Apple earnings 
 Apple trimmed it slightly at  149.70 pre earnings.
didnt want to, felt like i had to.
 MakeMeSorry  SuperCycle
We are at last call boys & girls. Time to place your  Apple bets. Step right up & don't be shy! It's only money!
 SaraEisen Really Bill that UNTIL the 4th qtr there are NO  aapl bulls anyway, so how can you be a bear? qtr is write off

 CNBCClosingBell
Apple's 2017 Q3 sales get a boost from weakening US Dollar overseas  Apple  USD 
What if  Apple announces that it put all its cash into Ethereum?
Todays Green Watch list Scanned  STBV  FPVD  CLWD  HMLA  GDSI -  Apple after hours 
If surging into ER during the last 30 minutes of trading is your thing, you might want to buy some  Apple in the next 10 minutes.
What happens after a beat or a miss -  Apple Earnings Fractal 
 Apple Pull back like Googl and Amazon
Free  Apple  Earnings Preview  1simpletrader 
Getting ready for Apple  Apple earnings after the bell with  MsABalakrishnan 
Some getting in ahead of the close  Apple 
 Apple  earnings after the close. Expectations (whisper) are for  1.61/EPS on  44.67 billion in revenue. Key is release date of new iPhone.
Trading apple earnings reporting in 10 minutes 4 p.m. Eastern   Apple. The NASDAQ to be very volatile for 15 minutes
Awaiting  Apple's third quarter revelation
 richard_macari  realsheepwolf  TeamBrazil2015  vivaentgroup  CNN  CNBC  nytimes  FoxNews  GMA  CBSNews  NVDA  Apple… 
 Apple earning out after the close  watch the results live with other earning on 
 Apple ER is set for today.  Apple impressed Wall St & traded higher following just 2 of the last 4 qtr's ER. Where is  Apple headed this time?
Crisp (Apple Earnings)    Apple  EARNINGS PREVIEW
If  Apple beats the  Nasdaq  QQQ will lead a big rip +   ...
 optionbag Just like  amzn. If  aapl bad ER, people will rotate into banks or they will buy the dip the next day.
Watch for the quick drop in  aapl before close. Sell this pop. Rebuy the dip.
Size call buying in  Apple ahead of earnings, - time premium and skew   Apple  Apple Earnings 
looks like some guys already got the content of the  Apple quarter????
 Apple HOD, seems destined to close day at  150.01
 Apple--Shorts Covering into Earnings.   GST
 Apple BIG MOMMA on the way. Hoping it great or shitty it will move the whole market
 Apple don't worry. There will always be a "super cycle" to look forward to in the near future
 XOP curious to see if  Apple earnings have any bearing on the QQQ/XOP rotation.  RRC  DVN  EOG  NFX  PXD after the bell, watching DVN most
Bought some   Apple calls into earnings let's see what happens.. little risk but big reward
Options active including more than 20K Aug 4th 155 calls. 18.5K Aug 4th 150 calls and 15.8K Aug 4th 152.5 calls als… 
 OptionsAlert:  Apple Aug 18  138 Puts Sweep (2) at the Bid: 1420    0.58 vs 435 OI; Ref= 149.17   Apple 
NOW OFFERING 7 Day FREE Trial to  options day trading team Room or  TWTR feed 
 CELG  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Got call diagonal for  Apple aug4/11 155/160 for a credit.  Apple down will keep credit and if up calls will be profitable.
 option_snipper man every time  Apple hikes into the close right before e/r it tanks the next day....not scientific i know..just saying
 OTTV 707 - anything with a 7 is sign of great things, and it was..look at all that green :)
 OMVS  BVTK  FRZT… 
 richard_macari  realsheepwolf  TeamBrazil2015  vivaentgroup  CNN  CNBC  nytimes  FoxNews  GMA  CBSNews  OTTV Be pa… 
 aapl check my twit from ystd. these Aug4 150c now at 2.60 from 2.14. only 20 calls for lotto. very small positions… 
Analysts see Apple with  44.9 bln in revenue and  1.57 in EPS, but the real action is next quarter, expecting  49.2 bln sales  Apple
 Apple after the close (unless you are special )  
As of quarterly close  1 price move in  Apple = 4.55 in  NDX
 Apple nhod of day with some vol, numbers leaked
 Bamabroker Gotta buy as much  Apple as you can.  The company is pure innovation - small phone, then big phone...sma… 
 RUT blew past PinkBox Target & could fully Back Kiss  NDX  SPX  QQQ  NQ_F  GOOG  Apple on sell signals into earnings 
Hey everybody let's take  Apple up into earnings so we can sell it higher after the carnage of their quarterly report.
 Apple kills  NFLX ? I thought the end of net neutrality  VZ and  T were already on it?
FORECAST:  Apple 😳

SELL OFF 

Malos resultados

 StockTwits  FelipeCamposPC  juandaballen  andresmania  Omarsuarez90  reditum  pattie_jabbaz
 Apple not doing anything here, just have all my common for long term, will add if we drop
HELP! 
I NEED ICE CREAM TO MAKE IT THROUGH THE  Apple EARNINGS.
(TILLAMOOK, PLEASE)
=^.^= 
 Apple past  earnings stats;
Implied move weekly: 3.65% 
 DRYS failure to deliver shares - MEGA Squeeze  FB  Apple  TSLA  SNAP
 Apple  patent 9,723,315: Frame encoding selection based on frame similarities a...  tech  IP 
Apple tonight. It's back to its great track record of beating every qtr. Will another beat matter?  Apple 
 aapl hiking
 afortunetrading Might have to watch the wolfman  Apple ER video again lol
 Apple 152.5 calls just bought.
Tune In alert: I'm on  CNBCClosingBell w/  BillGriffeth &  SaraEisen at approx 1:30(PT) / 4:30(ET) discussing  Apple.  Markets
 Apple   earnings ... what will it be
serious  Apple call Aug 4th volume  149+
 Apple Pre earnings analysis = strangle this beast 
 aapl expected earnings move 4%..up or down? you could tell lot of traders holding sept  calls,then you have some vol puts too!
8/1 Earnings:

 FTR Aug 18  17 Calls
 SPWR Aug 18  12 Calls
 Apple Sept 15  155 Calls
for  C and  DIS  I meant  Apple earnings
Apple Inc.  Apple is Busey Trust CO’s Largest Position 
 Apple little move north here breaking over hod into ER
Get your pop-corn and be ready for tonight's  aapl ER
 Apple Earnings Preview
Click for more Earnings coverage >>  
New user interface sounds unique to Apple's HomePod pulled out of released firmware 
 Apple weekly ATM Straddle expecting 3.75% move. I'm hoping to the upside!!
 Apple earnings r likely 2 b meaningless unless big disappointment. Conference call is game, disclosing new Iphone d… 
 Apple earnings will be coming out after the close. Brace for impact.👍👎
upcoming quarterly earnings releases and historical releases for  Apple 
 hftalert  Apple Accumulators show a mixed bag prior to earnings. Strong demand but they sold into the prior high.  
So they are worthless??
 Apple earnings: were confident people are dumb enough to pay  1400 for the same iPhone 👍😂
i do have  NFLX on a 2hr Sell Signal just like i do o the  SPX  Apple &   NDX et-al 
Wonder where that guy is who had the live stream of his MILLION dollar  aapl bet last quarter. 😄🤣🤣🤣
I'm too busy right now to check, but see of  DJI 20K happened the day after  Apple reported in January. 
 DJI will get it's 22K tomorrow if  Apple pleases. If it doesn't, then they'll call this a failure to reach it. Same fuckery as around 20K
whats gonna happen with  Apple?
 Apple:

Here Comes Apple’s Big Earnings Report — You Ready for Action?:


Really want to get  AMZN puts for 987 test but don't want to be on the wrong side of  Apple /  NQ_F
 jimcramer I'm just sad right now for anyone who is not long  Apple right here.  Easily a  165+ stock right here
Apple earnings: How long will iPhone sales be on ‘pause’?  Apple 
 Apple a lot of calls at the money for Apple! 
 Apple results tonight should give direction for  Nasdaq for next days.
Estimate: EPS 1.57  Revenues: 44.94B Iphone… 
 FSComeau I have a couple of  aapl calls also
 Apple Bear Thesis = Saturated Smartphone Market? 

Not When 83% Of Your Future Buyers Want An iPhone Next… 
 CAR AND  HTZ moving up last hour on high volume.
 car might get a mention with  aapl conf. tonight.
 CNBC  Apple  149.25 risky earnings or made in the shade earnings?
Almost every product i see is at an inflection point, apparently waiting patiently on  Apple earnings......but we all know what happens next📉
 FB  AMZN  Apple  NFLX:

Oaktree’s Co-Chairman On FAANG Stocks: Valuations Are High But …:


27  iShares  ETFs have  aapl as a top 10 holding. Beyond  IVV  IWF  EPS impacts 3 factors  QUAL  MTUM  VLUE & 3  ESG  ESGU  SUSA  CRBN
start in at 25mins.  Apple on sell signals into earnings  NDX  SPX  RUT  QQQ  NQ_F  GOOG
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  PCLN  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
What to Look For in Apple Earnings  Apple After The Close  iPhone8  QQQ  SPX 
All the key numbers to watch out for.  Apple  Earnings  AppleStock  Apple 
 Apple - Earnings preview and  trading scenarios  SPY  QQQ 
 Apple Q3 earnings coming out after close. Tune into  TeamCavuto on  FoxNews at 4:40 pm to hear why I think Q4 is really the one to watch!
 Apple likes to pull back off earnings, I like Forecast. 1 year chart / Daily low support 138.50 PP Pivot Point of 1… 
 AdamBuschbacher thanks for follow!  HappyTuesday Vista Partners  InvestingForLife  Apple… 
 Apple Long above & Short below chart into  EARNINGS +  NDX  SPX  RUT  QQQ  NQ_F  GOOG  TF_F  IWM   NFLX   ES_F  SPY… 
 Apple Stangle this fruit low volatility is an excellent trade here is my review 
Size call buying in  Apple ahead of amc earnings,  peterlusk discusses time premium and skew… 
Apple asks India for supplier tax breaks  Apple 
World Series of Earnings day 11. Wouldn't get too hyped over  Apple imo 
Pre-Earnings analysis   Apple TV_TradingIdeas
Brace For Any Apple Post-Earnings Price Impacts (  13 upside for Apple amid the Q3 earnings announcement)  Apple
 Apple stock after earnings tonight:
 jimcramer The real question that awaits is how the overall equities market is going to react. If  aapl misses big,… 
 OAS  Apple  FANG  APC  CVX:

Forget Apple, The ‘Apple Of Oil’ Will Also Report Late Amid Slowdown:


Only 11% of our followers said they are buyers of Apple ahead of the quarter. Let's see if they were right to be ca… 
some VWAP levels to be aware of in  Apple 
Nasdaq weakness continues to expose itself. Might try and play futures overnight if  Apple moves it below current support.
Playing a little  1/ 2/ 3  Casino_M8TRIX ahead of  Apple earnings 👍👍👍👍 
 Apple good ER = sell  XLE and  XLF to get into Apple .  Apple bad ER = sell  XLE and  XLF due to broad market influe… 
 jimcramer  Apple If Dips I got little 147.00 support After Hours Support, Nice GDP number. DOW all Time High . Boo-… 
 Apple:

Optimism Priced Into Apple Stock Ahead of Earnings:


I have no feel over these  Apple earnings.
Just a friendly reminder,this will explode,it's just a matter of time  HRE  HREEF  SPY  DJIA  QQQ  NVDA  AMZN  Apple  LIT  TSLA  LAC  lithium
mophie introduces the powerstation USB-C XXL for the MacBook, MacBook Pro  AppleWorldToday… 
 SNAP may do another short squeeze after  Apple ER. imo Watching closely
Big afternoon with Apple earnings on tap. I'll be going though it with the  CNBCClosingBell team at 1:30 pst. Live from Boston today.  aapl
Lotto 145 puts on  Apple    1.13
All eyes on you  Apple
 Apple earnings today. This'll be interesting.
 JustinPulitzer at least  aapl isn't running into the print ?
 Apple earnings within the hour. Ugh. Volatile market right now. Pulling out hoping to buy back in on a dip. Low Q3, huge Q4 I bet!
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    FB  NFLX  AMZN  LVS  TSLA  Apple  GS
With 60 Million Subscribers, Spotify's Still About Twice as Big as Apple Music  themotleyfool  stocks  Apple,  P 
Report shows the potential option premium generated by implementing the buy-write.  SPY  DIA  Apple  AMZN  IWM  QQQ 
Pre-Earnings analysis   Apple 
Pre-Earnings analysis  -  Apple chart 
No matter what  aapl reports, MM's will hit the stops at  148.15 before popping it back up.
 RoboTraderRedux  ronrowland_0  Apple has one disadvantage relative to  NFLX - they cannot fabricate & fake all of t… 
Is this market actually squaring off right here because of how important  Apple is?
 Apple earnings prework
if recent price action defines direction, here are 2 scenarios 
A Simple Day Trading Strategy/ORB via  YouTube  Trading  Stocks  Options  Success  Apple  FB  AMZN  TWT   GM  GS
 Apple  patent 9,723,086: Providing static or dynamic data to a device in an eve...  tech  IP 
Here Comes Apple's Big Earnings Report -- You Ready for Action?  Apple via  TheStreet
 Apple earnings due after close. Option Mkt pricing in a +/- Move of 3% or  4.60. 2-Year avg move is 4.5%. iPhone 8… 
 Boeing could fill a gap here to 220 in next couple weeks

 AMZN  Apple  LL  CRBP  TRUMP  FB
 ES_F  ZN_F Action showing  Apple Miss and TECH short
I think there's a chance  Apple blows this q out of the water because of   weakness and EU & EM recoveries. I bought lottos.
Along with a possible decrease in  iPhone sales as people anxiously wait for the  iPhone8,  Apple's  earnings will… 
bot a couple of weekly  aapl calls
Indexes sitting sideways most of the day.  Apple out after close, looking for  145 to trade post report. Exiting… 
 Apple  FEYE earnings in next 60 minutes!  Stocks  Earnings  SPY Follow the LIVE updates at: 
Damodaran on Valuation: Security Analysis for Investment and Corporate Finance:  Apple  TSLA  AMZN  NFLX  Google
 aapl will barely move after earnings positive or negative. Sell options
Nasdaq  NQ  QQQ losing the fight last 5 days.  Daily candles keep trying but they faded.  If  Apple isnt through the… 
 IncomeDisparity Telegraphing tech reaction to  Apple earns maybe
 Stocks holding gains with an hour to the close on Wall St:  
DJIA +0.4%.  Apple set to report after the close. 
Several hot reads from our tech team that will get you prepared ahead of the numbers  Apple
Where is our  Apple wolf trader?  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Google  TWTR  FB  COST  ADSK  IP&GP  QQQ  CELG  INGN  NVDA  CTRP… 
Wonder how many people will sell  XLF  XLE and buy  QQQ and  Apple tomorrow...hmm
Microsoft launches 'Surface Plus,' adapting iPhone Upgrade Program concept to PCs 
Here Comes Apple's Big Earnings Report -- You Ready for Action?  Apple 
Apple leak confirms wireless charging  Apple 
 NFLX could drop 5 to 10% during  Apple conference call after the news drops...irony is, it may not help  Apple , onl… 
Apple Stock Price: 149.34  apple  Apple
 Apple  EARNINGS &  NDX &  SPX ALL EARLY SELL WARNINGS?  RUT  QQQ  NQ_F   GOOG  TF_F  IWM   NFLX   ES_F  SPY  GLD… 
Be warned: People who play  Apple earnings 
lose their hair. 

Like the Najarian brothers 👍😂

 Apple
Call me crazy, but I just executed a Strip option strategy on  Apple.  775B market cap with a P/E of 18? Yep, I'm bearish.  NASDAQ  CBOE
remember if you are trading  QQQ  that  Apple reports tonight and is currently 11.47% of Qs followed by  MSFT at 8.3… 
Qualcomm is at war with one its  most important customers (Apple). It's CEO explains why 
 Apple OpEx pin revised down to 149 from 150. Watch the ER projected price level for chop!
What to expect from Apple’s earnings in 3 easy charts 📱
via  CNNMoneyStream  Apple
 Apple Trade of the Day for Earnings - via  KeeneOnMarket
Qualcomm is at war with one its  most important customers (Apple). It's CEO explains why:
 QCOM,  Apple
 Apple  SPWR  FEYE  PZZA  BOOT  MTCH  GLUU report earnings after the bell. 
 Apple Options market pricing in a move of +/-  4.60 off earnings tonight
 Apple sitting right on the 50 DMA,  Looks like either 144 or 154 after earnings.  coinflip
AMC historical earnings reactions for 8/1:  Apple  SPWR  ILMN  ALL  GNW  DVN  PXD  HBI ➡➡➡ 
 aapl rally into ER it seems...lots of front running into a low expectation Q2 report.
 NFLX chart breaking down!!  TOPS  NVDA  AMD  FLKS  NVAX  SPX  SPY  AEZS  BMY  FATE  GILD  TMO  GLW  TWTR  FB  AMZN… 
A good quarter and guidance from  Apple sends the  DJI over 22k  22k
alright ladies and gents, it's time to practice what I preach. Let's swing trade some apples before the earnings release & get some 💰  Apple
 AMZN  FB  GOOG buying tech again is not a bad idea ahead of  Apple ER. This is a throw-away Q. for apple.  stockmarket  trade  investing
 Apple is 3.66% of  SPY and 11.47% of  QQQ. IF she moves, she'll move everything.
Sold  Apple and  SQ ahead of earnings. Don't want to give up the nice gains on them.
 AMZN  FB  GOOG  buying tech again is not a bad idea ahead of  Apple ER. This is a throw-away Q. for apple.
 nirojancat Thanks for follow! All the best  TuesdayMotivation Vista Partners  Investing  Tech… 
Signals : Apple (Weekly)  Apple 
 ronrowland_0 - hearing  Apple will be launching a  NFLX killer & sold my position before this story got out... it's… 
i suppose some odd expectation the big tape is waiting on  Apple. 

maybe it is but that would still be stupid
How can Apple shock ALL of Wall Street? They need to report iPhone sales highlighted in green here 
 Apple
Trade-in Deals: Sell your used iPhone for cash and lock in a  10 to  20 bonus ahead of the… 
 Apple I think Apple misses earnings. It's due
Signals :  Apple (Weekly)
Be mechanical. Be disciplined. Be consistent. 
 apple  stocks  tradingsignal

Get it here:… 
 Apple  patent 9,722,975: Methods and apparatus for establishing a secure commun...  tech  IP 
Podcast:"Isn't it a pity" What a difference a day makes Wait for a  Scaramucci comeback   UA  LL  Apple  KSS… 
 Apple Oct 2017 220 10,000+ contracts traded today, nice lottery ticket if it flies.
Hope  Apple doesn't announce an AppleTV or other video content initiative -   NFLX could be slaughtered pretty quick - debt is then a noose
 Apple  FB  TSLA  GOOG:

SRI Funds – Expect Increase:


 alphabetsuccess thanks for follow!  HappyAugust  TuesdayThoughts Vista Partners  investingForLife… 
Apple Third Quarter FY 2017 Earnings Call livestream begins today at 16:00 CDT.   Apple 
Not sure if I've ever seen  Apple call premiums this low on the day of earnings. 🤔
With 60 Million Subscribers, Spotify's Still About Twice as Big as Apple Music  Apple  P 
 QQQ  SPY just waiting for  Apple
 Apple earnings? 🤔

 apple
Cold Pressed (Apple Earnings)    Apple  Earnings Preview
 Quagmires I'd be interested to know the churn rate for those that leave  Apple bc of the lack of headphone jacks, i… 
 Apple Are Apple's Upcoming Earnings Being Overshadowed By New iPhones? 
 InfinitusCap never owned one...went with the  GOOG ecosystem.  Didnt see need to overpay  Apple for functionality
To be fair, when are you not attached to your phone?  Apple
 Apple  Nasdaq  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 31 JUL  >… 
sleepy market waiting for the  Apple storm?  jimcramer  MadMoneyOnCNBC
 gWinbags actually if the revolution is to be streamed from  aapl's cloud services no one will see it happen.
Twitter Stock buzz:  BTC  OTTV  Apple  BCC  SPY (02:34 pm)  stocks  finance  stockmarket  StockPicks
Web Stock buzz:  Apple  SPX  S  GM  ACRX (02:34 pm)  stocks  finance  stockmarket  StockPicks
We need another Yolo Wolf for tonight's  aapl earnings... possibly one of my favorite recent memories  The_Real_Fly
 Apple Alright Apple - do not mess this up..this ridiculous market needs you to keep things sketchy 
This Video Gives An Idea Of  iPhone 8 Speed Against The 7  valueinvesting  Apple
Top Stock searches on message boards and Twitter:  USO  Apple  CNCG  SPY  GOOG (02:30 pm)  stocks  finance  stockmarket  StockPicks
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  AXP  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
 tastynation So  Apple earnings... lets hope it drives this market somewhere. Hopefully down???? LMAO or not! ZZzzzz.... tastytrade
 niy_yang  verniman  aapl on deck brotha
 ItzPrav  BIDU yes should see 230-232 in the next few days. if not then will consolidate more. Lot depends on today… 
Apple & Google to remove Binary Trade Applications
 Apple,  NASDAQ,  Apple,  Google,  Investments,... 
 P  Apple:

Pandora: Not Much To Be Excited About:


 QQQ  Nasdaq’s Negative Market Breadth Only Matched By 1999 from  JLyonsFundMgmt  XLK… 
 P  Apple  SIRI  FWONA:

Pandora Slips: Tempering Subscription Ambitions, Says Street:


Stay up to date w/ Vista Partners FREE Weekly Market Update for Week  Biotech  Tech  investing… 
 dumbmoney77 Still have  Google,  Apple and  QQQ, will buy other  faang related stocks after  Apple reports.
Pandora Slips: Tempering Subscription Ambitions, Says Street - Barron's - Tech Trader Daily -  P  Apple  Spotify 
 Apple Bear Thesis = Saturated Smartphone Market? 

Not When 83% Of Your Future Buyers Want An iPhone Next  


 Apple after the close
 AMZN  Apple  Google  MSFT:

Amazon Alexa Can Now Be Used To Control Your Fire TV:


Benzinga: Gene Munster will be at Benzinga HQ Wednesday talking  Apple,  TSLA and the future LIVE! Get updates in B… 
Excellent  Apple earnings preview by the intrepid  MsABalakrishnan here 
Tech's Mid-Year Macro Outlook  SOXX  SOCL  Apple  GOOG  FB  MSFT 
Gene Munster will be at Benzinga HQ Wednesday talking  Apple,  TSLA and the future LIVE! Get updates in Benzinga Pro: 
 TSLA The Future of  Tesla Stock All Depends on the Model 3  stockmarket  stocks  finance  investing  SPY  Apple  CMG
 Apple to offer an updated streaming service to compliment existing rental model, plus original content deal after close.
 Apple set to announce new video streaming service + original content deal after close.  NFLX
NOW OFFERING 7 Day FREE Trial to  options day trading team Room or  TWTR feed 
 SPX  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Apple earnings are coming..
 Apple  NASDAQ  EARNINGS 
 Aapl no interest here
If  Apple gets hit tonight brings down averages i'll be in buying  DIA again...
 Apple  patent 9,722,450: Inductive power transmission geometry  tech  IP 
 Apple who is ready for earnings, what strategies are you making prior to the announcement?
 OTTV 800 Trade! - Get ready for action!  
 PowerHour  ROKU 
 OMVS  BVTK  FRZT  OWCP  Apple  AMZN  BTSC  GBTC 
If  aapl beats on earnings today, they're gonna see well over 800 billion in market cap. Fucking insane.
Top Earnings Today - Apple Inc, Shopify And FireEye  Apple  SHOP  FEYE 
Latest HomePod Firmware Discovery Shares First UI Sounds of Apple's Smart Speaker 
Apple Inc: Is Apple Stock All Set For A Post-Earnings Rally?  Apple 
taking a small  WATT position before  Apple reports 

in   14.71, stop   14.40
Aside from  Apple here are other Trade ahead of earnings strategy akerts for Aug 1 
Benzinga: Time Of The Season: Apple's Q3 A Prelude To Anxiously Awaited September  Apple
 Apple just bought all the apples at whole​ paycheck for big AH party on da boat tonight ..bears invited u get da apples we get the money!!
The most widely held stock reports this week. Will  aapl beat earnings & move higher or dis… 
Apple rises ahead of third quarter earnings  Apple 
 Apple Apple rises ahead of third quarter earnings 
 Apple  P:

Spotify and Apple Music now boast nearly 90 million paid …:


It's up 30 cents LOL.  Apple 
Time Of The Season: Apple's Q3 A Prelude To Anxiously Awaited September  Apple
Apple is the most held stock by everyone on ClosingBell, including those managing  25k+ heading into earnings  Apple… 
It's less than 3 hours away. GET ready. 
 Apple  Invierte sabiamente 
Stock rallied toward US 155 in weeks that followed, now hovering around US 150.  Apple 2/2
Apple reports after the bell. EPS was US 2.09 last quarter, 3% above expectations, sales of US 52.8B met forecasts.  Apple 1/2

"How one trader plans to triple his money in  Apple ...Tonight, on Battlebots!"

 StockCats… 
Part of  FAANG  fb  Apple  amzn  NFLX  Google is slowing down the advance of the  spx Source: LGM, LLC. Visit… 
Here's  Apple and its earnings surprises in the past 6yrs. Green arrow = reports above estimates. 
Apple Stock Price: 149.02  apple  Apple
 StockTwits YEEAHH BUDDY...  BringIt  alpha  Apple
Brace For Any Apple Post-Earnings Price Impacts  Apple
8.01.17 Elliott Wave Updates For Big Tech:  Apple  PCLN  NTES  AVGO 
8.01.17 Elliott Wave Updates For Big Tech:  Apple  PCLN  NTES  AVGO -  
StockTwits: It's less than 3 hours away. GET ready. 
 Apple 
 Apple:

Time Of The Season: Apple’s Q3 A Prelude To Anxiously Awaited …:


 Apple  AMZN  TWTR:

Pandora Media Inc (P) Stock Continues to Defy All Odds:


The most comprehensive  Apple results forecast table you will see. Results 10:30pm SA time... 
 PeterSong909 may be ? Apple ER holding  NQ_F down  QQQ  Apple
It's less than 3 hours away. GET ready. 
 Apple 
Today after the bells,  Apple ER report. ± 7 moves, are you ready ? 😊
The  Apple board on StockTwits is the best the day of earnings. Traders will barrow money, that they can't pay back, to buy Calls! HE!HE!HE!
Nothing to do w  Apple earnings but I'm close to pulling the iPlug on all Apple devices.  Customer service just WAY too difficult.   Apple
Drama in Apple's quarterly earnings expected from 'iPhone 8' launch guidance, not actual results… 
Here's what the world's most important Apple analysts are predicting for earnings 
 Apple 
 Apple,  Apple Will Apple's Stock Suffer From A 'Sell The News' Reaction? - 
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    FB  NFLX  AMZN  Google  TSLA  Apple  GS
 Apple reports Q3 earnings today. Here's what to watch for:  Apple
Do you trade the most actives?  Apple  BoeingC  FB  F  VZ  CHK  TSLA  Intel  AMZN  AMD
Hearing  Apple will disappoint but everyone is just going to focus on iPhone 8. Also watch out for selling into the close.  XLF  XLE  QQQ
Just walked into green room  FoxBusiness Getting ready to join  SimonettiLauren Big day and  Apple tonight  Sadly this green room isn’t green
 Apple:

Will Apple’s Stock Suffer From A ‘Sell The News’ Reaction?:


Apple seeks tax breaks for suppliers to make iPhones in India: sources  Apple
 Apple  patent 9,722,283: Using effective C-rates to determine inaccessible capa...  tech  IP 
Reality of new trend with  FB  TSLA  Apple  GOOG building housing to justify low  wages is  millenials lose ability to build wealth
 SPY might trade sideways all August then dip early Sept.  Not a lot happening today after locking in profits on  VZ  C  XOM  Apple  SBUX
bot  SHOP


 DRYS  AAOI  DCTH  AEZS  TEAR  FB  Apple 
 A_hazemawad I have no expectations. I'm holding  QLD & would buy a big  Apple dip after earnings.
Who Would Be Tesla's Best M&A Partner?  F  GM  AMZN  GOOG  Apple 
Check the options open interest before you play earnings... give u heads up in direction  OptionScan  aapl  
My wise friend  KFGTotalWealth offers some tips on how to trade  Apple today:  Apple  Earnings  options
Lots of movement with  GDSI! High volume, 100% gain in less than one week..  GDSI
 aapl  twtr  msft  bvtk  ottv… 
 Apple Calculation of "Implied" post earnings reaction/move; not sure safe to infer anything. If you hold it going... 
Manifest stupidity of trades where risk is 2 great relative 2 reward.  Apple   SPX  NDX  IWM  "Suicide is Painless" 
Apple Action Ahead of Earnings  Apple
 Apple STO  SEPT15 135p  .92c Very small 13d Dont think will get down there for earnings today. Reason: selling at 200MA support!
 PIXY  Boeing  CGNX  IBB  Apple:

Indices Don’t Have Much in Common:


 Apple Long some LOTTO Aug 11  162.50 calls at  0.23


Carnival Cruise Line's CEO uses an iPhone 7  Apple
My Swing Trading results for March. When the mkt traded lower, the Splash Zone finished higher.  Apple  Google  FB… 
 CHART  CANDLESTICK  MONEY  FB  TWTR  AMZN  SPY  QQQ  NVDA  AMD  EDUCATION  WEARENOTRETAIL  ZYNE  CBMX  Apple  DWT… 
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  CMG  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
An earnings beat on the cards?  AppleEarnings  AppleStock  Apple 
Revenue Estimates For Apple's September Quarter Are Too High  Apple
 Apple This is a C&H setup now


ATM put spread in  Apple for earnings today! 
 MOutfield thanks for follow!  HappyTuesday! Vista Partners  InvestingForLife  DIA  Apple… 
The Closing Bell is out!  EURUSD  GBPUSD  USDJPY  AUDUSD  SPY  TWTR  GPRO  YHOO  LNKD  FB  Apple  BRD  CAT  WLT  LNKD
 aapl reports after the close today. I don't expect anything Earth moving from them and would rather own puts than calls heading into report
4 those who enjoy banging their heads against wall & resulting pain, try trading  Apple earnings before conf. call.… 
 Apple  CBS  SNE  NFLX  AMZN:

Apple Still Hasn’t Found That Breakout Video Hit:


 aapl will beat EPS and Revenue but miss in phone sales
Which Tech Firms Generate The Most Per Employee? 
 Apple  NFLX  FB  GOOG  CSCO  MSFT  Intel  ADBE  CRM  ORCL  IBM
 Apple great read 
 Apple Entire Market seems to have gone Short on a "No Brainer". Guess that means a big beat coming.  stocks  trading  investing
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
 Apple 140 or 160...you decide
 Apple:

Is a Surprise Coming for Apple (Apple) Stock This Earnings Season?:


Honda's all-electric Clarity arrives at select dealers today, with CarPlay as standard 
 Apple still hasn't found that breakout video hit 
Who Will Come Out On Top In The On-Demand Streaming Industry? 
 NFLX  Apple  DISH  CMCSA  VZ  T
 Apple  patent 9,721,903: Vertical interconnects for self shielded system in pac...  tech  IP 
Nasdaq not getting much traction yet, but lots of top growth stocks setting up & ready to go.  Good  Apple earnings tonight would help a lot.
Seriously,  Apple earnings blowout can propel the Dow to 23k tomorrow
Companies Guaranteed To Be Long-Term Winners 
 Apple  GOOG  Google  FB
Apple: Is The Media Too Obsessed With The iPhone 8?  GOOG  SSNLF  Google  Apple
Hilarious -  Siri will pick up faintest whispers when  AirPods on & get insulted if not flattering - You've been warned 

 Apple  tim_cook
Apple earnings on tap  Apple - buy low sell high = lifetime big profits & free newsletter - 
Guess who reports today?

 Apple  Apple  Apple
 Apple how many crappie phones are left to sell?
wheres the  Apple wolf guy? did he blowout?
Even a small delay will push   iPhone8 sales into  Apple's fiscal Q1 (Oct-Dec); higher Xmas sales but a leaner Q4. 
Heat Map as of 1:01 PM EST
 ZYNE  CMBX  RDFN  UAA  LL  HZN  TDW  DRYS  PLSE  UCTT  SHOP  UA  S  DWT  Apple  AMZN… 
ya know  QQQ  NQ_F  Apple is going to beat... just saying
 lovesick_sa longer term, yes.  This week is all about  Apple
 Apple I do believe in prayers .. TC, announce a BLOWOUT ER so Nasdaq can come bck to life..  DIA keeps hitting ATH daily !  QQQ  SOXX
 Apple reports earnings after the bell. Will there be any more details on its video plans,  LeonLazaroff asks. 
Are you ready for the New  Bitcoin😍 World Order? 


 Forex  Stocks  Blockchain… 
Today's million dollar PUT  options trade update:
 AMZN  DPZ  NTES  TSRO  BWLD  Apple  GOOG  TSLA  CHTR ...

Top  money flow today. Free stocks app  ACN,  SPY,  XLF,  QQQ,  BoeingBoeing,  FB,  GBIL,  Intel,… 
Don't miss our next FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at  NVDA  TSLA  GS  Apple  BoeingC  Google  FB
Apple Stock Price: 149.05  apple  Apple
 Apple:

Tuesday Apple Rumors: HomePod Firmware Confirms More iPhone …:


 ICNB - Iconic Brands - on watch for CANADA Wine Launch!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB… 
No John Nejarian, a 3.7% implied post-print move for  Apple is not "tiny". Apple options are priced as efficient as any stock on the planet.
 DVAX  DROPS IN NASDAQ SHORTS:  Intel  CY  PYPL  ORLY  GPRO  DVAX  Apple  TXN  PTEN  CSX  BBRY  OPK  PAYX  AFSI  TTMI… 
 Apple 149 straddle expiring this Friday at 5.45. IVOL 50%. Sep 1st expiry IVOL 23%.
Tuesday Apple Rumors: HomePod Firmware Confirms More iPhone 8 Rumors  Apple 
 Apple will
I believe  Apple is still in 'wave 4' profit taking mode. Long September call spread, but also long weekly put spread, looking for 140-137.
 Apple whisper number settles in at a 1.64 expectation, 7c ahead of analysts estimates 
 Apple &  YUM pre-earnings straddles, Plus:  GM,  LULU,  Boeing  AngieMiles  Bubba_Trading 
🚨 GET READY 🚨

Apple earnings at 4:30 PM ET today. Here's every  Apple earnings report (EPS and Revenue) since 2010 
Top Buy Flow Money -  SPY  QQQ  FB  Intel  Apple  HYG
Interesting for Apple  Apple earnings, iPhone shipments this qtr aren't AS important as guidance for the future in prep of iPhone 8 reveal.
StockTwits: 🚨 GET READY 🚨

Apple earnings at 4:30 PM ET today. Here's every  Apple earnings report (EPS and Revenue… 
Quick note on Apple  Apple 2017Q3 earnings today:

Analysts expect revenue of  44.89b, an increase of 6%, with a profit increase of ~ 11%.
Largest options flow of the day cost wise  Apple JUN18  155 Ps
 LABD Already up big since  5.60 and  5.80 buys so we scalp up and down. If  Apple craps the bed tonight whole market and semi's going down
 TSLA double top on the 5-minute chart  stockmarket  daytrading  daytrader  stocks  investing  finance  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  FB  SPY  QQQ  DIA
 Apple  patent 9,721,566: Competing devices responding to voice triggers  tech  IP 
 option_snipper On one hand,  Apple EPS means little vs i8 launch. On other, is market already starting to sell the… 
about 17 points away from 22k  DJIA. can Dow break it today before  Apple earnings?
Apple leak confirms wireless charging  Apple
 Apple, I expect a worse than expected earnings with confusing forward forecast when grilled. Low 140s for awhile. N… 
 VictorZubarev The Daily BOXER on  VIX,  SPX,  SPLV  QQQ  Apple.  Watching the Possible "Turns". Let's see what happens at the close and WED
How long would you wait to get your hands on the new iPhone?  Apple
The Dow's Top Players Are Getting Sick Of Winning 
 Apple  MCD  Walmart  MSFT  DIA  DJIA
 Apple Max Pain = 150.00. Maturity = 08/04/2017. Previous close = 148.73.  
 EddyElfenbein Excluding inside ownership from market cap weighting was also bad.  SPY

I believe  QQQ did somethin… 
again folks, said multiple times  amzn  googl now NOT good to consider. huge risks given BIG red candle on daily &… 
*Alert*  TST  CMG  AGN  IBM  PeP  TWX  Ge  GM  CMG  GOOG  Apple  AMZN  TSLA  SHAK  BRK  IeP  f  CAKE  SNAP  LLY  QQQ… 
Are The World's Biggest IT Companies Overvalued? 
 Apple  GOOG  Google  MSFT  FB  BoeingBoeing  TCEHY
 Apple:

Apple’s iPhone 8 May Cost Too Much and Arrive Late, but …:


 Apple all eyes 👀 on Apple 🍎 earnings today Chronicle Trade Group, LLC has a stake in call options "Risky"… 
My last phone from 2012 had wireless charging 🤔
 Apple
Apple reports earnings at 4:30pET today. Analysts estimate 40.7M iPhone shipments for Q3. 

How are you playing the… 
Apple asks India for supplier tax breaks  Apple
iPhone cases recalled after liquid glitter causes burns, blisters
 Apple
So if you are soooo scared of showing off your product as in  tsla M3 during your product reveal how do you dare co… 
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  COST  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
Watch for big beat by  aapl due to 3 year low in dollar which always impacted EPS. Nobody talking about this. Will be upside surprise.
 QQQ: DAILY 1 YEAR VOLATILITY CHART into  Apple results 
You can now choose from four different price charts   Apple  Google  GOOG 
 SPY 7 words that will change the way you trade or invest  investing  trading  stocks  stockmarket  finance  Apple  F
Apple leak confirms wireless charging  Apple (Telsa)  
Bought  aapl
🍎⬆️Expecting  Apple 2 move 2 the upside🍎⬆️😀 
 Apple This Explains Why an iPhone 8 Delay Could Actually Be a Good Sign for  Apple  stocks  stockmarket  investing
 NVDA Why I Love  Nvidia, Lam Research and a Dozen Other  Stocks  stockmarket  investing  finance  SPY  Apple  NFLX
 EddyElfenbein Pop quiz: Will  Apple pop after earnings today?
Here is the Simple Price Level to Watch ahead of Apple  Apple Earnings Today   
Apple's iPhone Now Impacts Almost Every Part of Its Business  Apple 
FINRA stats show PENNY STOCK VOLUME Explodes!  AMZN  TSLA  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S… 
Apple reports earnings today and let's all take a second to remember this moment 
 Apple
StockTwits: Apple reports earnings today and let's all take a second to remember this moment 
 Apple
 Apple,  Apple Apple's Stock Holds Steady Ahead Of Q3 Report - 
 Apple How I look at apple in August 
Apple doubles down on China as rivals pull ahead  Apple 
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team    FB  NFLX  AMZN  AGN  TSLA  Apple  GS
 P  AMZN  Google  SIRI  Apple:

Pandora Just Got a Big Boost From Smart Speakers like the Amazon …:


Who's ready for  Apple earnings tonight? Remember the importance of conviction! Here's a look  JimCramer's history w… 
 TECL  TECS  Apple  NFLX tech earnings announcements. Be on your toes traders!
 Apple  patent 9,721,563: Name recognition system  tech  IP 
 aapl stock price 1997 ❓

63 cents

 apple quarterly dividend 2017❓

63 cents

🇺🇸 capitalism  dividends  growthstock  pricefollowsearnings
 Apple leak confirms iPhone 8 wireless charging, BGR reports 
 PFE Option sellers win again.... as usual  QQQ  SPY  Apple  stocks  stockmarket  options  optionstrading  investing  finance  TWTR  BoeingBoeing  FB
Looking Ahead - August 2, 2017 - Apple Earnings Report (Apple)                  
 aapl
 WATT  Apple Apple leak confirms iPhone 8 wireless charging, BGR reports.  WATT halted.
Revenue estimates for Apple's September quarter are too high  Apple  Apple
This Explains Why an iPhone 8 Delay Could Actually Be a Good Sign for  Apple  Apple via  TheStreet
Apple Expected to Report Second-Best June Quarter Ever Today as Investors Look Ahead to iPhone 8… 
 TheTradingNinja What do you think about  aapl and investing in an option prior to tonight's report
Tech's Long-Term Top Performers 
 MU  MSFT  NVDA  CRM  TSLA  ADBE  Apple  AVGO  GOOG  Google  HIMX
Risking jail and life over  Apple iPhones
Romanian gang attempt truck robbery from bonnet of moving car via  YouTube
 Apple:

The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Apple:


 StockToWatch as Apple  Apple seeks tax breaks for suppliers to make  IPhones in India. See more:  Stocks  Shares
Top  money flow today. Free stocks app  SNI,  QQQ,  GBIL,  FB,  ACN,  SPY,  WFC,  Apple,… 
Here's who reports earnings TODAY after the closing bell

 Apple ❗️
 ILMN
 MTCH
 HLF
 FEYE
 DVN
 PZZA
 SPWR
 FANG

 Invierte sabiamente
Who is excited for  Apple earnings day?!🙋🏻🍎🙋🏿🍎🙋🏾‍♂️🍎🙋🏼‍♂️  Apple
 BoxsetBooks1 thanks for follow! All the best from  SanFrancisco! See Vista Partners  InvestingForLife… 
Is  Apple  Stock Climbing Its Own Wall of Worry?  investing 
Apple Stock Price: 148.96  apple  Apple
U.S. Active (Stock Wars):  Apple -0.11%,  Boeing -0.26%,  AMZN +1.18%,  DISCA +0.0%,  BTCUSD -3.375%  StockWars
If you normally do earnings plays, trading  Apple and  TSLA this week should be easy 
 Apple -  Earnings preview. Read my analysis towards Apple's earnings report  SPY  QQQ 
This Explains Why an iPhone 8 Delay Could Actually Be a Good Sign for Apple  Apple 
 DMR - Earnings releases from  PFE,  UAA,  S and  Apple following economic reports.  PWM 
Aug 01 Tuesday,  Apple is  148.91. Bearish target  147.80
 Apple apparently leaked the  1400 number. Expect them to "surprise" with a  1,199 model but get people to pay  1399+ for reasonable storage.
 Apple  SSNLF:

This Explains Why an iPhone 8 Delay Could Actually Be a Good …:


 Apple wireless charging confirmed from a leak...  Wireless charging is pointless bc the part you put your phone on needs to be plugged in?!?
There was a time that my stream would be filled with  Apple earnings tweets on the day they report
 Apple:

Apple Is Looking for More Tax Breaks in India:


Here's why an iPhone sales miss could be beneficial to Apple.  CheddarLIVE  Apple 
Dow  Stocks Trend  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  DD  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  MCD  JPM  DIS  UNH  V  HD  TRV  MMM  AXP  GS    
 FB 174 tomorrow. Thanks to  Apple ER tonight! :)
It's Show Me Time For America - Week Ahead  Apple  AET  AGIO  AMZN  CAT  CBB  CI  CL  CLX  COST  DAC  DIA  ED  ETSY
 Apple  patent 9,721,502: Organic light-emitting diode display with compensation...  tech  IP 
Sign up with me and we both get a share of stock like  Apple,  F, or  S for free. Make sure to use my link.


Wondering about risks of  Apple? The 63-day volatility is 9.52% 
Not sure what to expect from  Apple so straddling it. The pent up energy means it moves big in one way or another
My Latest:

 Apple Apple Unlikely to Break Multi-Year Resistance

 Apple no1 seems to enthusiastic after this overall earnings season flop on momo names
The Morning Dump  AI  Earnings  Bitcoin  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  FB  MSFT  battlegrounds  hacker  UK 
Retweeted Antonio Costa ( ACInvestorBlog):

" Sandman7591:  LQMT   rumored once again for the  Apple  8 iPhone... 
 CMI missed off last nights earnings. Still considering  NVDA straddle. Regrouping w/ the  REGN setup. All eyes on… 
The Compound Effect by Darren Hardy:  investing  compunding  SPY  Apple  MSFT  GE  KO  MSFT  AMZN
Apple earnings after the closing bell. Any chance we get an iPhone 8 release date? The Ocho! And how much cash will  Apple have? 🍎 🍏 📱 💰
"The hooting we’ve done about hi-tech. We don’t understand it, the worst business is airlines. What do we do? We bu… 
 Apple pump live
Some numbers and disclosures to keep an eye on as  Apple reports. 
" Sandman7591:  LQMT   rumored once again for the  Apple  8 iPhone  ...    Apple filed the patent in April"  huge accumulation lately
SAlphaTrending: Don't Get Fooled By Qualcomm  Apple  APPLE  NXPI  QCOM
barronsonline: Apple's  iPhoneX May Be As High as  1,100, Says JPMorgan  Apple
 Apple this is only gonna go higher once the new iphone comes out :P
ACTIVE TRADERS Try one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  Walmart  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
Code Unlock on  Apple  Apple  iPhone  LG  Samsung  ZTE  MetroPCS  ATT  Tmobile  Cricket Save Money  unlock  Code Codeunlock
 Apple one of many companies with Weeklys reporting after the close 
Even as their dispute gets nastier Qualcomm CEO still betting on a settlement with Apple  QCOM  Apple 
3 Key Predictions For Apple's Q3 Earnings Report  Apple 
Don't Get Fooled By Qualcomm  Apple  APPLE  NXPI  QCOM
 aapl upside always limited into earnings. But it shaved  6 in last few days which should help the bullish tone. Panicking gets you nowhere
 Apple weak, bull coming on CNBC
Watching  Apple Apple earnings after the close, feeling stock will react to the downside temporarily. Today pinning to the  149 level
Apple's  iPhoneX May Be As High as  1,100, Says  JPMorgan  Apple
tick tock tick tock...  just a matter of time  Apple  DJIA 
I’m sure it will be fine but I really love  Apple TouchId.  A little concerned about how things will work w/ out

 Apple determines the fate of the whole stock market tomorrow.  SPY  QQQ
 Apple 148.65 test. Key test here. Break here you test yesterdays lows of 148.15.  stockmarket  trade  invest
 TycoSecProTech thanks for follow! See Vista Partners  InvestingForLife  tech  UTX  MMM… 
 Apple doubles down on China as rivals pull ahead 
 LQMT   rumored once again for the  Apple  8 iPhone  ...    Apple filed the patent in April
 Apple:

Trump tweet shows he’s a Dow Jones Industrial Average man:


Selling  Apple ahead of earnings 👀 
BUY TO OPEN 
Symbol:  WIX CALLS
Exp: OCT 20
Strike:  65
Price:  4.3 -  4.4
Stop   3.1

 aapl
Inquire for LIVE TRADING ALERTS! 🚨
 OptionPros
 Apple holding market hostage. Nothing is going to move until their numbers come out after hours 
Holding lotto  Apple  NVDA  
Dead  AAL calls
 Apple essentially unchanged today (and for the last quarter) but up 28% ytd. The street is looking for  1.57 and  4… 
Cashing out that  Apple before the earnings report! 
5 Companies Account For Over 1/3 Of The Market's Rise  Apple  GOOG  Google  MSFT  FB  AMZN


Apple  Apple Expected to Report Second-Best June Quarter Ever.  
Benzinga: After the close, Apple is projected to post quarterly earnings at  1.57 per share on revenue of  44.8 billion. Will it beat?  Apple
This is one of the most relevant articles about  Apple now. Chip Companies Will Be Key Beneficiaries Of iPhone 8 R... 
 Apple 148.65 support area. Expect it to crack soon. Buyers disappearing. Option sellers need to sell puts on a sweep down to 147.50  stocks
Huge October  220 call on  Apple ..  stocks
 QQQ Top 10 Holdings  Apple  MSFT  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  CMCSA  Intel  CSCO  AMGN account for 52% of the weight.  
 Apple:

Apple Earnings Preview: Services And Upcoming iPhones In Focus:


 Apple up to bat with its ER after the close today! Predictions of  afterhours movement Up or Down? Let us know … 
 RedlerAllAccess Gun to the head, how'd you bet on  Apple earning this afternoon? Thanks.
NOW OFFERING 7 Day FREE Trial to  options day trading team Room or  TWTR feed 
 PCLN  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Tech giant  Apple reports earnings today after market close as it prepares for new iPhone launches.… 
Moneta Group Investment Advisors Upped Its Apple Com  Apple Stake by  592,365 as Market Valuation Rose ...
