Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Why a former employee thinks Apple is 'boring' under Tim Cook 1.3k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Apple CEO Tim Cook announces a new iPad during an Apple announcement in San Francisco. Image: Paul Sakuma/AP By Lance Ulanoff2017-01-19 05:49:18 UTC Analysis Being number one isn’t a lot of fun. Just ask Apple, which was just called "boring" by a former employee.  With a market cap of over $639 billion, Apple is the biggest company in the world. It has enviable profits and unit sales (every quarter it manages to sell tens of millions of iPhones, though that number is declining) and is slowly, but smartly, shifting its attention to its highly lucrative services business, which includes the App Store and Apple Pay.  SEE ALSO: Is Apple's App Store a monopoly? It’s also one of the most heavily scrutinized companies on the planet. Apple cultivates a level of secrecy and loyalty rarely found in business. Which is why when one member of the fold cleaves off and starts talking, people listen. Bob Burrough spent seven seminal years with Apple (2007 to 2014), managing software and Q+A on iPods, the iPhone and iPads. He worked under iPod team leader Tony Fadell (who left in 2008 to found Nest in 2010) and witnessed both the late Steve Jobs and Tim Cook operate as CEO.  He thinks there is a distinct and potentially damaging difference between the two leaders. “The first thing Tim did as CEO was convert Apple from dynamic change-maker into a boring operations company,” wrote Burrough in a Tweet. Burrough later qualified this charge, explaining that Cook’s decision to fire former Apple hotshot and software lead Scott Forstall was solely so Cook could “have peace…which is to say there is no conflict.” He claimed that Cook running the company meant the end of conflict, and maybe innovation, at Apple.  @asymco @JohnKirk Tim Cook fired Scott Forstall and aligned the executive staff so as to have peace. ...which is to say there is no conflict — ᴮᵒᵇ ᴮᵘʳʳᵒᵘᵍʰ (@bob_burrough) January 16, 2017 The conflict hasn’t disappeared from the organization, but Burrough contends that it has moved down to middle managers, whose ranks, he claims, “have exploded” at Apple. “This is all an extreme contrast to the way it was under Steve. Thin, competitive, dynamic,” tweeted Burrough. There is no question that Steve Jobs managed differently than Cook. In Walter Isaacson’s Steve Jobs biography, Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak described Jobs “terrorizing folks.” He was a shouter who inspired passion by wearing his heart on his sleeve.  “He would shout at a meeting, ‘You asshole, you never do anything right,’” [former finance chief at Apple] Debi Coleman recalled. “It was like an hourly occurrence. Yet I consider myself the absolute luckiest person in the world to have worked with him.” Cook, who joined Apple in 1997 (the same year Jobs returned from exile) is quite a different beast. He’s a master of process, manufacturing and inventory management. He has a slow, laconic way of speaking. Even an outsider like me can see he’s harder to read than Jobs was. Obviously, Apple is a different company than it was under Jobs. Insiders confirm this, though they also insist that what makes Apple Apple has not changed. What Burrough calls “conflict” still exists. It’s called debate. Cook did fire Forstall, but, it was, it seems, to remove politics that might hamper collaboration. In a 2012 interview, Cook explained how such changes improved collaboration. Without mentioning his name, Cook implied that Forstall might have been at the center of some executive-level jockeying, which didn’t sit well with Cook: And there can’t be politics. I despise politics,” he told Bloomberg, “There is no room for it in a company. My life is going to be way too short to deal with that. No bureaucracy. We want this fast-moving, agile company where there are no politics, no agendas. For Burrough, who now leads an on-demand 3D printing company, Blit It, Forstall’s departure signaled a bigger change.  In a Twitter direct message exchange, Burrough told me: “Tim Cook made changes that implied very strongly that there was to be no conflict amongst the executive staff. Giving human interface design of the software to Jony [Ive] was part of that. That decision was made because it was understood that the other executives could better work with Jony than with Scott Forstall. Heck, Bob Mansfield [Apple Senior Hardware Engineer] unretired due to that change.” Burrough, though, admitted that no one at Apple had ever told him to avoid conflict. He also tweeted: @LanceUlanoff It isn't like anyone said "don't be passionate anymore." It's that groups of passionate people naturally have conflict. — ᴮᵒᵇ ᴮᵘʳʳᵒᵘᵍʰ (@bob_burrough) January 18, 2017 Other former Apple execs have chaffed at the idea that Steve Jobs ever fostered internal competition.  Burrough’s former boss Tony Fadell tweeted: Wrong!!! There was never a competition. We, together, were searching for the best solution. Steve asked us to test all the possibilities... https://t.co/DNkT2WZnqV — Tony Fadell (@tfadell) January 11, 2017 Apple insiders tell me that Burrough’s perspective is just plain wrong. The company’s culture of debate and argument is still there, even at the executive and leadership level. “Jobs was very passionate, but I have seen more fire in Cook’s eyes as he has grown in this new role,” said Creative Strategies president and analyst Tim Bajarin in an email to me. Bajarin has watched Apple from the sidelines for decades and met with Jobs on multiple occasions over the years. He has only had one sit-down with Cook.  “I find these comments about Apple being boring interesting. They are still making incredible profits and it is clear from Cook that Apple is not standing still when it comes to trying to innovate,” added Bajarin. Apple’s problem is not, perhaps, conflict, debate or even a lack of fire in the corporate belly. It’s perception. The famously secretive company lives inside a growing black hole of rumor, guesswork and innuendo. Coupled with that is the inescapable reality of hardware development.  After a solid decade of one high-profile category launch after another, Apple seems mired in a hole it helped dig. The now decade-old iPhone set the standard for all smartphones that would come after it. Today, all of them look like iPhones and each other. We’re nearing the limits of screen size, resolution, product thickness and battery tolerances. The most significant changes can be found in software. Hardware changes only incrementally now. And when it does change more radically, like the removal of the headphone jack, Apple gets plenty of criticism. The desperation for that shiny new thing, though, is palpable. Entering and disrupting categories is risky business. Dreams of an Apple Car and Apple TV set have been dashed against the rocky shores of market realities.  An Apple that focuses on the growing and dependable service business is, no doubt, duller than the one that introduced the first iPhone or iPad. Would more conflict make Apple a more exciting company? Maybe. Would it result in more exciting product launches? Maybe, maybe not.  If, in 2017, Apple does deliver the Next Big Thing, all will be forgiven and Burrough’s comments (and maybe Burrough himself)  forgotten. Apple will be the innovator. If not, people may be going back to Twitter and Bob Burrough’s feed, wondering if he got it right, after all.  BONUS: Everything we think we know about the next iPhone Topics: Apple, Gadgets, iPad, iPhone, Tech, tim cook About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance International Government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Source : By : Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh Last Updated: Thu, Jan 19, 2017 10:55 hrs Tweet Mail Print NEW DELHI  - Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics  and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News The symptoms and remedies for a true Indian patriot Why Muslims in Uttar Pradesh won't be fooled by Owaisi Remonetise India - A citizen's pledge has been kicked Off by Times Network Jallikattu and a clash of views in Tamil Nadu Right wing vs BJP: Goa's unusual Assembly election race Think before you say 'Kill all molesters, Kill all rapists' The fall of West Bengal Will 'Chinnamma' Sasikala be the new TN CM? More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 29/01/2017 13:56:52 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 11:00 | 19/01/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's (AAPL.O) demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. A salesperson waits for customers at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017.  The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favor being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." Source: Reuters Indian government, Apple, lure foreign investors   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Facebook's Zuckerberg questioned at trial over virtual-reality technology Britain to leave EU market as May sets 'hard Brexit' course Asia stocks hover near three-month highs; sterling in spotlight Art imitates life? Kim Kardashian films cameo for jewel heist movie Trump vows 'insurance for everybody' in replacing Obamacare China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags Ice storm pelts central U.S., causing deadly road conditions Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK South Korea investigators mull arrest warrant for Samsung leader: Yonhap     Top Stories Foreign investors rush to develop low-cost apartments in HCM City ASEAN bloc investments booming, VN among best destinations Sunrise at Vietnam’s famous tourist destinations Ly Quoc Su – A Hanoi's street for good food Fertilizer from earthworms: product for organic agriculture Will Da Nang’s plan to attract talent fail? Will Vietnam surpass China in pollution? South Korean goods weaving their way through Vietnam’s market Vietnam’s securities to attract foreign funds Tham Phay – another Son Doong Cave in Bac Kan Latest News HCM City launches digital traffic app Smartphone market: Vietnamese brands thrive among foreign giants Too many, too little: a teaching conundrum Home appliance retailers gear up in race to expand Father’s legacy helps sons keep village craft alive A tour of Thoi Son isle in Mekong Delta province of Tien Giang Breakthrough made in improving Vietnam’s tourism image Waking up Khuon Than’s sleeping beauty Bai Tu Long Bay – Another heaven in Quang Ninh province Can Tho farmers’ engagement help boost responsible tourism     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles Features Indian Government Wants Apple, but Not All Officials Are Biting  Reuters, 19 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights India keen for Apple to produce its signature smartphones there Samsung, Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country Apple looking to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the US tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Letter spells out demands Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on October 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. Meeting next week On January 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, California-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." © Thomson Reuters 2017 Tags: Apple, Apple Manufacturing in India, Make in India, India, Mobiles, Narendra Modi, Tim Cook Reliance Jio Happy New Year Offer: Idea Challenges TRAI Permission for Promo Extension Why Nintendo Should Bring the Switch to India Indian Government Wants Apple, but Not All Officials Are Biting     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Intex Cloud Q11 4G Intex Cloud Style 4G Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 Popular Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi 16 मेगापिक्सल सेल्फी कैमरे वाला ओप्पो ए57 भारत में होगा लॉन्च सैमसंग गैलेक्सी एस8 की फोटो, स्पेसिफिकेशन व लॉन्च की तारीख लीक भीम एंड्रॉयड ऐप हुआ अपडेट, मिलेंगे कई नए फ़ीचर Latest Videos 02:15 360 Daily: Xiaomi Skipping MWC 2017, HP's Massive Laptop Battery Recall and More 02:51 Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumours and Predictions 02:36 Games of February 2017: Our Top Picks 01:57 Panasonic Eluga Prim Review 02:55 360 Daily: BSNL Unveils Free Calling Plans, New iOS and macOS Features Unveiled, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Cloud Kitchens Take the Risk Out of Trying New Places - and the Reward Rohan Naravane UPI Has an Identity Problem That's Stopping It From Taking Off Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Advertisement Recent Google Maps Now Shows You the Parking Situation at Your Destination Google Takes Action Against Shady Ads That Scam Users, Among Other Things WhatsApp for Android Could Soon Get Revoke, Edit Sent Message Feature Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Case Renders Leaked; Show Off Design COAI Approaches TRAI Against BSNL's App-Based Calling Service Nokia MIKA Digital Assistant Launched to Aid Telecom Operators Classic Adventure Puzzle Game 'Myst' Now Available on Android Facebook Introduces NFC-Based 2FA Process for Added Security HP Recalls About 101,000 Laptop Batteries Due to Fire and Burn Hazards US President Trump Reportedly Still Using an Unsecured Android Device More News TRENDING Chrome 56 Now Available; Starts Marking Certain HTTP Sites as 'Not Secure COAI Approaches TRAI Against BSNL's App-Based Calling Service There Is No White Nokia 6 Colour Variant, Confirms HMD Global WhatsApp for Android Could Soon Get Revoke, Edit Sent Message Feature Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Case Renders Leaked; Show Off Design Flappy Bird Creator's New Game Is Just as Addictive and Frustrating Google Takes Action Against Shady Ads That Scam Users, Among Other Things Idea to Launch ‘Digital Idea’ Apps Suite to Take on Reliance Jio Nokia MIKA Digital Assistant Launched to Aid Telecom Operators Aadhaar Pay for Cashless Transactions to Be Launched Soon: Prasad Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News iPhone Report Adds to Apple iPhone 8 Curved OLED Display Rumor; Sensors Get Embedded By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on January 19 2017 01:53 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email Perhaps by now, it is not news to most that the iPhone 8 is rumored to have a curved display. The said display will be a 5.8-inch OLED panel that are curved on both sides. This style or design will make it appear that the iPhone 8 display will have a “wrap-around” effect. Furthermore, there have also been rumors that Apple intends to embed most of the sensors underneath the display; home button included. According to Apple Insider, a report from analyst Timothy Acuri of Cowen and Company adds to the previous rumors about the iPhone 8’s display. In the report, Acuri stated that the display for the iPhone 8 will feature a wrap-around design. In addition, the switch to OLED display technology can also be expected on the upcoming iPhone from Apple. Furthermore, he also added that the design will also feature sensors, like the home button, embedded underneath the display. Among the sensors that Acuri talked about in the report, he talks about the possibility of gesture and facial recognition sensors for the iPhone 8. According to Acuri, he expects Apple to include a laser sensor and infrared camera on the next Apple flagship. This will be in addition to the rumored virtual home button with Touch ID feature. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge with curved OLED display (via samsung.com) In addition to these supposed new features, the iPhone 8 is also rumored to finally support wireless charging. This is based on earlier reports that the upcoming phone will have a metal frame between two glass panels. The glass panel at the back of the phone chassis will enable the wireless charging feature to e adopted, something that cannot be done on full metal chassis. Unfortunately, these reports are nothing new when it comes to the iPhone 8. In fact, it has been reiterated many times that Apple is rumored to switch to the curved OLED display for the phone. In addition to these, many patent filing from Apple have surfaced the Internet about the embedded sensor designs from the company. However, the inclusion of infrared sensors for facial recognition is something new, although not entirely new on mobile devices. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. READ ALSO: Samsung Galaxy S8 Releasing in March; Priced at $850 Related Items:Apple iPhone 8 Release Date, Apple iPhone 8 Rumors, Apple iPhone 8 Specs Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Reportedly Making Upcoming iPhone More Water and Dust Resistant Apple Getting Ready with iPhone 8 Release by Streamlining Manufacturing Process iPhone 8 Release Could Boost Apple’s Sales, Says Expert About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Tekken 7 DLC: “We Do Not Sell Classic Tekken Characters,” Says Director Rainbow Six Siege: Renown Bonus Event And Free 1 Day Booster After Server Outage The Sims 4 Cheats For City Living, Vampire Mode: Everything You Need To Know Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Viral: You’ll Never Guess What This Monk Work At Night Buddhist monks are usually a group of people who are seen by many as... Resident Evil 7 Sales Numbers: Capcom Inches In On Resident Evil 5’s Lifetime Sales Resident Evil 7 has already reached 2.5 million sales three days since its release.... Resident Evil 7 Banned Footage Vol. 2 DLC: Magazine Scan Shows First Images For The Daughters, Jack’s 55th Birthday, And 21 Shortly after the launch of Resident Evil 7, Capcom revealed the first set of... Splatoon 2 Special Abilities: All Weapon Skills We Know So Far During the last Nintendo Switch reveals, the Splatoon 2 trailer was released and it... Injustice 2 Characters: Nightwing Not Returning As Damien Wayne Dons Robin Costume After revealing Robin as one of the Injustice 2 characters, NetherRealms has decided to... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 mobile gaming The Division featured no man's sky PC iOS pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick facebook playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Blizzard Pokemon Go Update Game of Thrones games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   New Apple iPad Pro, Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Likely to Appear in March       New Apple iPad Pro, Microsoft Surface Pro Likely to Appear in March     By Wayne Rash  |  Posted 2017-01-18 Print               NEWS ANALYSIS: It appears increasingly likely that updated Apple iPad Pro and Microsoft Surface Pro tablets will compete head to head starting this spring. Apple has a surprising problem with its iPad tablets. Microsoft seems to have stolen the creative market mindshare with its latest Surface tablet and it's sure that the Redmond giant has every intention of keeping it that way. Apple, meanwhile, hasn’t introduced a new version of the iPad Air for over two years, and it’s been nearly a year and a half since it introduced the 12.9-inch version of the iPad Pro. During much of this time Microsoft has been advertising the Surface Pro 4’s capabilities as a creative platform and its support for a stylus that's well integrated with the Windows 10 hardware and applications. For example the stylus allows people with a creative touch draw realistic pencil sketches on the screen. While Apple has a few apps that support its stylus, the Apple Pencil, it really doesn’t do as much. But now, both the iPad Pro and the Microsoft Surface Pro are being refreshed and it appears both will be announced in March. With Microsoft the date is pretty easy to figure out, if only because the company has started discounting the Surface Pro 4, and that always starts happening a couple of months before the new version so Microsoft can clear out its inventory. With Apple, the March time frame is highly probable if only because the 9.7-inch iPad Pro was announced March 21, 2016. But given this probable time frame, what is Apple going to introduce? There’s a lot of speculation with rumors pointing to either a new iPad Air 3 or a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. A new 12.9-inch iPad Pro is virtually certain. Whether there’ll be a new iPad Mini is still a matter of conjecture. The iPad Pro was originally conceived as being aimed primarily at business users, which is why the device supports an attached keyboard and the Pencil. In March 2016 Apple announced a new iPad Pro with improved features such as a better camera in a smaller size, this time 9.7 inches. But when compared to the steady annual pace of the iPhone, the iPad series has been upgraded at a very leisurely pace. Still the iPad has become a critical part of some industries, such as aviation, where iPads have virtually eliminated the use of paper in the cockpits ranging from general aviation to major airlines. Clearly, if Apple is to remain relevant among business users, there needs to be some effort to update the technology. That’s what Apple plans to do. At the very least, Apple will bring the 12.9-inch iPad up the same feature standards as the smaller iPad Pro. This would include a 12 megapixel camera and a better screen. A faster processor is almost a given with the next in line being the A10X. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Science Foundation, Carmakers Collaborate on Autonomous Vehicles Samsung Reveals Cause of Galaxy Note7 Battery Fires, Explosions Google Voice Telephony Service Gets First Update in 5 Years More Than 250,000 Android Apps Updated Through Google's ASI Program New Apple iPad Pro, Microsoft Surface Pro Likely to Appear in March                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Republic Day #Raees #Kaabil #BMC election #Bigg Boss 10 #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Mumbai Crime: Mother and child found dead, kid's body stuffed inside bed 'Lesbianism is perversion, gay women mental degenerates' ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime note ban BMC Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES IND vs ENG T20 ODI: Combination woes for Virat Kohli as India gear up to save series against England Australian Open: It's a privilege to face Roger Federer, says Rafael Nadal ToPICs India vs England Viarat Kohli EPL BCCI Formula One ISL Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Marathi actor gets threats for playing Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse Mumbai food: Heady mix of latest cocktails with infused alcohol ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES 'Bigg Boss 10': 5 things to look forward to in tonight's finale Bollywood unites to slam attack on Sanjay Leela Bhansali in Jaipur ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext Tech: A look at Apple Inc's many innovations By mid-day online correspondent | Posted 19-Jan-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now On the 34th anniversary of the introduction of Apple Lisa, we look at the tech giant's many products from the beginning till the present time that went on to make it a household name... The beginning... Apple I: The first ever technological endeavour by Apple, the Apple I kits were computers single handedly designed and hand-built by co-founder Steve Wozniak, who demonstrated it at the Homebrew Computer Club. Consisting of a motherboard with CPU, RAM, and basic textual-video chips it went on sale in July 1976 at a market price of USD 666.66. Apple co-founders Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs, (below) the Apple I. Pics/YouTube The Apple 1 was actually sold as an assembled circuit board and lacked basic features such as a keyboard, monitor, and case. The owner of the unit pictured here added a keyboard and a wooden case. Apple II: Another invention of Steve Wozniak, the Apple II was introduced on April 16, 1977, at the first West Coast Computer Faire. Its character cell-based color graphics and open architecture set it apart from major rivals, the TRS-80 and Commodore PET. An undated image of Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak. Pic/YouTube While early Apple II models used ordinary cassette tapes as storage devices, they were superseded by the introduction of a 5 1/4 inch floppy disk drive and interface called the Disk II, which was designed by Steve Wozniak as a means to replace the slower cassette tape storage and cannot be used with any Macintosh computer without an Apple IIe Card as doing so will damage the drive or the controller. VisiCalc, a spreadsheet program, created a business market for the Apple II and gave home users an additional reason to buy an Apple II: compatibility with the office. Before that Apple had been a distant third place competitor to Commodore and Tandy. Apple III: It was introduced on May 19, 1980 in an attempt to compete with IBM and Microsoft. The product was largely considered a failure in the market as it required a design overhaul and a recall of existing machines due to serious stability issues that led the Apple III to be formally reintroduced in the autumn of 1980. Development stopped and the Apple III was discontinued on April 24, 1984, and the III Plus was dropped from the Apple product line in September 1985. The Apple Lisa. Pic/AFP Apple Lisa: The Apple Lisa was the first personal computer to offer a graphical user interface in a machine aimed at individual business users. The Lisa featured protected memory, cooperative multitasking, a generally more sophisticated hard disk based operating system, a built-in screensaver, an advanced calculator with a paper tape and RPN, support for up to 2 megabytes (MB) of RAM, expansion slots, a numeric keypad, data corruption protection schemes and a larger higher-resolution display. Despite this, the Lisa sold poorly, with only 100,000 units sold. Success with the Macintosh... Apple Macintosh: Apple introduced the first Macintosh computer on January 24 in 1984 as the first personal computer intended for the mass consumer market. It stood out for featuring the an integral graphical user interface and mouse. Users communicated with the computer, using a metaphorical desktop that included icons of real life items, instead of abstract textual commands. An undated image of a young Steve Jobs posing with an Apple Macintosh. Pic/YouTube The now-famous Ridley Scott directed Television commercial named '1984', which is considered Apple's watershed moment was made to market the Macintosh. Costing a whopping 1.5 million to make, it featured an unnamed heroine to represent the coming of the Macintosh as a means of saving humanity from the "conformity" of IBM's attempts to dominate the computer industry and alluded to author George Orwell's famous novel Ninteen Eighty-Four. (Read more about the Macintosh) Macintosh Portable: The Macintosh Portable was Apple's first "portable" Macintosh computer, released in 1989. It featured a fast, sharp, and expensive black and white active matrix LCD screen in a hinged design that covered the keyboard when the machine was not in use. The Portable was one of the early consumer laptops to employ an active matrix panel, and only the most expensive of the initial Powerbook line, the Powerbook 170, used one, due to the high cost. The cursor pointing function was handled by a built-in trackball that could be removed and located on either side of the keyboard. It used expensive SRAM in an effort to maximize battery life and to provide an "instant on" low power sleep mode. The machine was designed to be high-performance, at the cost of price and weight. Although it was received with excitement from most critics but consumer sales were quite low. Apple goes beyond computing... iPod: Apple debuted its digital music player, the iPod on October 23, 2001. It became phenomenally successful after sales began on November 10 of the same year. Over 100 million units were sold within six years. Apple introduced the iTunes Store in 2003, which offered offered online music downloads for $0.99 a song and integration with the iPod. The iTunes store quickly became the market leader in online music services, with over 5 billion downloads by June 19, 2008. An attendee holds the iPod Touch at an Apple Special event on 5th September 2007 in San Francisco, California. Pic/AFP Several updated models have since been introduced, and the iPod brand is now the market leader in portable music players by a significant margin.  Apple has partnered with Nike to offer the Nike+iPod Sports Kit, enabling runners to synchronize and monitor their runs with iTunes and the Nike+ website. The Apple iPod has three current variants namely... iPod Shuffle: A small ultra-portable digital audio player with 2GB storage capacity, which was introduced in 2005. iPod Nano: Portable media player with 16GB storage, also introduced in 2005, currently features a multi-touch interface and includes an FM radio and a pedometer. iPod Touch: Portable media player that runs iOS and was released on September 12, 2012 and is currently available in 16, 32 and 64 GB models. The current generation features the Apple A5 processor, a Retina display, Siri and dual cameras on the front (1.2 megapixel sensor) and back (5 megapixel iSight). The latter camera supports HD video recording at 1080p. iMac: Apple introduced a new all-in-one computer reminiscent of the Macintosh 128K: the iMac on August 15, 1998. Its design team would later design the iPod and the iPhone. The iMac featured modern technology and a unique design, and sold almost 800,000 units in its first five months. MacBook Pro: This high-end 15-inch laptop computer was released on January 10, 2006 during the Apple–Intel transition and thus became one of Apple's first computers along with the iMac to feature an Intel microprocessor. A 17-inch model was released in April, both of which received several updates and Core 2 Duo processors later in the year. A second model known as the 15-inch MacBook Pro and the 13-inch aluminum unibody MacBook, which contained a casing made from a single block of aluminum debuted in October 2008 followed by a 17-inch model, along with the built-in battery that joined the rest of the MacBook Pro line in June 2009, including the 13-inch model which Apple absorbed into the MacBook Pro line. Apple released the third generation of MacBook Pro in June 2012 with a 15-inch screen. It's most substantial differences are the fitting of a significantly higher resolution Retina display, the elimination of the optical drive, and replacement of hard disk drives with solid-state drives. A 13-inch third generation MacBook Pro was released in October 2012. The game changer... iPhone: Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone at the Macworld conference on January 9, 2007. was released in the United States on June 29, 2007 and later made available in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Portugal, the Republic of Ireland and Austria in November of the same year. Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveils the iPhone at the Macworld Conference 09 January 2007 in San Francisco, California. Pic/AFP Several tech consumers reportedly waited outside many Apple and AT&T retail stores days before the gadget's launch with many stores reporting stock shortages within an hour. Apple CEO Steve Jobs initially wanted to utilise a multi-touch touchscreen through which he could interact with a computer by typing directly onto the display in the same essence as a tablet computer. This would virtually remove the use of the physical keyboard and mouse. The iPhone made this possible. (Read more about the first iPod and following versions) iPad: Apple introduced their media tablet, the iPad on January 27, 2010. It ran a modified version of the iOS and offered multi-touch interaction with many multimedia formats including, newspapers, ebooks, photos, videos, music, word processing documents, video games and exisiting iPhone apps. Content for the iPad is downloadable via Wi-Fi and optional 3G service or syncing through the user's computer. The mobile version of the browser Safari enables web browsing with access to the App Store, iTunes Library and other Apple-specific services. Since its launch, iPad users have downloaded three billion apps. The total number of App Store downloads is over 25 billion. The iPad Mini 3 and the iPad Air 2. Pic/AFP Apple unveiled the iPad 2, which had a faster-processor and a camera on the front and back on March 2, 2011, followed by the third-generation iPad, which was released on March 7, 2012 and was marketed as 'the new iPad' with an upgraded A5X processor and Retina display. The fourth-generation iPad, marketed as the 'iPad with Retina Display' came out on October 23, 2012, which added the upgraded A6X processor and replaced the traditional 30-pin dock connector with the all-digital Lightning connector.   The iPad Mini, featuring a reduced 7.9-inch screen was introduced later, which contained the same internal specifications of the iPad 2. The iPad Air and the iPad Mini with Retina Display were unveiled on October 22, 2013, with a new 64 bit Apple-A7 processor. The iPad Air 2 was unveiled on October 16, 2014. It added better graphics and central processing and a camera burst mode as well as minor updates. The iPad Mini 3 was unveiled at the same time. Apple TV: Steve Jobs demonstrated the Apple TV, a digital media player and video streaming service at the 2007 Macworld conference. The device originally incorporated a 40GB hard drive for storage with HDMI outputs and component video and played video at a maximum resolution of 720p. The Apple TV links up to a user's TV and syncs, either via Wi-Fi or a wired network, with one computer's iTunes library and streams content from an additional four. A 160 GB drive was released alongside the existing 40 GB model on May 31 2007 and media could be purchased directly from the Apple TV following a software update on January 15, 2008. The 40GB drive was discontinued on September 2009. A completely redesigned version was unveiled on September 1, 2010, which is 1/4 the size, runs quieter, and replaces the need for a hard drive with media streaming from any iTunes library on the network along with 8 GB of flash memory to cache media downloaded.   Running on the A4 processor, the Apple TV's features include access to the iTunes Store to rent movies and TV shows, streaming from internet video sources, including YouTube and Netflix, and media streaming from an iTunes library. A third generation with added features lke 1080p video resolution was unveiled on March 7 2012. Apple Watch: Apple unveiled its entry in the smartwatch market, the Apple Watch on 9th March 2015. It is a high-end device that allows users to make and receive calls and messages and track health and fitness. Connecting to the iPhone, the Apple Watch is designed as a wrist device for messaging and calls and for a variety of health tracking applications. The watch is also integrated with Apple Pay's mobile wallet, and can be used to view pictures and monitor news, and also connect to social media. (Know more about the Apple watch) Other honourable mentions: Apple Online Store: Apple introduced the Apple Online Store on November 10, 1997, which was tied to a new build-to-order manufacturing strategy. App Store: Apple launched the App Store to sell third-party applications for the iPhone and iPod Touch. Within a month, the store sold 60 million applications and registered an average daily revenue of $1 million. Mac OS X: The operating system based on NeXT's OPENSTEP and BSD Unix, was released on March 24, 2001 after several years of development. Aimed at consumers and professionals alike, Mac OS X aimed to combine the stability, reliability and security of Unix with the ease of use afforded by an overhauled user interface. To aid users in migrating from Mac OS 9, the new operating system allowed the use of OS 9 applications within Mac OS X as the Classic environment. This meant that users were able to continue running their old applications. Ronald Wayne Did you know? >> According to Steve Jobs, the company's name was inspired by his visit to an apple farm while on a fruitarian diet. Jobs thought the name "Apple" was "fun, spirited and not intimidating". >> Apple's initial logo designed by Ron Wayne, depicts Sir Isaac Newton sitting under an apple tree. It was almost immediately replaced by Rob Janoff's "rainbow Apple", the now-familiar rainbow-colored silhouette of an apple with a bite taken out of it. Apple officially dropped the rainbow scheme and began to use monochromatic logos nearly identical in shape to the previous rainbow incarnation from August 27, 1999. >> Apple was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne on April 1, 1976, to develop and sell personal computers. Wayne sold his share of the company back to Jobs and Wozniak for USD 800 after Apple was incorporated on January 3, 1977. >> After visiting Xerox PARC in December 1979 to see the Xerox Alto, Steve Jobs was convinced that all future computers would use a graphical user interface (GUI), and development of a GUI began for the Apple Lisa. >> In 1982, after Steve Jobs was forced out of the Lisa project, he joined the Macintosh project. The Macintosh is not a direct descendant of Lisa, although there are obvious similarities between the systems. The final revision, the Lisa 2/10, was modified and sold as the Macintosh XL. >> In 1985 a power struggle developed between Jobs and CEO John Sculley, which culminated into his resignation from Apple and the founding of NeXT Inc. the same year. Tags: Apple Apple Inc Steve Jobs birthday Steve Jobs birth anniversary Steve Jobs Steve Wozniak Apple 1 Apple Lisa Apple Macintosh Macintosh MacBook Pro iPod Apple iPod iPhone Apple iPhone iPad Apple iPad Apple Watch Apple TV tech history tech rewind Previous StoryNow you can soon find nutritional value of your food on appNext Story Facebook inbox on desktop gets revamped with Messenger Related Stories Mumbai food: Heady mix of latest cocktails with infused alcohol Food News | 28-Jan-2017 What is good and bad about Apple iOS 10.2.1 Technology News | 25-Jan-2017 What is good and bad about Apple iOS 10.2.1 Technology News | 25-Jan-2017 Flipkart Republic Day sale: Offers in Apple, Samsung, Xiaomi, other consumer electronics Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 Download now: iOS 10.2.1, macOS 10.12.3 updates for iPhones, iPads and more Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 Tech Rewind: When the Apple Macintosh was first introduced Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 PHOTO VIDEO In Pictures: 17 challenging roles played by Bollywood actors 'Raees', 'Rustom' and more: 22 films inspired by real life Photos: Shilpa Shetty Kundra, Jacqueline Fernandez rock the airport look Spotted: Dia Mirza, Neha Dhupia and Rhea Chakraborty in Bandra Photos: Jackie Chan, Raveena Tandon on 'The Kapil Sharma Show' Why did Vidya stop communicating with her parents while shooting for 'Bhool Bhulaiya'? Slappies 6: Will Rakhi beat Katrina in the worst actress category? Hrithik creates magic post the release of 'Kaabil' Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked in Jaipur! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding World's heaviest woman battles for life: What we know so far National News|27-Jan-2017 Bobby Deol reveals how Imtiaz Ali 'cheated him', fight with alcoholism Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Photos: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sophie Choudry party with Manish Malhotra Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 These photos of Ranveer Singh's Pakistani 'twin' will blow your mind Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Spotted: Sarika and Atul Kulkarni at Juhu multiplex Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 'Love you bro': Arjun Rampal thanks Lalit Modi for saving his mother's life Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Harshvardhan Kapoor apologises to Diljit Dosanjh for his 'nasty' remark Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Mumbai: Central Railway awards alert drivers who averted rail disaster National News|26-Jan-2017 Yummy Mummy! Kareena Kapoor Khan slays in a sexy backless dress Bollywood News|26-Jan-2017 Subramanian Swamy threatens to drag Arnab Goswami to court National News|26-Jan-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Mumbai Crime: Mother and child found dead, kid's body stuffed inside bed National News|6 hours R Madhavan has lost weight and now he looks unrecognisable! Bollywood News|5 hours 'Sultan' vs 'Khiladi': This is why Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar are poles apart Bollywood News|36 minutes ago Mumbai: Mentally unsound man throws stones, destroys Christ cross National News|6 hours Bobby Deol reveals how Imtiaz Ali 'cheated him', fight with alcoholism Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Yummy Mummy! Kareena Kapoor Khan slays in a sexy backless dress Bollywood News|26-Jan-2017 Actress hospitalised after being attacked by stray dogs in Mumbai National News|26-Jan-2017 'Love you bro': Arjun Rampal thanks Lalit Modi for saving his mother's life Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Entertainment Search Search SIGN IN Subscribe Koch BrothersThe Koch Brothers Plan to Spend as Much as $400 Million in 2018 Races ImmigrationFederal Judge Bars Deportations Under President Trump's Immigration Order awardsDonald Trump's Immigration Order May Bar Oscar-Winning Iranian Director From Attending Academy Awards TexasTexas Mosque 'Completely Destroyed' in Early-Morning Fire Singer Fiona Apple performs onstage during the "We Rock with Standing Rock" benefit concert on Dec.18, 2016 in Los Angeles, California.  Scott Dudelson—Getty Images Music Listen to Fiona Apple's Donald Trump Protest Anthem Tiny Hands Will Robinson / Entertainment Weekly Jan 19, 2017 Fiona Apple is gearing up for Saturday’s Women’s March on Washington with a new song, titled “Tiny Hands.” The singer-songwriter teamed up with composer Michael Whalen to create the minute-long track, which Apple recorded on her phone and released Tuesday. The song, which references Donald Trump, is meant to serve as a chant for protesters speaking out against the President-elect, whose inauguration takes place Friday in Washington, D.C. Sampling Trump’s own words from the Access Hollywood tape in which Trump made vulgar comments about women, Apple sings, “We don’t want your tiny hands, anywhere near our underpants.” Apple previously attacked Trump during the holiday season in a parody of Nat King Cole’s “The Christmas Song,” with the iconic openings lines altered: “Trump’s nuts roasting on an open fire/as he keeps nipping at his foes/You’ll cry creepy uncle/every time he arrives/for he keeps clawing at your clothes.” Trump has denied all accusations of sexual assault and misconduct. Hear the song below. This article originally appeared on Ew.com Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. SIGN IN SUBSCRIBE Search Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People The 25 Best Inventions of 2015 Future of Giving Global Trade Know Right Now Next Generation Leaders Person of the Year 2015 Top 10 Everything of 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service Follow TIME SHARE Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Sunday, January 29, 2017 As of 7:31 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iPad Pro 2 & Apple Pencil 2 update: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 toughest competitor to next-gen iPad models By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on January 19 2017 3:23 PM 0 0 0 0 A man uses an Apple Pencil on an Apple iPad Pro at the Apple Store in Palo Alto, California November 13, 2015. Reuters/Stephen Lam If recent reports are to be believed, a supply chain report claims that Apple Pencil 2 may launch alongside the Apple iPad Pro 2017 models. Until now, there have been hundreds of reports on upcoming iPad Pro models though Apple Pencil 2 always gave a skip. Finally, an unconfirmed report on Chinese social media has shed some light on the device. Even though Weibo chatters are hardly credible, this report from supply chain sources has instilled fresh excitement in fans about the accessory. According to 9to5 Mac, patent filings point towards various possibilities in terms of what the next generation Apple Pencil would be capable of. Apple patents a lot of possibilities that do not ship ultimately. MacBook Trackpad, iPhone Support and Smart Cover Integration have all appeared in patent filings before. The current Apple Pencil has received a lot of praise for its minimal design, low latency performance and ease-of-use. However, it has also been criticised for lack of customisation, no eraser and problems surrounding where to keep it. Reports in August 2016 claimed that the Cupertino-based tech giant is planning a new Apple Pencil, Apple Pencil 2, that would be able to annotate in apps such as Mail and Safari. This would not require new hardware and updates to the iOS may enable this feature. Meanwhile, the Apple iPad Pro models are huge anticipated this year. Apple may introduce an improved 12.9-inch iPad Pro, a new 10.5-inch model with reduced bezels and a low cost 9.7-inch variant. Last spring, Apple refreshed the iPad line-up with new hardware by introducing the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It was soon followed by refreshes to the 12.9-inch iPad Pro and Apple Pencil. Tech enthusiasts believe that the Apple iPad Pro 2 could be released in March and it will have no bezels and Home button. The iPad Pro 2 may have drawers on its case for keyboards. Another highly-anticipated tablet is the Microsoft Surface Pro 5, which will reportedly provide the toughest competition to the Apple iPad Pro 2. ALSO READ: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, news & update: 3 processor variants, 4K screen & 3D support hinted Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple iPad Pro 2 screen size still a mystery Apple MacBook Pro 2016 may drop headphone jack Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Australian Open 2017: Boris Becker predicts Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal final 0 Shares 2 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Return of another ‘Breaking Bad’ character confirmed 0 Shares 3 Dell XPS 15 vs Apple MacBook Pro 2016 0 Shares 4 Golden State Warriors vs Miami Heat live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Mr Willoughby cast 0 Shares 6 'Outlander' season 3 will be like a 'wee treasure hunt' 0 Shares 7 'Planet Earth' series 2 US release date: Watch 'Planet Earth 2' online in Australia 0 Shares 8 Rafael Nadal vs Grigor Dimitrov live stream: Watch Australian Open 2017 semi-final online, start time, betting odds 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 4 episode 19, 20 leaked reportedly 0 Shares 10 ‘The X-Files’ season 11 expected to premiere in 2018 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Optus closes $75 million deal with Flight Centre Dreamworld tragedy: Weak attendance at theme parks affecting Village Roadshow Pumpkin Patch to shutter all stores by mid-February OpenText director reveals user context is key to achieving workplace efficiency Qantas order Boeing 787 Dreamliner for long flights Australia's houses and apartments below $1 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance 5-year-old dies from suspected methadone overdose Bourke St tragedy: Friends, family come together to honour the victims Sydney weather: few more warm nights ahead Police officers attacked, taken to hospital while arresting carjackers in Qld Claremont serial killings: Bradley Edwards appears in court for second time One dead, seven injured after bus crashes, rolls over on NSW highway More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East NBA Trade News: Clippers likely to acquire Carmelo Anthony without losing Big 3 Rafael Nadal vs Grigor Dimitrov live stream: Watch Australian Open 2017 semi-final online, start time, betting odds Los Angeles Lakers vs Utah Jazz live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time NBA Trade News: Cavaliers rebuff Carmelo Anthony, Kevin Love swap Rafael Nadal vs Roger Federer live stream: Watch Australian Open 2017 final online, start time, betting odds Golden State Warriors vs Los Angeles Clippers live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'The Last Of Us 2': Politics to reflect Neil Druckmann's views 'Grand Theft Auto 6' update: Map and protagonist possibilities 'Kingdom Hearts 3': Game artist promises high quality for next chapter 2017 Year of the Fire Rooster: Meaning, characteristics of Fire Rooster ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ & Nintendo 3DS keep fans busy ‘Pokemon GO’ big update anytime soon More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Days Of Our Lives' spoilers for Jan. 26: Death knocks on a Salemite’s door; things heat up between two couples ‘Neighbours’ spoilers for Jan. 26: On Australia Day, a kidnapping horrifies Ramsay Street; Paige gears up to reveal her baby’s father 'General Hospital' spoilers for Jan. 26, 2017: Liz reveals her suspicions on Tom’s murder; Sonny offers words of wisdom to Nelle 'The Young and the Restless' spoilers for Jan. 26, 2017: Reed opens up to Nikki; Cane and Billy square off; Paul fears the worst for Dylan ‘Westworld’ season 2 to reveal what really happened to Ford ‘The Bold And The Beautiful’ spoilers for Jan. 26: Quinn makes Ridge an offer he can’t resist; Thomas jumps into the fray More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 170/5 (19.5) - SA 169/5 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Republic Day 2017 Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Bigg Boss 10 Home Money Government wants Apple but not all officials are biting Apple CEO Tim Cook and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. (PTI) Shares43 Thu, 19 Jan 2017-09:31am , New Delhi , Reuters Apple is still keen on making its smartphone in India while IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that India would keep an 'open mind' in negotiations. Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the US tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. Highlights ⇒ India says to keep "open mind" on Apple investment ⇒ Some officials challenge U.S. company's demands ⇒ Apple letter sets out pre-requisites for making iPhones there ⇒ PM Modi met Apple CEO last year to discuss cooperation "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2% share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." TOP TOP < FA Cup: Liverpool win over Plymouth comes after a rare Lucas goal!   Comments   Also Read Money BSE to list on NSE on February 3 Money Bata India takes sub-brands route to connect with youth Money Govt may make Aadhaar must for rail concession in Budget 2017 Money Gems, jewellery exports likely to rise 10% in FY17: GJEPC Money Despite demonetization, rural wages on a steady climb in November: Nomura Money Vijay Mallya, former IDBI Bank CMD holiday meet led to hasty sanction of Rs 350 crore loan Next Article > Copa del Rey: Celta ensures second successive defeat for Real Madrid < Previous ArticleNext Article > FA Cup: Liverpool win over Plymouth comes after a rare Lucas goal! Live Cricket Score Live SL 170/5 (19.5) SL beat SA by 5 wickets SA 169/5 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary India vs England Sun, 29 January 2017, 07:00 PM IST Next node Copa del Rey: Celta ensures second successive defeat for Real Madrid Related Apple's legal fight with Qualcomm spreads to China Apple ready with blueprint for manufacturing unit in India Dollar on defensive, Asia stocks subdued amid US trade unease Video Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut View all Tags Apple iPhones India Make in india Ravi Shankar Prasad Manufacturing Sector Narendra Modi Gionee smartphones SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump to honour refugee swap deal with Australia - source Tushar Gandhi slams Maha govt for mentioning Mahatma's name in Iraq Shi'ite paramilitary calls for ban on U.S. nationals Trump to honour refugee swap deal with Australia - source Modi asks the youth to spread stories of soldiers' valour Sport Shocked by Sawant's death: BCCI Cycling-Road-WorldTour Ranking standings Reuters Sports News Summary Physical trainer of India Under-19 cricket team found dead in Mumbai hotel room India U-19 trainer passes away due to 'cardiac arrest' Entertainment Hollywood producers name "La La Land" the year's best film Shah Rukh Khan and his team Raees plan a no-alcohol celebration for the film's success! Hrithik has a blast with 'brother' Salman .NewDelhiANI John Legend slams Trump's immigration ban Money The Chairman said that to overcome the challenges, a 60-70% jump in production capacity a challenge: SAIL Chairman Time to come out with comprehensive gold policy: Y V Reddy Time to come out with comprehensive gold policy: Y V Reddy The development of NW-1 through the JMVP will facilitate Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Sunday, January 29, 2017 17:09 (GMT+8) Taipei 19°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Microsoft MSI brand Gigabyte PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news DRAM prices to continue rally Nanya posts EPS of NT$7.33 for 4Q16 Compal ramping up smartwatch shipments to Fossil, says paper Digitimes Research: Taiwan makers ship over 61 million large-size TFT-LCD panels in 4Q16 Holtek posts NT$3.47 EPS for 2016 Digitimes Research: China smartphone vendors may favor local AMOLED suppliers over Samsung Display Taiwan Mobile expects revenues to grow mildly in 2017 Winbond buys equipment for NT$3.32 billion Alibaba sees significant on-year growth in 4Q16 Taiwan wearable product shipments to account for 42% of global shipments in 2018, says MIC LG Display 4Q16 net operating profit hits record Corning reports strong earnings for 4Q16 Casetek shipping chassis to new smartphone client in China Commentary: Foxconn faces obstacles to US panel fab plan Increasing sales of Nvidia graphics cards to affect profitability of other suppliers Giga Solar Materials to start production at factory in eastern China at end of March Smart LED lighting, high-end backlighting, IR devices to drive Unity Opto growth in 2017, says chairman Component orders from AR/VR vendors still low in 2017 ASE posts NT$2.83 EPS for 2016 Acer covering all bases with niche notebook offerings in 2017 Microsoft to partner with notebook vendors to push Lunar New Year promotions DONG Energy, Macquarie Capital to acquire stakes in Formosa I Japan market: OLED TV prices fall, says Nikkei MediaTek posts profit drop with record low gross margin for 2016 Acer expects over 10% on-year revenue growth from Taiwan Market summary 24-Jan-2017 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9447.95 +23.90 +0.25%  TSE electronic 381.07 +0.98 +0.26%  GTSM (OTC) 126 +0.03 +0.02%  OTC electronic 172.08 +0.01 +0.01%  View more Around the web Dell now has a convertible Chromebook, too (Jan 25) - The Verge HP recalls more than 100,000 batteries for possible overheating (Jan 24) - CNET Clouds and silver linings for Microsoft, Google and Intel (Jan 26) - Finacial Times Apple said to be near deal to manufacture products in India (Jan 25) - Wall Street Journal Western Digital delivers strong quarter on enterprise demand (Jan 25) - ZDNet Toshiba's NAND future uncertain (Jan 23) - EE Times Samsung pegs 7nm chip production for 'early 2018,' in time for the Galaxy S9 processor (Jan 24) - PhoneArena Why the LG G6 won't have Snapdragon 835 (Jan 23) - Forbes Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Global notebook shipment forecast, 2017 and beyond China smartphone market and industry – 3Q 2016 Global tablet market - 3Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: KDDI sets up smart drone platform, Rakuten Mobile launches drone Digitimes Research: All-in-one PC shipments drop 4.8% in 2016 Worldwide notebook shipment update - November 2016 Digitimes Research: Top notebook vendors and ODMs see combined shipments increase in November More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin ThroughTek listed as Taiwan's first IoT company on the emerging stock board Quanmax opens up 'Blue Ocean' infotainment opportunities with OPS compliant display TUV NORD launches SECURITY 4 SAFETY service to build Industry 4.0 foundation for customers Supermicro introduces latest SUPERO desktop and gaming solutions at CES 2017 Wanshih Electronic will exhibit USB3.1 cable assemblies with type C in 2017 Consumer Technology Association (CES) More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenFone 3 Zoom smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Asustek ZenFone AR smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Intel Compute CardPhoto: Company, Jan 10. Asustek Zenbo home service robotPhoto: Monica Chen, Jan 4. VIA Artigo A830 IoT kiosk solutionPhoto: Company, Dec 5. Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 VIA launches Custom IoT Platform Design Service VIA unveils new kiosk solution Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... VR/AR new hope for 2017? With gaming products becoming popular and VR/AR applications having become the latest topics in the IT market, will VR/AR help save the IT industry in... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros The synergy of NXP acquisition: An interview with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm agreed in late 2016 to buy NXP Semiconductor for about US$47 billion in the biggest-ever deal... Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 2016 China market shipments China motherboard Acer Asustek Mobile devices notebook Foxconn revenues US 2017 Taiwan sales 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile Image Source: Handy Abovergleich The iPhone 8’s display design might be far superior to the Galaxy S8 Chris Smith @chris_writes January 18th, 2017 at 2:51 PM Share Tweet The iPhone 8 and Galaxy S8 will be two of the most exciting phones of the year. Even if not, they’re already the most talked-about devices, as rumors and leaks continue to pour in. These two smartphones will be more alike than any of their processors, but even so, if this report is accurate, the iPhone 8 will have the most exciting smartphone design of 2017, far superior to Samsung’s similar approach to the matter. Don't Miss: The Galaxy S8 might lose the fight against the iPhone before it even launches Both the iPhone 8 and the Galaxy S8 are tipped to feature all-screen designs. What that means is both phones will have minimal bezels, and their displays will occupy most of the front side. Both Apple and Samsung are supposed to remove the physical home buttons to reduce the bottom bezels and move the fingerprint sensors under the screen. But Apple may take a more radical approach by placing all the other front-facing elements of a phone under the display. In a research note seen by Apple Insider, Cowen and Company’s analyst Timothy Arcuri said Apple will have three new iPhones in stores this year, including an exciting iPhone X — aka the iPhone 8 — and two iPhone 7 successors. According to Arcuri, the iPhone 8 will sport a 5.8-inch OLED display with wraparound screen design. The display will resemble the “fixed flex” screen seen in various Galaxy-branded smartphones from Samsung, including the Galaxy S7 and Note 7. The analyst said that Apple will also embed into the OLED display the earpiece and FaceTime camera. Apple already has a patent that describes such screen technology. Arcuri further noted that Apple may switch to Synaptic’s optical-based fingerprint sensor for the new Touch ID, saying it’s “currently the only workable solution” for detecting a fingerprint through a smartphone screen. Apple also has a patent for such technology. Furthermore, the analyst expects Apple to add facial and gesture recognition to the iPhone, powered by a laser sensor and an infrared sensor placed near the front-facing camera, and wireless charging, though details about these features were not mentioned. The analysts expect potential issues with the 5.8-inch OLED screen and the embedded screen fingerprint sensor because of part yields and low availability. Samsung, meanwhile, isn’t likely to build other front-facing smartphone components other than the fingerprint sensor into the display, considering what we’ve heard and seen so far. Unlike the iPhone, the Galaxy S isn’t a similarly closely guarded secret. Existing reports and renders did suggest that the fingerprint scanner is going to be found under the screen but said nothing similar about the speaker and camera. And the phone is a couple of months away from launch, which means it probably has a final design. No other smartphone maker so far managed to come up with a display solution that would make it possible to completely remove the top and bottom bezels without also removing the selfie camera and sensors. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 2 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 3 Entertainment ‘Split’ twist ending: Everything you need to know about the final scene 4 Apps & Software Google Docs just got a whole lot more powerful on iOS and Android 5 Apps & Software You can already jailbreak iOS 10.2 Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors By Chris Smith January 27th at 5:54 PM Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this By Chris Smith January 27th at 2:14 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
null
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. By: Reuters | New Delhi | Published:January 19, 2017 9:27 am The country is still keen for Apple to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said. Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple’s demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the US tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that India would keep an “open mind” in negotiations. “We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India,” he said. But Apple Inc’s long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi’s ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. “We have not done this for anyone,” said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. “If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition.” Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. “Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India.” Competitors such as South Korea’s Samsung Electronics and China’s Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. “What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don’t see the government of India making discriminatory policies,” said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. Narendra Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India’s existing rules. From Apple’s point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 per cent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister’s office on Oct 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to “make the environment attractive” for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. “This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India’s ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world.” Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company’s request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a “package” of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was “dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites.” The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government’s help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India’s customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. “For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive – this means less boxes opened,” Apple wrote. “The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes.” Tags: Apple Budget 2017 BusinessArun Jaitley should focus on job creation in Budget: Rating agency Crisil Budget must be presented after assembly elections: Akhilesh Yadav writes to PM Modi OpinionLook at budget algebra, not math Best of Express ElectionsLive updates: Want to end politics of anger perpetuated by RSS-BJP, says Rahul Gandhi EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 4: Shah Rukh Khan film collects Rs 75.44 crore EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 finalist Manu Punjabi quits the show for Rs 10 lakhs. Find out more EntertainmentKaran Johar's perfect reply after troll asks Anurag Kashyap to 'stop sleeping' with Karan EntertainmentFrom Salman's performance to Manveer, Bani, Lopamudra, Manu's acts, everything about Bigg Boss 10 finale Must Read SportsAustralian Open Live: Federer vs Nadal soon SportsRoger vs Rafa brings romance back to the sport SportsIndia U19 team physical fitness trainer found dead TechnologyTrump's immigration order: Google, Apple, Microsoft and other tech companies protest TechnologyAn iPhone made in America? Not that simple TechnologyFacebook makes changes to Trending Topics to fight fake news LifestyleNow, a hormone in brain that can trigger fat burning: Study Jan 29: Latest News New analytical procedure can quickly identify bacteria in hospitals Learning from Shah Rukh Khan most special experience for Fan star Shriya Pilgaonkar PM Modi Faridkot rally Live updates: One leader is disrespecting Punjab’s youths by calling them drug addicts Donald Trump gives US military 30 days to prepare anti-ISIS strategy We are still in shock: BCCI post Rajesh Sawant’s death                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Which Size iPod Touch Should You Buy? Craig Lloyd07/17/2015 Apple released a new iPod Touch, and introduced a new 128GB storage option for the device. If you’re not sure how much storage to get, here are some things to keep in mind that may help with your decision. Advertisement With the new storage option, the iPod Touch now comes in either 16GB, 32GB, 64GB or 128GB, and the price spread between the 16GB and the 64GB options is only $100, so it can be incredible tough to figure out which size iPhone Touch to buy, especially with the prices being so close together. Storage size can ultimately be the toughest decision, no doubt, as you never really know exactly how much space you’ll end up using once you have the device, especially if you’ve never owned an iPod Touch before. Usually, though, the longer you own the device, the more apps and games that will pile on over time, so it’s important to choose the right storage size when you buy a new iPod Touch. Advertisement Advertisement However, there’s no need to worry, as we can help you decide which storage size to get for your iPod Touch, and we’ll give you some suggestions as far as what storage size would be best for you and your needs. What Takes Up Space? First off, before we can decide which size iPod Touch you’ll need, we first need to look at what takes up space in iOS in the first place. In a lot of Android devices, you can add a microSD card to add more storage, so thinking about storage size when you buy an Android smartphone or tablet isn’t really a huge deal, but with Apple products, you don’t have that luxury (and many new Android devices are starting to go this route as well). With that said, we need to figure out what you’ll use your iPod Touch for and then find a storage size that would work well for those needs. Advertisement iOS: The operating system itself takes up some space on the iPod Touch — usually around a few gigabytes, so if you get a 16GB iPod Touch, expect around 20% of the storage to be already used up by iOS itself. Apps: Apps are the one thing that don’t take up a lot of space individually. Most apps are under 100MB a piece, with even some apps being as large as a few hundred megabytes, with GarageBand taking up almost a gigabyte by itself. Plus, each app has its own cache data that it stores, so that’s more megabytes to account for. Games: Games are the biggest things to look out for, as they can take up the most space. Most casual games aren’t super storage hoggers, but 3D-intensive games like Modern Combat and such can take up a couple of gigabytes each. Music: Music MP3 files are usually only around 5-8MB a piece, but if you have a large music collection, that can quickly add up. I’ve met people with easily 25GB of music alone. There are streaming options like Spotify and Apple Music, but they can use up your data plan if you’re not careful. Movies & TV Shows: Movies can be huge storage hogs. HD movies can easily take up a gigabyte a piece, and while you could go with standard definition to save on space, the iPod Touch’s Retina display would benefit more from an HD movie, even with its 1136×640 resolution. Photos & Videos: Many users like to take photos and videos with their devices, since it’s their main camera of sorts, and all of that media can add up. I took about 200 photos and recorded a short video during a trip to the zoo and it took up about 1.5GB of space on my iPhone 6. Be aware of that when deciding what storage size to get for your iPod Touch. Which Size iPod Touch to Get? When deciding which size iPod Touch to buy, you have four options: 16GB, 32GB, 64GB, and 128GB. If you’re unsure which one you should get, here are some things to keep in mind about each storage option. 16GB: We wouldn’t recommend anyone getting a 16GB iPod Touch, mostly because it’s not enough storage for a majority of users’ needs. Of course, it can perfect for those who only plan to use their iPod Touch for casual web browsing and checking email, but you’re probably not buying the iPod Touch for that purpose. 32GB: This is probably the best option that most users will be happy with. If you plan on storing a handful of apps, as well as a few games and some music, 32GB should do well. It’s still not enough for most media junkies, but casual users will probably do well with the 32GB option. 64GB: This is probably the best bet for iPod Touch users. 64GB can store a lot of games, as well as a lot of music and still leave room for all of your apps and such. With 64GB, you shouldn’t have to worry too much about running out of storage. 128GB: 128GB is a lot of storage space, and it’s probably overkill for most users. However, if you have a 25GB music library and enjoy playing a lot of different games, then you might actually put 128GB to good use, but for most users, 64GB and lower should be just fine. One Response 01/18/2017 willene85 Reply I do not agree. Read that: http://www.loopinsight.com/2010/02/22/ipod-touch-vs-nintendo-ds-the-parents-perspective/ Friendly, Willene Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Layoffs at Pandora Media Inc Help Set the Stage for Its Big Plans in 2017? The company will lay off 7% of its U.S. staff, but it is still bleeding money. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:27PM Image source: Getty Images. Last week, Pandora (NYSE:P) pre-announced its fourth quarter earnings results, letting investors know that its revenue and EBITDA will come in higher than originally anticipated. Management also mentioned in the announcement that the company will be eliminating 7% of its U.S. workforce this quarter. The layoffs "are designed to ensure the company can execute on its core strategic initiatives without additional capital", according to the press release. Pandora is facing a much more competitive environment than just a few years ago. Big names like Apple and Amazon have entered the music streaming business with no need to actually be profitable. About the only other company trying to make an actual profit from streaming services is Spotify, which has managed to attract a massive subscriber base compared to Pandora. No additional capital Pandora is currently sitting on $258 million in cash and short-term investments. That's after tapping $90 million from an existing credit line in the third quarter to help prepay record labels the minimum guaranteed amounts associated with its new music-licensing agreements. Those agreements will allow it to launch its on-demand streaming service this year. The new service, which will cost $9.99 per month, competes against similar offerings like Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify Premium. It is also the biggest product initiative in Pandora's history. However, the company isn't in the best financial position for this kind of major product launch. Data by YCharts. Over the past 12 months, free cash flow totaled negative $324 million. Of course, that includes the $93.3 million Pandora prepaid to record labels, and it does not include the savings from the layoffs. Still, it will be hard for Pandora to slow its cash burn enough not to require additional capital within the next year. The on-demand music streaming business is not exactly a cash machine, either. Spotify saw its net loss widen in 2015, according to its annual report, despite growing its revenue 80% to nearly 2 billion euros. Granted, Spotify has its free tier of listeners, but then again so does Pandora. Meanwhile, competition from Apple and Amazon will keep margins slim for the entire industry. What about the improved financial results? Pandora's preannouncement implies that revenue topped its initial guidance of $362 million to $374 million. That $374 million represents a year-over-year increase of 11% in revenue. In the fourth quarter last year, Pandora grew revenue 25% on the back of its TicketFly acquisition. Pandora says its core advertising business did indeed accelerate last quarter. That's likely due to an increase in the number of ads Pandora plays per hour of music. Growing through increasing ad load is unsustainable and could ultimately lead to a decline in listener hours considering the various competing services available. Pandora is hoping that it will increase sign-ups for its premium services, if it doesn't increase ad revenue. The company says it added 375,000 new subscribers to its revamped subscription service, dubbed Pandora Plus. With its new music licensing agreements, Pandora was able to add extra features to its ad-free radio product. That made for a significant uptick in subscriptions considering it ended the third quarter with just four million subscribers and had added just 100,000 over the previous 12 months. Indeed, Pandora's revenue and subscriber count are moving in the right direction, but its adjusted EBITDA (its own way of measuring earnings) is not. Even with better-than-expected results last quarter, Pandora likely still expects its earnings to decline. In the fourth quarter last year, it posted a loss of $25 million. The top of its previous forecast for last quarter was a $39 million loss. Pandora will continue to burn cash as it pays more to license music and expands its product portfolio. With just $258 million in cash and liquid investments, it is going to have to do more than lay off 7% of its U.S. workforce if it really wants to avoid raising more capital. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, and Pandora Media. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Pandora Media NYSE:P $13.17 down $0.21 (-1.57%) Read More What a Pandora-Liberty Media Deal Might Look Like Can Pandora Bounce Back After Last Week's 10% Drop? 3 Stocks I'd Avoid at All Costs What Pandora's Business Looks Like in 5 Years Everything You Need to Know About Pandora Plus Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Will Layoffs at Pandora Media Inc Help Set the Stage for Its Big Plans in 2017? @themotleyfool #stocks $P
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? This sketchy Apple iPhone 8 wireless component rumor doesn't hold up to scrutiny. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM On Twitter, user Arkthub sent me a link to a forum post containing an interesting rumor about a key component inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2017 smartphone lineup. The forum post, which appears to have originally shown up on website TheLayoff.com, essentially says the following: Apple won't use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) upcoming XMM 7480 cellular modem in the next-generation iPhone for several reasons, which essentially boil down to the fact that the 7480 is technologically inferior to competing solutions. Apple will instead use Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon X12 modem as well as the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560. Although on the surface this rumor might seem reasonable, it doesn't quite make sense upon further thought.  The XMM 7560 probably won't be ready Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has made it clear that the company intends to release new stand-alone cellular modems at an annual clip. Intel began shipping the 7360 during the second quarter of 2016, so it makes sense that the follow-on to 7360, which Intel calls the XMM 7480, will begin shipping in the second quarter of 2017 -- just in time for Apple's next-generation iPhone models (if Intel wins the spots, that is). Image source: Apple.  It seems very unlikely that Intel would have the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560, ready for commercial deployment in time for the iPhone 8 launch. After all, if the XMM 7560 were going to be all set for commercial deployments just a year after the XMM 7360 shipped, then wouldn't it make sense for Intel to just cancel the XMM 7480 altogether? So, at the very least, this part of the rumor doesn't appear to be likely. What modems will be inside of the next iPhone, then? The following is pure speculation on my part -- there haven't been many leaks about the next-generation iPhones, particularly with respect to the individual components and suppliers thereof that will be in the phones. However, key Apple supplier Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), which supplies radio frequency (RF) and Wi-Fi connectivity components for Apple's iPhones, has indicated on several occasions that it expects to enjoy dollar-content increases in successive iPhone generations. Increased RF content suggests enhanced wireless capabilities, which not only helps Broadcom's business, but also tells us that cellular modem upgrades are probably on the way.  The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus use either Intel's XMM 7360 or Qualcomm's Snapdragon X12 – depending on the model. The Snapdragon X12 is more capable than the XMM 7360, but Apple appears to be artificially restricting the capabilities of the former to ensure parity of wireless specifications of both. Image source: Qualcomm.  One hypothesis that I've put out there in the past is that Apple could deliver better wireless capabilities in its rumored OLED iPhone model compared to the capabilities found in the more mainstream models. In that case, I could see Apple using Qualcomm's Snapdragon X16 modem (i.e., gigabit-class LTE) in the OLED model, and then sticking with the X12 or using the Intel XMM 7480 in the other ones. The X12 would, once again, need to be "sandbagged" to bring it to parity with the XMM 7480 (the X12 supports up to 600 megabits per second download speeds; the 7480 supports just 450 megabits per second). We'll know more in about eight months when Apple formally unveils its next generation iPhone models. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Qualcomm, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $205.71 up $1.54 (0.75%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.98 up $0.42 (1.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AVGO, $INTC, $QCOM
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? A Qualcomm chip is smaller than a penny. Image: Qualcomm By Pete Pachal2017-01-19 01:27:33 UTC Analysis Qualcomm is in trouble. For most, those words probably mean next to nothing, but if you know much about the technology within your smartphone, it means a great deal. Qualcomm builds many of the key components of the world's smartphones — specifically, the modems and often the processors, too. It's also the dominant vendor in both categories. To smartphone users, the difference between a phone that uses a chip or modem from Qualcomm and some other brand is often measured in seconds — how long it takes to launch an app or call up a webpage, for instance. To the industry, it's measured in billions of dollars — the reward for making deals to get your technology into the hands of millions of people. And in the future, the difference could play a role in the 5G race.  SEE ALSO: The iPhone's remarkable 10-year history, in pictures Shady deals? For the last several years, Qualcomm has been particularly adept at making those deals, growing its market share even in the wake of public stumbles like the Snapdragon 810, a flagship chip that ended up prone to overheating. In particular, it's been the exclusive provider for modems on the iPhone since 2011 (at least until last year, when Apple began using Intel modems in some iPhone 7 models). An iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Image: Mashable Now it looks like some of Qualcomm's deals may have been out of bounds. The Federal Trade Commission took the rather extreme step of suing Qualcomm over how it does business, and it's been very specific about it. In a nutshell, the FTC says Qualcomm is being a supreme dick about its patents, which allows the company to squeeze licensing fees from anyone it does business with. For a patent holder that's not entirely unexpected (or necessarily bad) except that Qualcomm's patents here are so fundamental to smartphone technology that they're considered standard-essentials patents — a special type that basically forces the patent holder to license them at a "reasonable rate." The FTC accuses Qualcomm of not doing that, but also that it went even further, basically forcing any smartphone maker to pay Qualcomm for phones that don't contain its modem tech, if they wanted to do business with Qualcomm at all. Not the first complaint Qualcomm's been accused of noncompetitive practices before, but they were from the South Korean and Chinese governments in Asia, whose interests happen to align with chip companies (like MediaTek and Samsung) based there. Not so this time. Qualcomm is a U.S. company, negating any claims of regional protectionism. "This is the third time they've had an antitrust suit," explains Tim Bajarin of Creative Strategies, a Silicon Valley market research firm. "There's no question that when you have these kind of suits, there has to be some kind of significant evidence or material that would force these antitrust lobbies to [act]." Naturally, any discussion of smartphone technology eventually drifts to Apple (call it Jobs' Law), and the company is pretty heavily involved in this. Allegedly, Qualcomm pressured Apple into using its modems in the iPhone from 2011 to 2016, effectively shutting out its competitors from working with the most influential smartphone maker in the world and hampering their development. (In that time Qualcomm's market share in mobile modems grew from 45% to 65%.) "Apple is the premium brand in smartphones," says Jan Dawson, a mobile industry analyst. "Every other brand is either not premium or a mixed bag of offerings. It's certainly more valuable as a relationship." Interesting tidbit: Those new Intel modems in the iPhone are apparently so much slower than Qualcomm's that Apple is throttling them so users have a consistent experience. Whether that's evidence in the FTC's favor or just bad engineering probably depends on whose side you're on. The Trump factor The bigger question is, will any of this matter under a Trump administration? Conventional wisdom says that a theoretically business-friendly Republican leadership won't be as excited to push the case forward, and the current FTC chair will step down on Feb. 10. However, Trump is said to be considering Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes as the replacement. Reyes hasn't been too kind to big tech companies in the past, so there's little reason to believe he would give Qualcomm a break here. (That is, if he ends up being Trump's pick.) "This is one of the very last actions of the outgoing FTC," Dawson says. "It's possible the case may not be pursued as aggressively as it would have. But remember, [Reyes] suggested going after Google. He probably won't give anybody a free pass." For its part, Qualcomm issued a defensive statement, essentially a non-denial denial that was very light on detail, apparently saving its point-by-point rebuttal for court. Considering the FTC filed its lawsuit in Apple's backyard of Northern California (as opposed to Qualcomm's home of SoCal), the witness testimony could get interesting. The 5G race If you've read this far, you may still be wondering how this affects you. Simple: 5G. Right now it's a future-tech buzzword, but in a year or two we'll start to hear about the first smartphones with 5G speeds. 5G promises smartphone connections faster than even today's wired internet, able to transfer gigabits per second (real-world LTE usually maxes out in the tens of megabits). 5G represents a new frontier for mobile internet players like Intel, MediaTek and others — especially since there are still billions (with a "b") of people who don't yet own a smartphone. It could be that Qualcomm, with its impressive patent collection and world-class team simply outplayed everybody in the age of LTE, and when 5G comes along it'll be more of the same. But if it's found to have stacked the deck in its favor and has to make changes, the 5G era could end up being a lot more competitive. That could get messy — modem performance could vary wildly between manufacturers and even individual models — but it could also give some innovative outliers the chance to shine. It all depends if the incoming FTC chair still thinks that's a future worth fighting for. We'll find out soon enough. BONUS: Glowing bike path in Dutch town is like a moving Van Gogh painting Topics: Mobile, qualcomm, smartphone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Login Login Log In Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Register Forgotten Password Cancel Register For This Site A password will be e-mailed to you. Username E-mail Videos News Reviews Music U Q&A Style U Bio U Shop Photos Horoscope U Ask U Sports More Comedy U View U Rants U Travel Fiona Apple Pens Song, “Tiny Hands,” For Women’s March On Washington - BEVERLY HILLS, CA - FEBRUARY 28: Recording artist Fiona Apple performs during the Venice Family Clinic Silver Circle 2011 Gala at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel on February 28, 2011 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images) Full view BEVERLY HILLS, CA - FEBRUARY 28: Recording artist Fiona Apple performs during the Venice Family Clinic Silver Circle 2011 Gala at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel on February 28, 2011 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images) Fiona Apple Pens Song, “Tiny Hands,” For Women’s March On Washington    Hillary Luehring-Jones January 18, 2017January 18, 2017January 18, 2017News, News Feed > Fiona Apple has penned what she hopes will become an anthem for the Women’s March on Washington on Saturday following the presidential inauguration. FIONA APPLE PENS ANTI-TRUMP SONG, “TINY HANDS” Fiona recorded the song, called “Tiny Hands,” on her phone and released it on Tuesday. The song, which of course references Donald Trump, is meant to be a chant for the marchers protesting the president-elect. Listen here. The song samples Trump’s own words from the Access Hollywood leaked tape, in which Trump brags about groping women and says to, “grab ’em by the p—y.” “We don’t want your tiny hands anywhere near our underpants,” sings Apple. Apple previously protested Trump when she repurposed Nat King’s classic holiday song, “The Christmas Song,” by changing the lyrics: “Trump’s nuts roasting on an open fire/as he keeps nipping at his foes/You’ll cry creepy uncle/every time he arrives/for he keeps clawing at your clothes.” Apple’s most recent new album came in 2012, but has found herself back in the public eye through her political protests. She sang the so-called “Trump’s Nuts Roasting on an Open Fire” at the We Rock with Standing Rock benefit concert. Featured articles on uSports.org Blackhawks Great Stan Mikita To Miss NHL’s Top 100 Ceremony Due To Suspected Dementia 28 January 2017 Russell Westbrook Mocks Charles Barkley’s Fashion Style 27 January 2017 Browns Considering Draft Prospects Beyond Deshaun Watson, Myles Garrett 27 January 2017 Jarvis Landry Beats Out Odell Beckham Jr., Alex Smith In Pro Bowl Skills Great Hands Challenge 27 January 2017 Barcelona Reach Copa Del Rey Semifinal With 5-2 Win Over Real Sociedad 27 January 2017 Duke Coach Krzyzewski Bans Own Players From Locker Room And From Wearing Blue Devils Apparel 27 January 2017 Rafael Nadal Wins Australian Open 2017 Semifinal To Meet Roger Federer In Final 27 January 2017 Jason Day Excited For Tiger Woods’ Return To PGA Tour Play At Farmer Insurance Open 26 January 2017 Ravens’ Justin Tucker Makes 75-Yard Field Goal At Pro Bowl Practice 26 January 2017 Article by Hillary Luehring-Jones Get the free uInterview mobile app for the latest celebrity news and videos iPhone Android Read more about: Donald Trump Fiona Apple RELATED ARTICLES Tiffany Trump Registered To Vote In 2 States, Despite What Kellyanne Conway Says Iranian Actress Taraneh Alidoosti Boycotting Oscars To Protest Trump’s Muslim Immigration Policies ‘Bad Lip Reading’ Offers Hilarious Take On Donald Trump’s Inauguration Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Featured on uSports.org Blackhawks Great Stan Mikita To Miss NHL’s Top 100 Ceremony Due To Suspected Dementia 28 January 2017 Russell Westbrook Mocks Charles Barkley’s Fashion Style 27 January 2017 Browns Considering Draft Prospects Beyond Deshaun Watson, Myles Garrett 27 January 2017 Jarvis Landry Beats Out Odell Beckham Jr., Alex Smith In Pro Bowl Skills Great Hands Challenge 27 January 2017 Barcelona Reach Copa Del Rey Semifinal With 5-2 Win Over Real Sociedad 27 January 2017 Duke Coach Krzyzewski Bans Own Players From Locker Room And From Wearing Blue Devils Apparel 27 January 2017 Rafael Nadal Wins Australian Open 2017 Semifinal To Meet Roger Federer In Final 27 January 2017 Jason Day Excited For Tiger Woods’ Return To PGA Tour Play At Farmer Insurance Open 26 January 2017 Ravens’ Justin Tucker Makes 75-Yard Field Goal At Pro Bowl Practice 26 January 2017 Join the uInterview community by following us on social media and downloading our mobile apps. Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to get updates from our website SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Partners Recent Posts Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Star, Dies At 94 Judy Garland’s Remains Moved To Los Angeles John Hurt, ‘Harry Potter’ & ‘Doctor Who’ Star, Dies At 77 Will Megyn Kelly Replace Savannah Guthrie On ‘Today Show’? When Are 2017 SAG Awards? Who’s Nominated? Queen Elizabeth Visits Fijian Exhibition, Greeted By Shirtless Wariors ‘Mass Effect: Andromeda’ Film Based On The Successful Video Games In The Works ‘The Vampire Diaries” Nina Dobrev To Return For Series Finale ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ Is Coming To Broadway With Music By Elton John Tiffany Trump Registered To Vote In 2 States, Despite What Kellyanne Conway Says Popular Posts John Hurt, ‘Harry Potter’ & ‘Doctor Who’ Star, Dies At 77 ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ Is Coming To Broadway With Music By Elton John Mary Tyler Moore, Acting Legend, Dies At Age 80 Oscar Nominations 2017: ‘La La Land’ Ties All-Time Record For Most Noms With 14 Chelsea Clinton Tweet Defends Barron Trump, Slams Donald Trump’s Policies © 2017 uInterview, Inc. Editor’s Note Masthead Advertise Contact Privacy Terms UGC Video Production uInterviewTV Pre-roll Marketplace uSports ×Close Subscribe! Subscribe to the uInterview Cheat Sheet for the latest insider entertainment news! Win Prizes Weekly Exclusively For Cheat Sheet Subscribers!
Share Tweet Apple TV review (third gen, 2012), updated for 2017 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review How to fix new MacBook Pro 2016 hardware problems iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews Apple TV Apple TV review (third gen, 2012), updated for 2017: Apple TV buying advice Apple TV review (third gen, 2012), updated for 2017: Is the third-gen Apple TV any good, five years on, and how to buy Apple TV 2012 The 2012 edition of the Apple TV, a connected set-top box that offers access to iTunes TV shows and movies, as well as content from Netflix, Youtube and Vimeo, has been discontinued, but it's still possible to pick one up second hand. Does the third-gen Apple TV offer value, five years on? Here's our third-gen Apple TV review, updated for 2017 by Matt Egan | 18 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments A5 processor Wi-Fi/Ethernet iTunes account required HDMI2 Optical audio Video Formats: H.264 video up to 1080p MPEG-4 Motion JPEG Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound pass-through Apple remote included 23 x 98 x 98mm 27g Rating Price RRP: Discontinued - available second hand Pros Relatively inexpensive set-top box Easy to use Stylish Cons Not much content Really ties you into iTunes Apple TV review (third gen, 2012), updated for 2017: Apple TV buying advice Welcome to our review of the third-gen Apple TV (2012), updated for 2017. If you'd prefer to read about the newer model, see Apple TV review (fourth-gen, 2015); for rumours concerning the next Apple TV, see New Apple TV 2017 release date rumours. The Apple TV is a connected set-top box that offers access to iTunes TV shows and movies, as well as content from Netflix, YouTube and Vimeo. In autumn 2016, Apple stopped selling the third-gen Apple TV, and now only sells the fourth-gen model, dating from 2015. But it's still possible to buy the 2012 Apple TV second hand if you shop around. (Indeed, third-gen Apple TVs may pop up from time to time on the Refurbished Store, although there are none at time of writing.) The unit hasn't changed other than this. We have updated this review accordingly. Read next: Apple TV buying guide 2017 | Best Apple TV deals | Apple TV on Refurbished Store Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: What is Apple TV? When is a TV not a TV? When it's the Apple TV. Apple TV is not even a TV tuner for free-to-air channels, or a digital video recorder to catch shows while you're away from home or watching another channel. The Apple TV is instead a set-top box dedicated to giving your existing TV access to films and TV shows purchased from iTunes and other services such as YouTube and Netflix, as well as all the music and photos you own. In essence the Apple TV takes all the content that would otherwise be tied to your iPhone, iPad and Mac, and lets it loose on your TV. It's a media-player for your TV that can show off all those lovely movies, TV shows and photos via the biggest display in the house. And it does so in up to 1080p HD. This does all mean that the Apple TV is really only of interest to those people who already own Apple products. But hey, we're on Macworld.co.uk, so that's you, right? Read next: How to set up Apple TV | Apple TV tips Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Channels  When we say that the Apple TV isn't a TV in the normal sense of the word, because it doesn't feature free-to-air channels, or a digital video recorder to catch shows while you're away, it does offer what could be described as channels, and this content keeps on growing leaving us hopeful for a future where the Apple TV will include links to OnDemand services just like our iPhones and iPads do - think the iPlayer and 4OD apps and you're not to far away.  Apple has made multiple updates to the Apple TV software over recent month, adding a number of new app-style TV channels, delivering new content to Apple TV users. For some times Apple has offered UK Apple TV users access to Netflix, YouTube, Vimeo and Wall Street Journal Live alongside the iTunes content. Then in June 2013, Apple announced several new additions to its Apple TV, including Sky News sparking speculation that on-demand services such as BBC iPlayer could be coming to the Apple TV soon. However, there still isn't an iPlayer channel on the Apple TV, although you can stream iPlayer from your iPad or iPhone to your TV via Apple TV using AirPlay. Unfortunately despite the fact that apps exist for iPhone and iPad, you cannot stream from the 4OD app, or ITV Player, or any other UK channel's iOS apps, as they do not currently work with AirPlay. Other 'channels' that are available on the Apple TV in the UK include: Qello, which lets worldwide users stream HD concerts and music documentaries on-demand; Crunchyroll, the leading global video service for Japanese Anime and Asian media; Vevo, more music video content; and some randoms, such as Korean TV. In the US, the Apple TV includes Hulu Plus, HBO Go, Watch ABC, The Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney Junior, PBS, A&E, History, Lifetime, WatchESPN and more. New channels in the US added in July include CNBC – as long as you log in with a Comcast or Time Warner password - and Fox Now, which includes programmes such as New Girl. Fox also requires you to log on with your cable password. Other recent additions in the US include ABC News, PBS Kids, AOL On, and Willow. In other news, Popcorn Time, known as the Netflix for pirated movies, will soon work with the Apple TV. Although we don't expect it to be around for long. We continue to be disappointed by the lack of content on the UK Apple TV, which we wouldn't recommend if it wasn't for Netflix. Other devices offer far more content, as you can see from this round up of alternatives to Apple TV. Read next: Apple TV hints & hacks for the ultimate Apple TV setup Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Build and design The Apple TV is a stylish little black box that won't look out of place tucked beneath even the smartest HD TV. It's like a Mac mini, really, measuring 23 x 98 x 98mm and weighing a calorie-free 27g. It's shiny black and curvy around the sides, and on the top is a matte black finish given relief by a shiny black Apple symbol and the word TV. You can see what they did there, right? To be honest, we suspect Apple might have preferred to call it the iTV but that name wasn't allowed due to the UK TV company of the same name. (That doesn't stop rumours that Apple will launch a TV one day called the iTV). The connections are all around the back, as is the power socket. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Is my TV compatible? If you're going to buy an Apple TV you need to know your own telly is compatible. It probably is. If you have an HD TV with HDMI connectivity you can use the Apple TV as long as it is capable of 1080p or 720p output at 60/50Hz. You're unlikely to have any HD TV that doesn't fit this criteria, but your old CRT or a small, cheap flatscreen won't have HDMI in. You'll need a broadband connection to access iTunes and the other content stores. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Should I buy Apple TV? There is a lot to like about the Apple TV. It's well-built and easy to use. But it offers access to a limited range of content, at a price that is often more expensive than other sources. And some of the better features really only work with other Apple products. Like many premium Apple tech, the Apple TV is best for those Apple completists who have all the gear and every idea how to match them all up. If that sounds like you, the Apple TV is a great product. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Tech specs HDMI is not the only connectivity option for the Apple TV. There's also an optical audio for you to output music as well as 10/100BASE-T Ethernet and Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n) to connect to the web. You can connect a keyboard via Bluetooth, and there is an infrared receiver for use with Apple's own remote. Finally there is a Micro-USB connector which is there principally for tech support purposes. The Apple TV has its own built-in 6-watt universal power supply. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: What can it play? There are two ways of looking at this. In terms of file formats Apple TV can play H.264 video, MPEG-4 video and motion JPEG (M-JPEG). Audio formats include HE-AAC (V1), AAC (16 to 320 Kbps), protected AAC (from iTunes Store), MP3 (16 to 320 Kbps), MP3 VBR, Audible (formats 2, 3 and 4), Apple Lossless, AIFF and WAV. And the Apple TV can display JPEG, GIF and TIFF images. Perhaps more importantly from a consumer point of view, the Apple TV gives your big telly access to iTunes TV programs and movies, as well as those of Netflix, YouTube and Vimeo. You can watch Sky News live or on catchup reports, as well as viewing images from Flickr. There are other services; a full list can be found here: http://www.apple.com/uk/appletv/whats-on/. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: User interface Apple TV's user interface is simple and intuitive, as you'd expect from Apple, and will be familiar to all iPad and iPhone users as it utilises the bright and bold iOS looks. The main screen delivers big icons for Films, TV Programmes, Computers and Settings, plus a small range of third-party options, including Netflix. The whole experience is very easy to use and stylish to look at. You navigate the setup menus and input Wi-Fi network and password via the included Apple TV remote or using your iPhone and the Remote app.  Luckily, the Apple TV Software Update 5.2 introduced a handful of useful new features that included the ability to pair the AppleTV with Apple’s own Wireless Keyboard - making use of Bluetooth hardware that has previously lain dormant within the AppleTV’s glossy little black box (Apple says that other Bluetooth keyboards "may also be compatible" as long as they match the layout of a standard Mac keyboard). This simplifies the task of entering network passwords or using the search function when browsing the iTunes Store or the YouTube app. It’s not exactly revolutionary, but it does suggest that Apple is still trying to refine the AppleTV's interface and make it easier to use in your front room. Read our review of Apple's Apple TV 5.2 update here.  Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: What's on Apple TV? Access to all the iTunes Store content is easy with Apple TV. There are most of the latest HD movies and TV programmes and series to download. But iTunes movie/TV content isn't cheap. Season 1 of House costs almost as much as a minute in American healthcare: £26.99. You can buy that DVD via Amazon for under a tenner. Season 7 of House on HD is £39.99 on iTunes; but just £17 on DVD. Catching up with the first six seasons of House on iTunes will cost you £179.79. You can pick up the DVDs on Amazon for £57.52, and resell them on eBay for at least half that if you don't want to keep them. Movies are cheaper. The Adventures of Tintin is £9.99 to buy on iTunes, or you can rent it from iTunes for £3.49. District 9 is £7.99 on iTunes HD. Via Amazon you could buy the DVD of Tintin for the same £9.99 (£15 on Blu-ray), and the District 9 DVD for £3 (or £6.49 on Blu-ray). There are lots of iTunes movies at 99p and a range under £5 so it's worth looking around for bargains when you're unsure what to watch. Citizen Kane costs under £4 on DVD. On iTunes, it's… not there. And that's another fault with online downloads - the range of what's on offer is minuscule compared to standard DVD and Blu-ray formats. But it can't be beat for immediate gratification. Missed the latest episode of Alcatraz? Bing, it's there on iTunes and therefore on your TV in minutes. Rainy weekend and kids getting bored? Apple TV's near-immediate downloads could save your sanity. You can also watch movie trailers and read user reviews via Apple TV, and even let Genius recommend stuff based on your previous viewing habits - all of which makes renting a dud slightly less risky. Apple TV offers access to movie/TV renting service Netflix. Netflix costs £5.99 a month for unlimited downloads. The trouble is that the number of telly programmes and movies on Netflix is limited - very much so. The same is true of the available online downloads from Netflix UK rival LoveFilm, not yet part of Apple TV's connected services. But LoveFilm (£4.99/month for unlimited online downloads) has an excellent DVD/Blu-ray disc-renting service from £5.99/month (3 discs a month) or from £7.99/month for as many discs as you can watch and post back plus the online downloads. If you watch a lot of movies at home and don't need instant access to the very latest films and TV series Lovefilm's disc-renting service is much better value than iTunes. Both Netflix and LoveFilm's online downloads don't require Apple TV if your telly is Internet-ready. If your TV isn't Internet ready then Apple TV is a neat solution for adding Netflix. Sky TV's Box Office Sky Store also hosts a wide choice of the latest movies at the same price, or often cheaper than iTunes. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Apple TV 6.1.1 software update Apple TV Software Update 6.1.1. It basically bought some stability improvements, but nothing else. Prior to that the 6.1 software update let you customise your Apple TV by hiding items from the main menu; added some AirPlay security options; and improved the Remote app (that can be run on your iPad or iPhone) so you could see purchased TV shows via it. (The most recent version of the Apple TV software is tvOS 10. You can read more about that here: tvOS 10's 8 cool new features for your Apple TV.) Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Apple TV 6 software update For US customers this update bought iTunes Radio features (iTunes Radio hasn't launched in the UK yet). It also added new iTunes Music Store browsing; iCloud Photos; AirPlay from iCloud; Podcasts; iMovie Theatre and more. Apple TV (third gen, 2012) review: Apple TV 5.2 software update The Apple TV Software Update 5.2 introduced a handful of useful new features. Perhaps the most interesting new feature is the ability to pair the Apple TV with Apple's own Wireless Keyboard - making use of Bluetooth hardware that has previously lain dormant within the AppleTV's glossy little black box (Apple says that other Bluetooth keyboards "may also be compatible" as long as they match the layout of a standard Mac keyboard). Take a look at Best alternatives to Apple TV. This simplifies the task of entering network passwords or using the search function when browsing the iTunes Store or the YouTube app. It's not exactly revolutionary, but it does suggest that Apple is still trying to refine the AppleTV's interface and make it easier to use in your front room - and that should keep the rumour mill about a full TV product going strong for at least another six months. Improved iTunes support allows you to play your purchased music via the Cloud even if you haven't signed up for iTunes Match). However, we're more intrigued by the fact that the AppleTV has the ability to transmit audio via AirPlay to a set of AirPlay speakers. The Apple TV could already receive audio and video from Macs and iOS devices using AirPlay, but this software update meant it could  also transmit the audio from films and other streaming video content to a set of external AirPlay speakers. That is great for watching films and TV programmes, as it will give the soundtrack a real boost compared to the relatively modest speakers that are built into most TV sets. Read our tips for using the Apple TV. OUR VERDICT There is a lot to like about the third-gen Apple TV. It's well-built and easy to use. But it offers access to a limited range of content; the Apple TV - at least in the UK - still doesn't offer the variety of content offered by much of the competition. Plus, some of the better features really only work with other Apple products, so the Apple TV is best for those Apple completists who have all the gear and every idea how to match them all up. If that sounds like you, the 2012 Apple TV is a great product, and worth seeking out second hand. Tags: Apple , Apple TV Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands-on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years 11 ways company politics can thwart your projects How to jailbreak an iPhone or iPad in iOS 10 and iOS 9: iOS 10.2 jailbreak released, although iPhon)...… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will Layoffs at Pandora Media Inc Help Set the Stage for Its Big Plans in 2017? The company will lay off 7% of its U.S. staff, but it is still bleeding money. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:27PM Image source: Getty Images. Last week, Pandora (NYSE:P) pre-announced its fourth quarter earnings results, letting investors know that its revenue and EBITDA will come in higher than originally anticipated. Management also mentioned in the announcement that the company will be eliminating 7% of its U.S. workforce this quarter. The layoffs "are designed to ensure the company can execute on its core strategic initiatives without additional capital", according to the press release. Pandora is facing a much more competitive environment than just a few years ago. Big names like Apple and Amazon have entered the music streaming business with no need to actually be profitable. About the only other company trying to make an actual profit from streaming services is Spotify, which has managed to attract a massive subscriber base compared to Pandora. No additional capital Pandora is currently sitting on $258 million in cash and short-term investments. That's after tapping $90 million from an existing credit line in the third quarter to help prepay record labels the minimum guaranteed amounts associated with its new music-licensing agreements. Those agreements will allow it to launch its on-demand streaming service this year. The new service, which will cost $9.99 per month, competes against similar offerings like Apple Music, Amazon Music, and Spotify Premium. It is also the biggest product initiative in Pandora's history. However, the company isn't in the best financial position for this kind of major product launch. Data by YCharts. Over the past 12 months, free cash flow totaled negative $324 million. Of course, that includes the $93.3 million Pandora prepaid to record labels, and it does not include the savings from the layoffs. Still, it will be hard for Pandora to slow its cash burn enough not to require additional capital within the next year. The on-demand music streaming business is not exactly a cash machine, either. Spotify saw its net loss widen in 2015, according to its annual report, despite growing its revenue 80% to nearly 2 billion euros. Granted, Spotify has its free tier of listeners, but then again so does Pandora. Meanwhile, competition from Apple and Amazon will keep margins slim for the entire industry. What about the improved financial results? Pandora's preannouncement implies that revenue topped its initial guidance of $362 million to $374 million. That $374 million represents a year-over-year increase of 11% in revenue. In the fourth quarter last year, Pandora grew revenue 25% on the back of its TicketFly acquisition. Pandora says its core advertising business did indeed accelerate last quarter. That's likely due to an increase in the number of ads Pandora plays per hour of music. Growing through increasing ad load is unsustainable and could ultimately lead to a decline in listener hours considering the various competing services available. Pandora is hoping that it will increase sign-ups for its premium services, if it doesn't increase ad revenue. The company says it added 375,000 new subscribers to its revamped subscription service, dubbed Pandora Plus. With its new music licensing agreements, Pandora was able to add extra features to its ad-free radio product. That made for a significant uptick in subscriptions considering it ended the third quarter with just four million subscribers and had added just 100,000 over the previous 12 months. Indeed, Pandora's revenue and subscriber count are moving in the right direction, but its adjusted EBITDA (its own way of measuring earnings) is not. Even with better-than-expected results last quarter, Pandora likely still expects its earnings to decline. In the fourth quarter last year, it posted a loss of $25 million. The top of its previous forecast for last quarter was a $39 million loss. Pandora will continue to burn cash as it pays more to license music and expands its product portfolio. With just $258 million in cash and liquid investments, it is going to have to do more than lay off 7% of its U.S. workforce if it really wants to avoid raising more capital. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon.com and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Apple, and Pandora Media. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:27PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Pandora Media NYSE:P $13.17 down $0.21 (-1.57%) Read More What a Pandora-Liberty Media Deal Might Look Like Can Pandora Bounce Back After Last Week's 10% Drop? 3 Stocks I'd Avoid at All Costs What Pandora's Business Looks Like in 5 Years Everything You Need to Know About Pandora Plus Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Will Layoffs at Pandora Media Inc Help Set the Stage for Its Big Plans in 2017? @themotleyfool #stocks $P
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? This sketchy Apple iPhone 8 wireless component rumor doesn't hold up to scrutiny. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM On Twitter, user Arkthub sent me a link to a forum post containing an interesting rumor about a key component inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2017 smartphone lineup. The forum post, which appears to have originally shown up on website TheLayoff.com, essentially says the following: Apple won't use Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) upcoming XMM 7480 cellular modem in the next-generation iPhone for several reasons, which essentially boil down to the fact that the 7480 is technologically inferior to competing solutions. Apple will instead use Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon X12 modem as well as the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560. Although on the surface this rumor might seem reasonable, it doesn't quite make sense upon further thought.  The XMM 7560 probably won't be ready Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has made it clear that the company intends to release new stand-alone cellular modems at an annual clip. Intel began shipping the 7360 during the second quarter of 2016, so it makes sense that the follow-on to 7360, which Intel calls the XMM 7480, will begin shipping in the second quarter of 2017 -- just in time for Apple's next-generation iPhone models (if Intel wins the spots, that is). Image source: Apple.  It seems very unlikely that Intel would have the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560, ready for commercial deployment in time for the iPhone 8 launch. After all, if the XMM 7560 were going to be all set for commercial deployments just a year after the XMM 7360 shipped, then wouldn't it make sense for Intel to just cancel the XMM 7480 altogether? So, at the very least, this part of the rumor doesn't appear to be likely. What modems will be inside of the next iPhone, then? The following is pure speculation on my part -- there haven't been many leaks about the next-generation iPhones, particularly with respect to the individual components and suppliers thereof that will be in the phones. However, key Apple supplier Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), which supplies radio frequency (RF) and Wi-Fi connectivity components for Apple's iPhones, has indicated on several occasions that it expects to enjoy dollar-content increases in successive iPhone generations. Increased RF content suggests enhanced wireless capabilities, which not only helps Broadcom's business, but also tells us that cellular modem upgrades are probably on the way.  The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus use either Intel's XMM 7360 or Qualcomm's Snapdragon X12 – depending on the model. The Snapdragon X12 is more capable than the XMM 7360, but Apple appears to be artificially restricting the capabilities of the former to ensure parity of wireless specifications of both. Image source: Qualcomm.  One hypothesis that I've put out there in the past is that Apple could deliver better wireless capabilities in its rumored OLED iPhone model compared to the capabilities found in the more mainstream models. In that case, I could see Apple using Qualcomm's Snapdragon X16 modem (i.e., gigabit-class LTE) in the OLED model, and then sticking with the X12 or using the Intel XMM 7480 in the other ones. The X12 would, once again, need to be "sandbagged" to bring it to parity with the XMM 7480 (the X12 supports up to 600 megabits per second download speeds; the 7480 supports just 450 megabits per second). We'll know more in about eight months when Apple formally unveils its next generation iPhone models. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Qualcomm, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Broadcom and Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 9:14PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Broadcom NASDAQ:AVGO $205.71 up $1.54 (0.75%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $37.98 up $0.42 (1.12%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant What Investors Should Expect When Intel Corp. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AVGO, $INTC, $QCOM
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X India to Consider Apple's Demands for Manufacturing Unit in Bengaluru Doomsday Comes Closer Because of Donald Trump: Scientists Delivery Robots Could Soon be Bringing Food to Your Doorstep Daily Users of Pokemon Go Top 4 Million in South Korea News18 » Tech 4-min read India to Consider Apple's Demands for Manufacturing Unit in Bengaluru Reuters First published: January 19, 2017, 7:48 AM IST | Updated: January 19, 2017 The departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by them in India. (Image: REUTERS) Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's (AAPL.O) demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. Read more: Panasonic P77 Review: Looks Good, But Offers Nothing Special The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. Read more: Reliance Jio Effect: Vodafone Offering 4GB Data for The Price of 1GB and More But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On January 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." Apple Demands apple india apple Manufacturing Unit Bengaluru Apple news Recommended For You Star Tech: Watch SWAG King Raftaar's Take on Technology Beauty and The Beast: Experience The Magic With New Motion Posters Bigg Boss 10 Finale: Salman Khan, Hrithik Roshan to Shake a Leg With Finalists Maruti Suzuki Baleno RS: All You Need to Know Before the Launch Hero Motocorp and The Viral Fever Salutes The Indian Army Soldiers - 'The Real Heroes' Of The Country About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News UP Elections 2017: In Akhilesh Yadav's Presence, Rahul Gandhi Praises Mayawati EC Orders FIR Against Arvind Kejriwal For Goa Bribe Remarks Jallikattu Uprising Drowned Out 'Chinnamma for CM' Chorus Bigg Boss 10: Manu Leaves Winner's Race, Walks Out With Rs 10 Lakhs Budgetary Expectations to Keep Equities Markets Volatile Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → Apple’s Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea John Martellaro @jmartellaro Jan 18th, 2017 7:55 PM EST | Editorial When all we had was Mac OS X (now macOS), our Mac life was simple on Intel-based Macs. Then came iOS with Cocoa Touch, a derivative of macOS for touch devices using ARM CPUs. That seemed so very sensible at the time. Then, of course, came tvOS and watchOS which means Apple has even more code bases to maintain. While perhaps only a mild burden, the biggest problem may be the future development of Apple devices. L: MacBook. R: iPad Pro w/ Brydge keyboard. Alien visitors would be astounded. Two similar devices. Different OSes. When I think about the evolution of Apple products, I think about the built-in walls that Apple has created that, in hindsight, were both brilliant and simultaneously self-limiting. I started thinking about this when Microsoft announced the Surface Studio. This is basically a 28-inch iPad that runs Windows apps, including, touch-sensitive Windows apps. What struck me was how Microsoft didn’t need to write a new OS for this device. That is, by making Windows 10 able to run both legacy Windows apps and newer touch-sensitive apps, Microsoft took the operating system out of the equation for the design of new, exciting (Intel) hardware. Apple, on the other hand, is in a situation where legacy macOS apps run on intel and are not touch enabled. iOS apps run on ARM and are touch enabled. Moreover, iOS was designed from the get go to be more secure. For example, customers may be okay with running anti-virus software on their Macs, but they won’t put up with it on an iPad. The suppression of a visible file system, extensive sandboxing, and other technical approaches make the iPad inherently more secure. That leaves a bad taste in one’s mouth for the future of the Mac. What that’s leading us to is a general, uneasy feeling that that Macs, running as they do on those power hungry Intel CPUs, are becoming old-fashioned and potentially obsolete. Apple seems much more enthusiastic about the iOS/iPad/mobility future because, well, it has to. Its own OS architecture roadmap more or less dictates that. Microsoft’s evolving Surface family. All run Windows 10. All are touch enabled. Image credit: Microsoft Microsoft’s Gamble Microsoft started with the idea that its Surface tablets would run on Intel. Well, yes, there was that disastrous, mildly mad experiment with the Surface RT and Windows RT. This was a Surface tablet that used an ARM processor, a special version of Windows, and a custom version of Office for ARM. It greatly confused customers because they thought they’d be able to run their Intel/X86 binaries on it, and they could not. It was a complete failure and eventually dropped. Microsoft learned from that. On the other hand, early versions of the Surface and (now) Surface Pro tablet suffered from heat and short battery life compared to Apple’s iPads which were thin, cool, and had great battery life. Even so, Microsoft stuck with its vision for Intel commonality across all its devices, knowing that technology advances would eventually enable its vision. Part of that vision was being tied down by the weight of all those legacy Windows apps, but the positive thing that came out of it was the opportunity to have a family of devices, all of which could run a single core Windows version and all of which could run legacy apps. In other words, there’s no such concept as the “PC” dying of old age like the Mac. What essentially remains is the problem of presenting Windows apps, of varying capabilities on devices of varying display sizes. That’s a relatively more simple task (I surmise) than, say, making legacy macOS apps run on a giant, 27-inch iOS-based iPad. MIcrosoft’s Vision Being Implemented To this end, Microsoft is carrying its vision forward with something called the “Adaptive Shell.” See: “Microsoft’s new adaptive shell will help Windows 10 scale across PC, Mobile, and Xbox.” Ponder this. The Windows Shell is essentially the Windows environment we all know and love. In layman’s terms, it gives us access to system elements and objects necessary for running applications, and houses features such as the Taskbar, Start Menu, Desktop and more. Currently, the Windows Shell is different depending on the version of Windows 10 you’re using. … Over the next few Windows 10 releases however, Microsoft will be bringing each of these device categories under one Windows Shell, making for a true universal Windows 10 experience no matter what device you’re using. Internally referred to as “Composable Shell” or “CSHELL”, this new Windows Shell will be able to scale in real-time between all types of devices, similarly to how Continuum currently works between desktop mode and tablet mode, only this time it’ll scale across Xbox and Mobile as well. No doubt, this staggering vision is part of the Satya Nadella era. Now, not everthing is as simple as it sounds. Microsoft has a lot of work to do to make this happen and work right. Microsoft may still be pondering the use of ARM on some small devices. There’s just no getting around the power efficiency of ARM. But the core of the matter is that Microsoft has taken a decidedly different technical path than Apple. The company is gambling that one basic OS, Windows, can be made to run on different kinds of devices (like the Xbox, PCs, tablets) and different display sizes (Surface Studio, Surface Book). Apple, on the other hand, finds itself writing new OSes for each new device, based on its functionality and size. While iOS was a brilliant and necessary move when it was conceived, it may now be forcing Apple’s hand in a way that makes customers uneasy about the future of both iPads and Mac. To ease those fears, Apple finds itself about the business of trying, with each new OS release, to make these devices work and communicate with each other better. Is that elegance or a corrupted OS roadmap? TBD. Time will tell which company’s vision is superior. The two approaches may, in fact, turn out to be technically equivalent. As a physicist might say, the “dual” of each other. (As in wave-particle duality.) Even so, I tend to feel that Microsoft’s vision, one they’ve persevered with as technology has evolved, is paying off. It seems crisp and coherent. And I like it personally. But that’s just me, and time will tell. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: iOS, iPad, macOS, Macs, Microsoft, Surface Pro, Surface Studio, WIndows 10 Comments Add a comment geoduck January 18, 2017 I’ve been saying that Apple needs to split padOS off from phoneOS. But you make a good case. Maybe Apple needs to have ONE OS To Rule Them All with customized interfaces for each device. Food for thought. Thanks. January 18, 2017 at 8:49 EST PM shameermulji January 19, 2017 “Microsoft has taken a decidedly different technical path than Apple.” Actually, MS has taken a different branding path than Apple. All of Apple’s operating systems share the same CoreOS technologies underneath and are differentiated in only two ways: 1. By the UI Layer 2. ARM-based devices can run only sandboxed apps while Macs (intel-based) have the ability to run non-sandboxed apps in addition to sandboxed apps. Instead of branding it under one OS umbrella, like MS has done with Windows 10, Apple has chosen to brand their operating systems based on the UI they’re designed for. January 19, 2017 at 1:55 EST AM JonGl January 19, 2017 Microsoft has chosen to scale down Windows from the PC to create their universal system, but what if Apple decided to scale up iOS from the iPhone to do the same thing? I bet this would be easier to do than to modify the desktop OS–easier to add file access, and other things. Plus they would have the added benefit that it runs just great on ARM already. It would’t be the work of a day or even year, but to my way of thinking, for Apple, this would be the better solution than going the Windows route of scaling down the MacOS. January 19, 2017 at 2:26 EST AM Jamie January 19, 2017 Personally, IOS as is just isn’t going to cut it, and power users need access to the system. I am not a millennial and I do not devote my time to social networks or emoji. Incidentally, in such a use case scenario it’s really only Apple that is profiting anyway, the rest of us are left hung out to dry with our real work. To that end as well, older millennials are rapidly learning that their dope mobile skills are not sufficient to function in a real, professional environment. Apple is chasing the money all the way to the lowest common denominator in service of board members and shareholders, just like so many other modern companies. Longevity does not lie in that direction. (Just basic good sense. You don’t chase fads. This is where my faith in Apple management seriously wavers). They really need to start taking professionals seriously again if they don’t want to end up being the world’s greatest novelty factory. Seriously. I could give two sh**s if they are the hippest with the kids or the most profitable, just give us tools that are useful. if they aren’t going to do that, than they need stop it with the half-assery and just call it dead so we can move on. January 19, 2017 at 9:40 EST AM vpndev January 19, 2017 There certainly are differences in the various UIs but the amount of commonality underneath is quite high, as with Windows. Apple is NOT writing “a new OS” for each device, far from it. All of the OS and all of the Frameworks can be built for both Intel and ARM CPUs so building a touchscreen Mac wouldn’t be hard – Apple would just have to include those Frameworks in the [software] build. Of course, the apps themselves would need some amount of change but that wouldn’t be gigantic. Some of the on-screen controls might have to change, but this is no different to what MS has had to do. The issue of the filesystem is one of perception. The standard Unix-y filesystem of macOS is present on iOS, it’s just hidden. Because there’s only one “user”, there’s no home directory and apps store their files in the app’s own directory. But that’s all under the control of the API calls that deal with opening and saving files. If Apple wanted to create a multi-user “iPad Super-Pro” with multiple users, apps wouldn’t notice the difference. It would all “just work”. January 19, 2017 at 10:07 EST AM SkylerK January 19, 2017 Microsoft can do this because they don’t have a viable mobile phone division. If they tried to translate the Windows experience to a phone, it wouldn’t work. You bring up salient points about the limitations Apple has put themselves under. I think Apple is going to move macOS to ARM in a few years as ARM processors become more powerful and you’ll start to see a more seamless experience. Mobile is where the money is at. But as Steve Jobs says, there will always be a need for trucks. January 19, 2017 at 12:14 EST PM marcsten January 19, 2017 I’ve thought about this a lot in the past year or so. When tablets first came out it seemed a given they would run a stripped down OS. When Surface came out running Windows, I laughed because they were awful in part because they tried to run Windows. As time has gone on, that has changed. I love my iPhone but I want to scream if I try to, say, order a pizza and enter coupons and so on. I usually give up and use my laptop. Conversely, I am often able to do so on an iPad. It really seems to me that IOS is different on an iPad than a phone. But don’t take away Mac OS and make us use IOS. My work computer will going he trash. I like the idea of a phone OS and a more rich OS for iPads and computers. January 19, 2017 at 2:19 EST PM pjs_boston January 19, 2017 Microsoft’s vision for a single OS with an adaptable UI is compelling. Alas, the devil is in the details. Based upon anecdotal evidence from various bloggers, the user experience on the Surface Studio is far from compelling in real work use. Furthermore, I don’t think anyone wants the baggage of a full desktop operating system on their mobile device. That said, Apple’s current solution has a few holes, most notably where the iPad is concerned. In my opinion, Apple should double down on its current approach by consolidating the non-UI code of all of its operating systems and apps into a single code base and then providing a custom UI for each device family. The logical extension of this approach would be to create padOS, an iPad specific fork of iOS which bridges the gap between iOS and macOS. This OS would provide the low UI latency of iOS for optimum touch response, but would add full keyboar, /mouse, and trackpad support. Access to the local file system, albeit more constrained than in macOS, is also a must. January 19, 2017 at 3:39 EST PM cubefan January 20, 2017 @shammermulji made the point I was going to make, but there’s another, and it applies to all vertical touchscreens whether 27inch monitors or 8 inch touchscreens in cars. Ergonomics. If you are sitting down, your fingertips are horizontal, thats how we are made so drawing on a horizontal surface makes sense. Reaching up, and forwards to use touch on a vertical screen doesn’t, its tiring and there’s no precision and in a car, trying to do this could be fatal because you cannot look at a screen in the centre of the car and drive without running the risk of having an accident. OK if you have an autonomous vehicle this doesn’t apply. But vertical still sucks, which is why a lot of Mercedes cars have horizontal touch controls a bit like an Apple Mouse or Touchpad, that works and you don’t NEED to look at your fingers, only the resultant movement on the screen. One core O/S, GUI’s appropriate to the application, even ones that aren’t available yet – like iOS for Car. Apple understands the UI and Ergonomics, Microsoft are STILL learning, otherwise we wouldn’t have a white/grey/platinum white Microsoft Office UI where if you have less than perfect eyesight the contrast is hopeless. January 20, 2017 at 3:26 EST AM Paul Goodwin January 20, 2017 If there’s one universal truth in engineering, it’s that every time someone tries to make something universal and not task focused, the end result is always too big, too heavy, and less reliable than designs that satisfy one focused set of requirements. In the case of computing device OSes, that would be bloated, power hungry and buggy. Another truth is that in a window of time where a technology is not obsolete, by the time you invent, develop, and debug the complex universal object, by the time you have all the bugs worked out, it’s nearly obsolete. January 20, 2017 at 7:51 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.72 -0.22 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member HBO Go Gets TV App, Single Sign On Support Apple Extends Developer Promo for App Store Search Ads Recent Tips See All » How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Report Problem iTunes Purchases through Apple's Website Apple Watch: Adjusting Your Move Goal on the Fly macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos Recent Editorials See All » How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea 9662 John Martellaro editorial 10 1484769338 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple adds slew of new features to GarageBand for iOS and Logic Pro X Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple earlier today announced a number of compelling updates to its suite of music creation software with the roll out of GarageBand for iOS 2.2 and Logic Pro X 10.3. Tackling GarageBand first, the latest update now includes the Alchemy synthesizer along with a new “sound browser” that promises to make it easier for users to search through instruments and find the exact type of sounds they’re looking for. Don't Miss: One emoji message can crash your iPhone, if you’re not careful Interestingly enough, the integration of the aforementioned Alchemy synthesizer comes about two years after Apple acquired the highly revered plug-in and sound library creator Camel Audio. Notably, Logic Pro X received the Alchemy synthesizer treatment just a few short months after Apple picked up the company in February of 2015. As for other GarageBand features, Apple boasts that the software now offers users a number of new music recording options. Recording music in GarageBand for iOS also gets easier with Multi-Take Recording, giving users multiple passes to capture their best performance and the ability to audition and switch between their favorite takes. The release also features a redesigned Audio Recorder that adds fun, one-tap vocal effects and provides users with even more sophisticated studio effects like pitch correction, distortion and delay. Seasoned users looking for even more control over their mixes can use a new collection of advanced audio processing tools, including an interactive graphic Visual EQ and the ability to use third-party Audio Unit plug-in effects for expandable, creative sound design. With respect to the latest iteration of Logic Pro X, the software has been retooled to work with the Touch Bar on Apple’s new MacBook Pro. What’s more, Apple relays that Logic Pro X users can now remotely add new tracks to a project straight from their iPhone or iPad. “With a new share option,” Apple writes, “users can upload a special GarageBand-compatible version of a Logic project to iCloud, which they can then open on their iOS devices and add new recordings whenever inspiration strikes. When the project is saved back to iCloud, any newly added tracks will automatically appear in the original Logic project the next time it’s opened on a Mac.” The latest version of GarageBand can be downloaded as a free update for existing users. Otherwise, it will set you back $4.99. Logic Pro X, meanwhile, is available for $199 from the Mac App Store for first time users. Trending right now: This LG G6 concept shows why this could be a bad year for Samsung Microsoft is begging you to ditch Windows 7 for Windows 10 Samsung is going all-out to prevent the Galaxy S8 from Note 7-ing See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Porn 'tube' sites threaten children and actors, critics say AFP Only Fios lets you upload as fast and you download Verizon FiosSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Petition for Donald Trump to release his tax returns shatters White House record BGR News Netflix CEO: ‘Trump’s actions are so un-American it pains us all’ The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology Photos | Thu Jan 19, 2017 | 3:47pm IST Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting left right A salesperson waits for customers at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade 1/2 left right An iPhone is seen on display at a kiosk at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade 2/2 By Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh | NEW DELHI NEW DELHI Some Indian officials have balked at Apple's (AAPL.O) demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favor being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) Next In Technology Photos Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon SAN FRANCISCO - In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Alphabet's hardware growth adds to strength in core ad business Alphabet Inc's core advertising business remained strong and its smartphone and home-automation products were gaining traction, analysts said a day after the company missed profit expectations, hurt by a higher tax rate. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The anti-trust lawsuit that could shape the future of smartphones 1.1k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? A Qualcomm chip is smaller than a penny. Image: Qualcomm By Pete Pachal2017-01-19 01:27:33 UTC Analysis Qualcomm is in trouble. For most, those words probably mean next to nothing, but if you know much about the technology within your smartphone, it means a great deal. Qualcomm builds many of the key components of the world's smartphones — specifically, the modems and often the processors, too. It's also the dominant vendor in both categories. To smartphone users, the difference between a phone that uses a chip or modem from Qualcomm and some other brand is often measured in seconds — how long it takes to launch an app or call up a webpage, for instance. To the industry, it's measured in billions of dollars — the reward for making deals to get your technology into the hands of millions of people. And in the future, the difference could play a role in the 5G race.  SEE ALSO: The iPhone's remarkable 10-year history, in pictures Shady deals? For the last several years, Qualcomm has been particularly adept at making those deals, growing its market share even in the wake of public stumbles like the Snapdragon 810, a flagship chip that ended up prone to overheating. In particular, it's been the exclusive provider for modems on the iPhone since 2011 (at least until last year, when Apple began using Intel modems in some iPhone 7 models). An iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Image: Mashable Now it looks like some of Qualcomm's deals may have been out of bounds. The Federal Trade Commission took the rather extreme step of suing Qualcomm over how it does business, and it's been very specific about it. In a nutshell, the FTC says Qualcomm is being a supreme dick about its patents, which allows the company to squeeze licensing fees from anyone it does business with. For a patent holder that's not entirely unexpected (or necessarily bad) except that Qualcomm's patents here are so fundamental to smartphone technology that they're considered standard-essentials patents — a special type that basically forces the patent holder to license them at a "reasonable rate." The FTC accuses Qualcomm of not doing that, but also that it went even further, basically forcing any smartphone maker to pay Qualcomm for phones that don't contain its modem tech, if they wanted to do business with Qualcomm at all. Not the first complaint Qualcomm's been accused of noncompetitive practices before, but they were from the South Korean and Chinese governments in Asia, whose interests happen to align with chip companies (like MediaTek and Samsung) based there. Not so this time. Qualcomm is a U.S. company, negating any claims of regional protectionism. "This is the third time they've had an antitrust suit," explains Tim Bajarin of Creative Strategies, a Silicon Valley market research firm. "There's no question that when you have these kind of suits, there has to be some kind of significant evidence or material that would force these antitrust lobbies to [act]." Naturally, any discussion of smartphone technology eventually drifts to Apple (call it Jobs' Law), and the company is pretty heavily involved in this. Allegedly, Qualcomm pressured Apple into using its modems in the iPhone from 2011 to 2016, effectively shutting out its competitors from working with the most influential smartphone maker in the world and hampering their development. (In that time Qualcomm's market share in mobile modems grew from 45% to 65%.) "Apple is the premium brand in smartphones," says Jan Dawson, a mobile industry analyst. "Every other brand is either not premium or a mixed bag of offerings. It's certainly more valuable as a relationship." Interesting tidbit: Those new Intel modems in the iPhone are apparently so much slower than Qualcomm's that Apple is throttling them so users have a consistent experience. Whether that's evidence in the FTC's favor or just bad engineering probably depends on whose side you're on. The Trump factor The bigger question is, will any of this matter under a Trump administration? Conventional wisdom says that a theoretically business-friendly Republican leadership won't be as excited to push the case forward, and the current FTC chair will step down on Feb. 10. However, Trump is said to be considering Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes as the replacement. Reyes hasn't been too kind to big tech companies in the past, so there's little reason to believe he would give Qualcomm a break here. (That is, if he ends up being Trump's pick.) "This is one of the very last actions of the outgoing FTC," Dawson says. "It's possible the case may not be pursued as aggressively as it would have. But remember, [Reyes] suggested going after Google. He probably won't give anybody a free pass." For its part, Qualcomm issued a defensive statement, essentially a non-denial denial that was very light on detail, apparently saving its point-by-point rebuttal for court. Considering the FTC filed its lawsuit in Apple's backyard of Northern California (as opposed to Qualcomm's home of SoCal), the witness testimony could get interesting. The 5G race If you've read this far, you may still be wondering how this affects you. Simple: 5G. Right now it's a future-tech buzzword, but in a year or two we'll start to hear about the first smartphones with 5G speeds. 5G promises smartphone connections faster than even today's wired internet, able to transfer gigabits per second (real-world LTE usually maxes out in the tens of megabits). 5G represents a new frontier for mobile internet players like Intel, MediaTek and others — especially since there are still billions (with a "b") of people who don't yet own a smartphone. It could be that Qualcomm, with its impressive patent collection and world-class team simply outplayed everybody in the age of LTE, and when 5G comes along it'll be more of the same. But if it's found to have stacked the deck in its favor and has to make changes, the 5G era could end up being a lot more competitive. That could get messy — modem performance could vary wildly between manufacturers and even individual models — but it could also give some innovative outliers the chance to shine. It all depends if the incoming FTC chair still thinks that's a future worth fighting for. We'll find out soon enough. BONUS: Glowing bike path in Dutch town is like a moving Van Gogh painting Topics: Mobile, qualcomm, smartphone, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Stock Hits $120: Is It Still a Buy? Despite a 21.5% rise in six months, this analyst is still betting on Apple stock -- for three key reasons. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:05PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has been on quite the tear recently, rising 21.5% in the past six months and easily outperforming the S&P 500's 5% gain during the same period. After setting a new 52-week high in January, the stock closed Wednesday's trading session one cent shy of a nice, round $120. With Apple stock trading higher, is it still a buy? I think so. Here's why. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Apple stock's valuation remains conservative Even after Apple stock's nice increase over the past six months, it still trades at a significant discount. On average, S&P 500 companies have a price-to-earnings ratio of about 25. Apple's P/E is just 14.4. Further, Apple stock's valuation is particularly cheap when considering its price relative to its underlying free cash flow, or the cold, hard excess cash Apple's business generates that can be used for future capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases. Apple stock trades at just 12.2 times free cash flow -- a valuation that essentially assumes Apple's free cash flow per share will remain at current levels. In other words, since Apple stock is already priced for the headwinds impeding its growth to stick around, investors have a good chance of earning a meaningful return on their investments over the long haul even if Apple never finds a way to grow its top or bottom line. All Apple has to do is maintain its current levels of profitability. 2. Worries are still overblown Of course, there's good reason for Apple's conservative valuation. Year-over-year revenue declines in the company's iPhone segment recently have been weighing heavily on the tech giant's results. The device accounts for over 60% of the company's trailing-12-month revenue, so a tough year for iPhone ensures the company's overall results will suffer, too. Data for chart retrieved from Apple SEC filings for quarter's shown. Apple's fiscal quarters are used. Char source: Author. On the other hand, while it makes sense for investors to view this negative trend with skepticism, the doom-and-gloom narratives about Apple's prospects are overblown. For instance, the release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked a monster upgrade cycle for Apple as consumers gobbled up the first iPhone with a phablet-sized screen, which meant Apple's fiscal 2016 was up against some very tough annual comparisons. Already, Apple is guiding for its year-over-year revenue comparisons to improve in 2017. The company expects its first-quarter revenue to be slightly higher than in the year-ago quarter. Further, it's easy to imagine iPhone sales returning to growth when the company overhauls the device's form factor with its inevitable next redesign -- something that could occur as early as this year. Also, other Apple segments, or even future new products, could surprise the market. The tech giant's services segment is already looking promising, and investors can take comfort in the fact that any new products would launch to a very loyal customer base thanks to the Apple's brand power. Image source: Apple. 3. Apple is a great dividend stock Last, even if the company struggles to grow its revenue -- or even its bottom line -- the stock is an excellent dividend investment. Sure, Apple's dividend yield of 1.9% may not be impressive, but its starts looking tasty when investors consider the company has been increasing the dividend at a rate of about 11% annually, and it is only paying out 23% of its free cash flow in dividends. Going forward, therefore, there's no reason why Apple couldn't continue increasing its dividend at a rate of about 11% annually for the foreseeable future. At that rate, Apple's dividend would double in about 7 years. So, yes: Even at $120, I'm still betting on Apple stock. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Stock Hits $120: Is It Still a Buy? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? Finally, a possible answer. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM You won't find an integrated baseband in the A10 Fusion chip. Image source: Apple. "There is no stand-alone modem business anymore." That's NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang from a conference call way back in 2013, when the company was developing a Tegra mobile processor with an integrated baseband modem to challenge Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). The baseband market had been shifting toward integrated solutions for years, and Qualcomm was by far the technological leader with integrated cellular connectivity. Integration provides significant benefits in costs and power efficiency relative to stand-alone modems. Yet, here we are in 2017 and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is still using stand-alone baseband modems. The Mac maker had been exclusively sourcing modems from Qualcomm for about five years, and only recently added Intel to the mix as a second supplier. But over the years as Apple's own chip ambitions grew with its A-chips, this question has lingered: Why hasn't Apple integrated cellular connectivity into A-chips? We know the company places high value on power efficiency, which directly affects battery life. The answer may potentially lie in the FTC's recent anticompetitive complaint (link opens PDF) against Qualcomm. [Redacted] = Apple? While the complaint has an entire section dedicated to Qualcomm's relationship with Apple, and all the ways Qualcomm leveraged its baseband supplier relationship to score exclusivity, the second charge is that Qualcomm consistently refused to license its standards-essential patents (SEPs) to competitors at fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) rates, contrary to its commitments. For smartphone OEMs that it supplies basebands to, Qualcomm has incredible leverage since any disruption in baseband supply could cripple their ability to make mobile devices. But for competing suppliers where Qualcomm lacks that leverage, licensing SEPs enables competition. Things get a little murkier when you talk about vertically integrated companies that are both customers and competitors. Samsung comes to mind as a prominent customer of Qualcomm chips as well as a maker of applications processors and baseband processors. Apple has long been a customer, and common sense suggests it should also have been interested in licensing Qualcomm's SEPs in order to integrate cellular connectivity into its own chips. Over the years, there's been tons of evidence that Apple is building its own wireless chips. Naturally, Qualcomm wouldn't want to lose Apple's baseband business; did Qualcomm refuse to license its SEPs to the iPhone maker? What if Apple is the redacted company from this part of the complaint? In breach of its FRAND commitments, at odds with its recognition that other industry participants "will require" a license to its FRAND-encumbered SEPs, and in tension with its practice of securing patent licenses for the benefit of its own customers, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license its SEPs to competing suppliers of baseband processors. Several of Qualcomm's former and current competitors, including Intel, [redacted], and Samsung, have sought SEP licenses from Qualcomm. In each instance, Qualcomm refused to grant a SEP license. You might not consider Apple a competitor to Qualcomm, but it very much is, particularly as its chip engineering teams have ballooned in recent years. Apple designs many competing semiconductors, even if it doesn't sell them to other companies and just uses them in its own products. Qualcomm competes for Apple's business against Apple's own chip teams. Refusing to license SEPs to Apple could be the perfect answer to the question that's been bothering me for years, since that would easily explain why Apple has yet to integrate cellular connectivity. Apple simply can't risk losing access to Qualcomm's modems, since the iPhone accounts for two-thirds of sales. And it's not as if Apple could quickly ditch Qualcomm basebands in favor of its own A-chips with integrated cellular connectivity; it would take years for Apple to design and develop even after scoring a SEP license and it would need basebands in the interim. That's not a transition that Qualcomm would be supportive of, as granting Apple a SEP license would merely lay the foundation for Apple eventually ditching Qualcomm's basebands. As a result, Apple has quietly endured Qualcomm's demands for the past five years. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, NVIDIA, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, January 29, 2017 5:06 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Thursday January 19, 2017 09:18 AM GMT+8 ICYMI DAP MP: Will Malaysia condemn Trump’s Muslim ban? Serena motivated to win more grand slam titles The Edit: Five new digital publishing apps Mexico criticises Israel over Netanyahu’s wall tweet Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A man inspects the Apple iPhone 6 Plus at an electronics store in Mumbai, India. ― Reuters picNEW DELHI, Jan 19 — Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple’s demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the US tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said yesterday that India would keep an “open mind” in negotiations. “We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India,” he said. But Apple Inc’s long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi’s ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. “We have not done this for anyone,” said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. “If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition.” Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. “Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favor being done to India.” Competitors such as South Korea’s Samsung Electronics and China’s Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Letter spells out demands Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. “What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don’t see the government of India making discriminatory policies,” said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India’s existing rules. From Apple’s point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister’s office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to “make the environment attractive” for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. “This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India’s ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world.” Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company’s request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. Meeting next week On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a “package” of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was “dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites.” The Cupertino, California-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government’s help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India’s customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. “For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive — this means less boxes opened,” Apple wrote. “The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes.” — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week An iPhone made in America? Not that simple, experts say Britain’s May eyes Turkey trade boost as Brexit looms Rouble’s revival gives Russia an unexpected headache India looks to ease pain from cash crunch in budget ESM: No reason for alarm over Greek debt Trump pulls US out of Pacific trade deal, loosening Asia ties (VIDEO) US dollar slides near seven-week lows on fading Trump trade Saudi Aramco shelves plans for RAPID venture with Petronas, source says Trump promises 'good results' from Nafta talks List of US-China tension casualties could span Nike to Lenovo Most Watched Now Week See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ NYT Video: Protests at JFK airport against immigration ban Reuters Video: Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Bloomberg Video: Cuba’s secret scuba dive site is one of a kind Related Articles Apple can sell iPhone 7s in Indonesia after R&D investment commitment India eases foreign direct investment rules to spur expansion iPhone sales drop, and Apple’s 13-year surge ebbs Why Apple’s old phones make sense for a new India ― Adam Minter Apple loses lustre on fears that ‘wow’ days over Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple iPhone 8 might include an advanced facial recognition feature, just like Android Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 19, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share I think it’s fair to say that Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 has engendered more excitement and intrigue than any other iPhone model in years. And with good reason, it’s widely believed that Apple’s next-gen iPhone will finally introduce a brand new and forward-thinking form factor. According to reports, Apple’s flagship iPhone 8 model will feature a sleek edgeless display along with a curved OLED panel. Don't Miss: Google’s Pixel is still the hottest Android phone in town As for other new features we can look forward to, an interesting new research report from Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri relays that Apple’s next-gen iPhone might also include a new form of user input based on facial recognition technology. “Other features appear to include some form of facial/gesture recognition supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera and, as expected, should also finally include wireless charging,” Arcuri said in a note obtained by Business Insider. Notably, Apple last year acquired Emotient, an AI firm with technology that can not only recognize faces, but can even recognize different types of facial expressions as a means to determine a user’s emotional state. What Apple plans to do with the technology remains unclear, but some have speculated that the iPhone 8 may allow users, if they prefer, to unlock their devices via facial recognition as opposed to Touch ID. With respect to the iPhone 8’s rumored curved and wraparound display, a Nikkei report from last month relayed that the device may use a new type of sensor technology that would “enable the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device.” As a final point, we’ve seen quite a few reports over the past few months which seemingly corroborate Arcurri’s remarks about the iPhone 8 featuring a wireless charging feature. Just last month, for example, word emerged that Dialog Semiconductor — one of Apple’s top component suppliers — inked an exclusive deal with Energous, a company with advanced technology that allows a smartphone to charge wirelessly from a distance of up to 15 feet away. Trending right now: The iPhone 8’s display design might be far superior to the Galaxy S8 This LG G6 concept shows why this could be a bad year for Samsung Microsoft is begging you to ditch Windows 7 for Windows 10 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Porn 'tube' sites threaten children and actors, critics say AFP Only Fios lets you upload as fast and you download Verizon FiosSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Petition for Donald Trump to release his tax returns shatters White House record BGR News Netflix CEO: ‘Trump’s actions are so un-American it pains us all’ The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Search Driving Search Home News Reviews Road Tests Comparisons Buyer's Guide Special Sections Auto Shows Classic Cars Green Cars Lifestyle Motor Mouth New Car Deals Safety and Maintenance Supercars Car Comparison   Search HOME / Auto News / News / Apple sued for not preventing texting behind the wheel An iPhone is connected to a 2016 Chevrolet Malibu equipped with Apple CarPlay apps. A new report suggests we might see Apple's first car by 2019. Paul Sancya, AP Photo California man takes on giant corporation, alleging it can do more to make roads safer by  Neil Vorano  | January 18, 2017 Small Medium Large Apple is facing a class-action lawsuit in the U.S. because it chose not to implement a lock-out mechanism that would prevent drivers in cars from texting.  California resident Julio Ceja has filed the lawsuit, demanding that Apple halt sales of iPhones in the state until the company releases software that would add a lock-out mechanism to all iPhones.  In 2008, Apple filed a patent for a lock-out mechanism, which notes that  “texting while driving has become a major concern of parents, law enforcement, and the general public,” and further claims that “texting while driving has become so widespread it is doubtful that law enforcement will have any significant effect on stopping the practice.”  One of the ways the patented mechanism would work would be a motion sensor, which would shut down certain features beyond a set speed. As well, a car key could transmit a signal to the phone to shut it down when the key is in the ignition.  The complaint, filed with the Los Angeles Superior Court on Tuesday, says that Apple’s decision to not use a lock-out mechanism constitutes “unfair business acts and practices” under California’s Unfair Competition Law. The complaint states that it is “downright shocking” that smartphone companies like Apple “do nothing to help shield the public at large from the dangers associated with the use of their phones.”  “If texting and driving is a vessel of trouble, Apple is the captain of the ship,” the complaint alleges.  Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles using Facebook commenting Visit our FAQ page for more information. Latest from Road Test   First Drive: 2017 Dodge Challenger GT News   Motor Mouth: SUV sales are both unstoppable and unfathomable Road Test   First Drive: 2017 Range Rover SVAutobiography Dynamic Road Test   First Drive: 2017 Mini Countryman More Stories News   New Nissan Z sports car concept set to debut this fall News   Volkswagen turns to silver for golden windshield clearing solution News   Save thousands of dollars on these all-wheel-drive sedans News   Motor Mouth: SUV sales are both unstoppable and unfathomable Local Pricing & Incentives Year 2017 2016 Choose A Make Choose A Model Choose A Trim Please select a vehicle MSRP $--- See what your neighbours are paying GO Popular Now RELATED TAGS Auto News News All Car Brands Acura Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari FIAT Fisker Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Peugeot Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Renault Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Spyker Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Subscribe to the driving newsletter Sign me up! Follow Driving is a part of Postmedia Network Inc. About Driving Contact Us FAQ Advertiser Inquiries Sitemap © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distrbution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Budget 2017 Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology Photos | Thu Jan 19, 2017 | 3:47pm IST Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting left right A salesperson waits for customers at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade 1/2 left right An iPhone is seen on display at a kiosk at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade 2/2 By Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh | NEW DELHI NEW DELHI Some Indian officials have balked at Apple's (AAPL.O) demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favor being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) Next In Technology Photos Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon SAN FRANCISCO - In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Alphabet's hardware growth adds to strength in core ad business Alphabet Inc's core advertising business remained strong and its smartphone and home-automation products were gaining traction, analysts said a day after the company missed profit expectations, hurt by a higher tax rate. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Editor's Pick Chaos, anger as Trump order halts some Muslim immigrants Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Business Home LBoard Spotter planes called in to step up the search for missing Sabah boat FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Reuters | January 19, 2017 Apple Inc's long list of demands still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. NEW DELHI: Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple’s demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an “open mind” in negotiations. “We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India,” he said. But Apple Inc’s long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi’s ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. “We have not done this for anyone,” said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. “If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition.” Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. “Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India.” Competitors such as South Korea’s Samsung Electronics and China’s Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Letter spells out demands Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. “What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don’t see the government of India making discriminatory policies,” said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India’s existing rules. From Apple’s point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister’s office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to “make the environment attractive” for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. “This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India’s ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world.” Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company’s request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. Meeting next week On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a “package” of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was “dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites.” The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government’s help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India’s customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. “For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive – this means less boxes opened,” Apple wrote. “The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story UK house price growth slows for first time since July Obama hopes for quiet after White House but will defend ‘core values’ Explore topics Apple, India, iPhones ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News This is the missing boat that’s sparked 400-square… Iban might abandon BN, argues Aussie columnist BN hadapi jalan sukar selepas Adenan, kata akhbar Australia India minister orders probe on citizen stranded here Go ahead, sue Hadi, PAS man tells Kit Siang Feverish search for 28 missing China tourists and 3 crew off For this special day, a stray dog for company, a meal cooked Bump on the shoulder, fight starts, one man dies Wan Azizah calls for emergency OIC meeting on Trump Trump immigration ban loses first legal battle ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Why can BN woo PAS but not opposition? A mistake for Pakatan to continue wooing PAS MIC has no clue what needs to be done for Indians A nation of bystanders Gong Xi Fa Cai, Ah Lam! Returning to politics that’s driven by policy More... FMT Bahasa MCA Negeri Sembilan selesai senarai calon PRU14 Sabah tingkat usaha kesan bot hilang DAP gesa Najib hantar mesej bantahan sekatan Trump Lokasi bot hilang bergelora, angin kencang Kanak-kanak antara penumpang bot hilang di Sabah, kata saksi BN Sabah bersedia walaupun PRU14 awal, kata Pairin More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Donald Trump Still Thinks Apple Will Make iPhones In USA President-elect Trump said Apple CEO Tim Cook has "eyes open" about making iPhones in the U.S. (Apple) ED CARSON 1/18/2017 Reprints President-elect Donald Trump still believes Apple will make its smartphones in the U.S. Trump said he's had conversations with CEO Tim Cook about building some "big plants" in the U.S. "I really believe he loves this country and I think he'd like to do something major here," Trump told Axiom. And I told him, I said, 'Tim, it's going to be a big achievement the day you start building some of your big plants in this country instead of other countries.' And I think he's got his eyes open to it. I think he's got his eyes open to it." Trump said during the campaign that he would bring iPhone production back home. Apple's Cook attended Trump's tech summit after the election and clearly wants to have friendly relations with the incoming administration. Apple doesn't actually make iPhones, but leaves the manufacturing up to suppliers, mostly in Asia. Top iPhone supplier Foxconn reportedly looked into moving some production work to the U.S., but nothing has come of that so far. It recently set plans for another big China facility. Moving production would substantially raise the iPhone cost. Trump could impose big tariffs on Chinese goods, but couldn't specifically target Apple goods, and he would invite substantial retaliation by China vs. U.S. companies. Apple is in talks to assemble some iPhones in India, but government officials are balking at the tech titan's demands for tax breaks and other conessions. Trump has touted various investment and job wins from automakers such as General Motors (GM), Ford (F) and Fiat Chrysler (FCAU). But all three companies have said those reflected pre-existing plans or, in the case of Ford's scrapping of a $1.6 billion Mexico plant, shifting market conditions. Apple shares closed down 1 cent to 119.99 on the stock market today, in range from a 118.12 buy point cleared last week. RELATED: OLED iPhone 8 Might Not Ramp Production Until September Apple iPhone 8 Anticipation Weighing On iPhone 7 Sales GM To Join Ford, Chrysler In Repackaging U.S. Investment Plans For Trump Trump Trade: What He Can Do Legally On Nafta, China, Mexico, Taxes   ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news During a period of nervousness about Facebook's revenue growth, the social networking giant will report Q4 results after the market close Wednesday. (achinthamb/Shutterstock) Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Fed, Jobs Data: Investing Action Plan 1/28/2017 Tech darlings Apple, Facebook and Amazon report earnings, while Federal Reserve policymakers mull interest rates again. 1/28/2017 Tech darlings Apple, Facebook and Amazon report earnings, while Federal... STMicro, Maxim Integrated Products Among Big Chip Gainers Apple iPhone Loses No. 1 Position In China Smartphone Market Alphabet PT Cut; Microsoft, Southwest PTs Hiked; Ford Upgraded Nasdaq Scores 1.9% Weekly Gain; Facebook, Apple Steady Ahead Of Earnings The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Comcast Joins Apple, Netflix As Stock Splits Rarer Why Tax Reform Could End In Tears For Trump And GOP Nasdaq Edges Up; Why Apple Is Emerging As A Big Cap Leader Again Today's Spotlight Capture Top Stocks in 2017 Hear O’Neil protégé David Ryan discuss current market action and his routine to find winning stocks. New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. Investors and Fear As the Dow hits 20,000, it’s “America First” in a fast-paced twitter shot calling world on tax and trade policy. But what does it all mean for investors? More News Who needs a centerpiece kitchen when there are delivery services like Blue Apron or Amazon Prime Now? (Perry Mastrovito/Newscom) Why These Luxury-Home Features May Go The Way Of The Carriage House (© adrenalinapura/stock.adobe.com) The Only Thing Investors Have To Fear Is No Fear Itself Can you build this fast? Promoted Content By Butler Manufacturing Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting By Reuters Published: 19:32 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 19:32 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail By Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh NEW DELHI, Jan 19 (Reuters) - Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I found a bench and made my bed': Gail Porter reveals she was forced to sleep outdoors and now lives off just £200 a month... after being declared bankrupt The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner These boots are made for partying! Michelle Keegan cuts a stunning figure in clinging cream mini-dress and thigh-high boots for night on the town  'I'm lucky to have conceived naturally at 44': Geri Horner reveals delight in smooth delivery of son Montague... and admits she won't be a 'fanatic' about losing baby weight 'It's the reason we split!': Katie Price's ex-fiance Leandro Penna claims 'he ended their engagement after she bedded Simon Cowell... despite glamour model's firm denials'  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Off to the races! Karolina Kurkova shows off curves in form-fitting cream dress and  big floppy hat at  Pegasus World Cup Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honouring late father Alan 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top Shake It Up actress shared risque photos  Star power: Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Bali beauty! The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon  Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots Is Vince Colosimo wondering 'What if?' as I'm a Celebrity...kicks off without him after claims the actor was 'pulled' from the cast last minute due to drugs charges Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks...but using the 'N word' was a dangerous step backwards in Taboo, by Jim Shelley Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet  'He's a hypocrite': Calum Best put up for eviction by Jedward... as they battle against Kim Woodburn, Nicola McLean and Jamie O'Hara to stay in the CBB house Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica 'Another day in paradise': Bronzed beauty Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her hard-earned abs in a bright orange bikini on holiday in Abu Dhabi Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Jennifer Metcalfe steps out with boyfriend Greg Lake... after his ex-Geordie Shore co-star Gaz Beadle's cringey tweet about the Hollyoaks actress' relationship with Duncan James She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Chairlift for two? The Jump's Spencer Matthews and Vogue Williams put on a VERY cosy display as they hit the ski slopes 'I was numb to all the bullsh*t': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event A vision in white! Kaley Cuoco wows in embellished mini dress for Entertainment Weekly bash Sadie Frost goes casual in joggers while cosying up to multi-millionaire beau Darren Strowger... as they join Jo Wood and her on-off boyfriend at glitzy birthday bash His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 Pregnant star released a moving statement So didn't anyone tell Alesha Dixon it was Britain's Got Talent's 'bring your dog to work' day? ...or has she hidden one inside those giant flares?  Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Displayed her perfect curves Gaz Beadle's stunning girlfriend Emma McVey flashes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as the pair enjoy a romantic date night in Manchester Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants  Funny guy Justin Timberlake photobombs John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Producers Guild Awards The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Hilary Duff makes red carpet debut with new beau Matthew Koma at Hollywood bash Sizzling snow bunnies! Vogue Williams, Lydia Bright and Josie Gibson dazzle in vibrant ski suits in the first official stills from The Jump Blonde beauties dazzle 'They are not realistic or even attractive': Jedward slam Nicola McLean's BOOBS after she scolded them for walking in on her changing in the CBB house 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage on Desert Island Discs Getting a grip on things? Georgia May Foote enjoys a PDA packed frolic on the beach in Los Angeles with shirtless boyfriend George Alsford From yachts, mansions and parties to an AVO: Entertainment entrepreneur Ron Creevey has order taken out against him by wife Danielle She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica GIRL ABOUT TOWN: 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris The 20-year-old model hid behind a scarf What a pro! Justin Bieber shoots goal for his team at NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout honouring Alan Thicke The 21-year-old pop star hit the ice Monochrome mayhem! Alesha Dixon flashes her taut tummy and cleavage in a sassy tonal coord at Britain's Got Talent auditions in London Scarlett Moffatt flaunts enviably slender figure in slinky top and skinny jeans on glamorous girls' night... after making presenting debut at the NTAs Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in NYC Puppy love! Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Ant & Dec cuddle up to their pet pooches as they arrive at first audition for Britain's Got Talent 2017 Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch Left little to the imagination She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Anthony Joshua punching above his weight? Heavyweight champion only owns a minority share in his new 'passion project' gym New channel, same old problem...The mentors are better than on the BBC. But ITV is finding improving the contestants rather harder on The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Newly-engaged Pixie Lott oozes androgynous chic in black pantsuit as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire at Dolce and Gabbana show in Milan White hot! Amanda Holden oozes sex appeal as she shows off her sensational legs while lounging around during Britain's Got Talent audition break Heather Mills, 49, shows off her sensational figure in a plunging white mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria 'A few drinks in Scotland!': Pete Wicks enjoys solo weekend away from girlfriend Megan McKenna... following their blazing row at the NTAs All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Strutted along the boardwalk  Sharon Osbourne 'negotiates £2million deal to return to X Factor this year... despite not finalising commitments for US show The Talk' Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison CBB's Coleen Nolan breaks down in tears as she discovers son Shane Richie Jr. has taken her surname in show of support during marriage woes Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at fundraiser after romantic honeymoon Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters Expanding career with epic new role Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Boris takes a leaf out of Churchill's book by posing in a bath (but unlike Sir Winston, the Foreign Secretary kept his clothes on) 'I want another baby!' Emily MacDonagh reveals plans to add to brood with husband Peter Andre... as he admits he 'doesn't mind practicing' New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from the Sundance Film Festival  Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Make-up free Sam Faiers looks worlds away from her usual glamorous self as she goes low-key in workout gear after a gym session Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out with Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer 'She's fuming!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry shoots daggers as ex Marty McKenna swears at her during yet ANOTHER explosive spat in nightclub Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe 'We're basically in a relationship!' Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara declare themselves 'official' on CBB... before laughing about her boyfriend on the outside Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 'Stop Crying, we're in Woolies': Guy Sebastian shares video of wife Jules sobbing in the supermarket after watching Lion Affected audience 'F*** you! I'm not your buddy': CBB's Calum Best bites back as Jedward's John Grimes launches a scathing attack on him and Nicola McLean  Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Is Tom Arnold the latest star to join I'm A Celebrity....? The Hollywood actor has dropped MAJOR hints that he's headed for the jungle Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Jemma Lucy flaunts her assets in black tracksuit as she steps out with leggy gal pal Chantelle Connelly in Manchester... after THAT raunchy naked photoshoot Judgement day! Vanessa Feltz will enter the Celebrity Big Brother house this weekend... and is set to bring trouble with her for Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Turf war rocks racing as Queen's friend slams The Jockey Club over controversial plans to sell off Kempton Park for housing  Retired jockey AP McCoy's wife Chanelle puts on a sizzling display in skimpy white bikini as couple continue sun-drenched Barbados getaway Jamaican me crazy! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock displays her amazing gym-honed figure in a blue bikini for sultry beach shoot Causing a stir Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Michelle Heaton flaunts her sculpted arms in halterneck top as she takes sweet daughter Faith to Lego Batman Movie screening Jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots: Jessica Hart reveals the tough life of modelling as she admits to owning at least 100 bikinis Not as easy as it seems Kate Fischer being paid to drop pounds? The model has 'signed a magazine deal' to lose 20 kilos after calling herself 'morbidly obese' Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as romance between ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her toned figure as she poses completely NAKED before slipping into studded bikini in raunchy X-rated photoshoot That's a wrap! Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson brace themselves against the January chill as they shoot Poldark season three on the windswept Welsh moors    Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'Couple goals': The Bachelor's Richie Strahan shares a VERY loved-up video with bikini-clad Alex Nation as the pair recap stunning Coral Bay trip  Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezing in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Australian model Jessica Hart appears to undergo controversial -129 degree cryotherapy healing treatment  after admitting to jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Spent sunny day out and about in Los Angeles Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Adrienne Bailon is a ray of sunshine in bright yellow dress with thigh high slit at NAACP Image Awards Nominees Luncheon 'I look in the mirror each morning for signs of extra manliness and then I see it': David Campbell pens a hilarious column about growing a beard The Price is right: 2GB shock-jock Steve Price, 62, CONFIRMED for I'm A Celebrity...Get me out of here! And he wants to be 'in charge' Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys blossoming friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE her fiance as she hugs model Karlie Kloss after winning the Australian Open  Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Is Lara Bingle coming back home? Speculation mounts the former model is arriving in Australia this week from New York for the first time with her two sons  'Not a day goes by that he does not make me laugh': Jesinta Campbell gushes over husband buddy Franklin following their secret nuptials She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' Actor, 45, played Don Draper on hit show DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event 'You have to laugh or it'll get you down': Casey Batchelor hits back at cruel trolls who brand her natural 32F breasts 'fake and ugly' Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Like mother like daughter! Rebecca Judd gushes over her lookalike daughter Billie, two, taking a picture of her doll on toy phone Adorable images Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'She's moved on in': The Bachelor's Kiki Morris moves in with boyfriend Jeremy Banks, before fueling rumours she'll appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Met Out Of Here! 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night 'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' That's not Summer Bay! Home and Away's Pia Miller and shirtless beau Tyson Mullane take lover's stroll along Bondi Beach She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her impossibly youthful complexion and famous  'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Next-Gen Apple Pencil Could Come With Magnets By Tyler Lee on 01/18/2017 16:22 PST One of the biggest gripes many people have with the Apple Pencil isn’t so much how it functions, but rather how it is being kept. Unlike the Galaxy Note series from Samsung where the S Pen is slotted inside the phone,  the Apple Pencil is a separate accessory that you’ll need to find a way to keep on your person or lose it. Given how much the stylus costs, safe to say that this is something you don’t want to be losing. However the good news is that Apple might have a solution for that. According to the rumors out of Asia, it seems that Apple could be working on a second-gen Apple Pencil, presumably for its new iPad Pros. This second-gen Apple Pencil is said to come with magnets which means that users can just stick the Apple Pencil onto the iPad and bring it around with them. Now you might be concerned about it falling out, but apparently it will be similar to the Smart Cover and if you’ve ever tried to pry the Smart Cover off an iPad, you’ll know that the magnets holding it are pretty strong. Granted we reckon iPad Pro owners would still very much prefer if the stylus could be slotted inside the iPad itself, but we suppose strong magnets might not be such a bad idea. Take it with a grain of salt for now, but as Apple typically holds as event in the early part of the year, perhaps we’ll learn more about this second-gen Apple Pencil then. Filed in Apple >Rumors >Tablets. Read more about Apple Pencil and iPad. Related Articles 2017-01-24 Gamevice Launches New Gaming Controllers For iOS Devices 2017-01-24 Floating One-Handed Keyboard For iPad Discovered In iOS 10.3 Beta 2017-01-19 2017 iPads Release May Be Delayed 2017-01-11 Apple Predicted To Hit $1 Trillion In Total Revenue From iOS In 2017 2017-01-08 New iPad Pro Display Size Might Be 10.5 Inches 2016-09-06 Apple Pencil Support On The iPhone Could Be A Possibility 2016-07-26 Apple Patent Lets The Apple Pencil Work On The Mac’s Trackpad 2016-05-24 Adonit Unveils New Pixel Stylus To Compete With The Apple Pencil Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, 2016) review: The biggest MacBook has a trackpad that's bigger than your entire phone By: Dan Ackerman Reviewed: January 18, 2017 Apple's largest laptop adds Touch Bar support for serious design apps by Dan Ackerman 1:24 Close Drag 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 $2,239.95 MSRP: $2,399.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, space gray, 2016) (Part #: MLH32LL/A) 3 Related Models Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, silver, 2016) mlw72lla $2,249.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar - 15.4" - Core i7 - 16 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mlh42lla $2,750.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar - 15.4" - Core i7 - 16 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mlw82lla $2,600.00 Apple $2,399.00 See it Amazon.com $2,249.00 See it Adorama $2,249.00 See it Amazon Marketplace $2,259.00 See it Abt Electronics $2,249.00 See it See all prices Compare These Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Apple MacBook 2016 HP EliteBook Folio G1 CNET Editors' Rating Be the first to review! The Good The larger version of Apple's MacBook Pro has a big, bold display, a thinner, lighter body, an AMD graphics chip by default and a massive trackpad. The inventive Touch Bar second-screen display saves clicks here and there, and now works with apps like Photoshop and Spotify. The Bad Even the base 15-inch model is painfully expensive. The Touch Bar is a fun add-on, but not a necessity, and the move to USB-C ports means potentially carrying a bag full of dongles. The Bottom Line With a slim bezel around its 15-inch screen and a thinner, lighter body, the top-end MacBook Pro packs a real visual punch. But if you miss the traditional HDMI and USB ports, consider the older 2015 model that Apple still sells. 8.3 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 8.0 Battery 8.0 Support 9.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Computers Laptops Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch, 2016) The trend line points toward ever-smaller computers, with premium systems diving below 10mm thick, and screens dipping down to 12.5 inches from the more common 13-inch or larger versions. But sometimes you want a big, bold, laptop with a large screen to match, especially for photo and video editing, design work -- or even just spending hours each day staring at endless text in a word processor. Apple no longer makes a 17-inch laptop (although we get reader emails a few times per year lamenting the loss of the 17-inch MacBook), so the new, updated version of the 15-inch MacBook Pro is as big as you're going to get without jumping to an iMac all-in-one desktop computer. And while we've already spent a lot of time writing about and testing both new versions of the 13-inch MacBook Pro, we haven't dived as deeply into the larger 15-inch model before now. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Even though these are all part of the same family, the 15-incher offers important differences from the 13-inch models, starting with the configuration options. There are two base configurations of the 13-inch Pro -- the less expensive stripped-down model, with only two USB-C ports and lacking both the new Touch Bar control strip and the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, and a premium version, which includes the Touch Bar and Touch ID, better specs and twice as many USB-C ports. The two base configurations of the 15-inch model, however, both include Touch Bar and Touch ID and both start with roughly the same premium features, including four USB-C/Thunderbolt ports, an Intel Core i7 processor and a discrete Radeon Pro graphics card. And that's why the price for each is eye-wateringly expensive, starting at $2,499 (£2,349 or AU$3,599) in the US, and bumping up the processor, storage and GPU for $2,799 (£2,699 or AU$4,249), which is the configuration tested here. It makes the 13-inch models, which start at $1,499 and $1,799 (£1,449 and £1,749 or AU$2,199 and AU$2,699) seem very reasonably priced in comparison. View full gallery The 13-inch and 15-inch models, side by side. Sarah Tew/CNET Of course, there's also another 15-inch option that's a little less expensive. For the time being, Apple is still selling the 2015 15-inch MacBook Pro, which misses out on some of the newer features, but still has traditional USB, HDMI and other ports. Apple MacBook Pro (15-inch, 2016) Price as reviewed $2,799 Display size/resolution 15-inch, 2,880x1,800-pixel display PC CPU 2.7GHz Intel Core i7-6820HQ PC memory 16GB DDR3 SDRAM 2,133MHz Graphics 2,048MB Radeon Pro 455 / 1,536MB Intel HD Graphics 530 Storage 512GB SSD Networking 802.11ac wireless, Bluetooth 4.2 Operating system MacOS Sierra 10.12.1 Mostly new, inside and out Much has been written, blogged or Tweeted about Apple's newest MacBook Pro laptops, first unveiled in late October 2016. Despite it being a near-total refresh of this decade-old line, a good deal of the focus was on complaints about the (still) high price and the switch away from traditional USB and HDMI ports to USB-C/Thunderbolt ports. The inclusion of a slim touch strip for commands, called the Touch Bar, was also polarizing -- it's moderately useful in many circumstances, amazingly so in a handful. At launch, it didn't have the software support to be a must-have productivity tool, but that's slowly changing. You can read much more about the Touch Bar experience here. Beyond that, there are a lot of other updates and upgrades that got lost in the noise about USB-C ports and the Touch Bar. The MacBook Pros, including this 15-inch model, have newer Intel processors, the aluminum unibody chassis is both thinner and lighter, the keyboard has been shifted to a flatter design, akin to the 12-inch MacBook, and the trackpad (Apple's touchpad) has doubled in surface area. On this 15-inch MacBook, it's larger than even an iPhone 7 Plus screen. View full gallery The massive MacBook Pro trackpad Sarah Tew/CNET That last point is especially important, as this is one area where no PC maker can touch Apple (no pun intended). The multifinger gestures that make MacBook hardware and the MacOS operating system such a killer combo is enhanced by the new, larger finger surface. It's as if just when PC makers were starting to catch up on touchpads, with better surfaces and reliable multitouch gestures, these oversize MacBook trackpads move the goalposts further away. This is also a Force Touch pad, a design now in every MacBook except the MacBook Air, which replaces a traditional hinge with a flat glass panel with two levels of haptic feedback. You can read more about Force Touch here. Magic touch The Touch Bar here is the same as in the 13-inch MacBook Pro we reviewed previously. And by the same, I mean exactly the same. Both the 2,170x60 OLED Touch Bar display and the keyboard have been dropped in right from the 13-inch version. The main physical difference is that the larger 15-inch body has extra room on either side of the keyboard for speaker grilles, while the 13-inch keyboard goes nearly to the edge of the body. A much more in-depth exploration of the Touch Bar is available in our review of the 13-inch MacBook Pro, and the functionality, benefits and limitations are the same on this model. You can read that review for an extended test drive of the Touch Bar, but it's worth noting a few highlights and lowlights here. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Initially, Touch Bar support was limited to Apple apps built into MacOS, and a handful of third-party apps, although that list is finally growing. In most cases, the unique-to-each-app set of buttons you get is presented logically, but some onscreen buttons have layers within them, and navigating deeper in and then moving back out isn't always intuitive (as in the case of Photos, Apple's photo organizing and tweaking app). In other cases, such as with Safari and Messages, the Touch Bar buttons are a perfect distillation of the most important functions in an app and the uses are easy to pick up immediately. One of the best Touch Bar features is the built-in fingerprint reader, which uses a new custom T1 security chip to implement Apple's Touch ID system, as seen on iPhones and iPads. Setup is similar to on an iPhone, with repeated fingertaps on the sensor recording fingerprint data. Unlike iPhones or iPads, Macs support multiple user profiles, so everyone using the machine can set up fingerprint access to separate profiles, or you can set up different profiles and access each one with a different finger. View full gallery Safari tabs on the Touch Bar Sarah Tew/CNET Switching between tabs in Safari is an especially cool Touch Bar trick. Each tab you have open in a Safari window is represented by a tiny thumbnail image. They're too small to really see much detail, but tapping on each one switches the browser to that tab, and it's probably still my favorite overall new Touch Bar feature. I'd love to see it in Chrome as well, as I'm often running more than one browser. Continue to next page 01 02 Best laptops of 2017 See All Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Starting at: $1,649.99 4.5 stars Apple's Touch Bar -- a thin screen that replaces the function keys on the new MacBrook... Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Starting at: $2,088.09 4.5 stars This professional version of Lenovo's Yoga hybrid is expensive, but packs in plenty of... Apple MacBook 2016 Starting at: $999.99 4 stars The 12-inch MacBook gets a better battery and faster performance, but it's still a one-port-wonder. HP EliteBook Folio G1 Starting at: $776.68 4 stars This 12.5-inch 4K laptop feels like a Windows version of the 12-inch MacBook. Dan Ackerman twitter facebook googleplus Dan Ackerman leads CNET's coverage of laptops, desktops, and Windows tablets, while also writing about games, gadgets, and other topics. A former radio DJ and member of Mensa, he's written about music and technology for more than 15 years, appearing in publications including Spin, Blender, and Men's Journal. See full bio This week on CNET News Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) LG G6 ditches removable battery for water-resistant body Zuckerberg criticizes Trump's executive orders on immigration   Discuss: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (15-inch,... Conversation powered by Livefyre CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? Finally, a possible answer. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM You won't find an integrated baseband in the A10 Fusion chip. Image source: Apple. "There is no stand-alone modem business anymore." That's NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang from a conference call way back in 2013, when the company was developing a Tegra mobile processor with an integrated baseband modem to challenge Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). The baseband market had been shifting toward integrated solutions for years, and Qualcomm was by far the technological leader with integrated cellular connectivity. Integration provides significant benefits in costs and power efficiency relative to stand-alone modems. Yet, here we are in 2017 and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is still using stand-alone baseband modems. The Mac maker had been exclusively sourcing modems from Qualcomm for about five years, and only recently added Intel to the mix as a second supplier. But over the years as Apple's own chip ambitions grew with its A-chips, this question has lingered: Why hasn't Apple integrated cellular connectivity into A-chips? We know the company places high value on power efficiency, which directly affects battery life. The answer may potentially lie in the FTC's recent anticompetitive complaint (link opens PDF) against Qualcomm. [Redacted] = Apple? While the complaint has an entire section dedicated to Qualcomm's relationship with Apple, and all the ways Qualcomm leveraged its baseband supplier relationship to score exclusivity, the second charge is that Qualcomm consistently refused to license its standards-essential patents (SEPs) to competitors at fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) rates, contrary to its commitments. For smartphone OEMs that it supplies basebands to, Qualcomm has incredible leverage since any disruption in baseband supply could cripple their ability to make mobile devices. But for competing suppliers where Qualcomm lacks that leverage, licensing SEPs enables competition. Things get a little murkier when you talk about vertically integrated companies that are both customers and competitors. Samsung comes to mind as a prominent customer of Qualcomm chips as well as a maker of applications processors and baseband processors. Apple has long been a customer, and common sense suggests it should also have been interested in licensing Qualcomm's SEPs in order to integrate cellular connectivity into its own chips. Over the years, there's been tons of evidence that Apple is building its own wireless chips. Naturally, Qualcomm wouldn't want to lose Apple's baseband business; did Qualcomm refuse to license its SEPs to the iPhone maker? What if Apple is the redacted company from this part of the complaint? In breach of its FRAND commitments, at odds with its recognition that other industry participants "will require" a license to its FRAND-encumbered SEPs, and in tension with its practice of securing patent licenses for the benefit of its own customers, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license its SEPs to competing suppliers of baseband processors. Several of Qualcomm's former and current competitors, including Intel, [redacted], and Samsung, have sought SEP licenses from Qualcomm. In each instance, Qualcomm refused to grant a SEP license. You might not consider Apple a competitor to Qualcomm, but it very much is, particularly as its chip engineering teams have ballooned in recent years. Apple designs many competing semiconductors, even if it doesn't sell them to other companies and just uses them in its own products. Qualcomm competes for Apple's business against Apple's own chip teams. Refusing to license SEPs to Apple could be the perfect answer to the question that's been bothering me for years, since that would easily explain why Apple has yet to integrate cellular connectivity. Apple simply can't risk losing access to Qualcomm's modems, since the iPhone accounts for two-thirds of sales. And it's not as if Apple could quickly ditch Qualcomm basebands in favor of its own A-chips with integrated cellular connectivity; it would take years for Apple to design and develop even after scoring a SEP license and it would need basebands in the interim. That's not a transition that Qualcomm would be supportive of, as granting Apple a SEP license would merely lay the foundation for Apple eventually ditching Qualcomm's basebands. As a result, Apple has quietly endured Qualcomm's demands for the past five years. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, NVIDIA, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $54.24 up $0.19 (0.35%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
Politics World Culture Arts & Letters Archive Subscribe Donate Blogs State of the Union Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Daniel McCarthy Noah Millman Prufrock Jonathan Coppage Gracy Olmstead New Urbs BLOGS POLITICS WORLD CULTURE REPOSITORY NEW URBANISM ABOUT DONATE The Cost of the Border Wall From Neocon to Realist The Horror of Slenderman An Infrastructure Fix Obama’s Cuba Doctrine What Was ‘America First’? The Nihilist Intelligence Officer A Left Turn for the Obamacare Debate? Can Bergdahl Get a Fair Trial? TPP Is Dead Rod Dreher E-mail Rod Follow @roddreher Run, Trump! Fiona Apple Is Coming! By Rod Dreher • January 18, 2017, 7:07 PM Tweet Fiona Apple, feminist (Featureflash Photo Agency/Shutterstock) This’ll fix the Trump problem, surely: On Saturday, hundreds of thousands of women are expected to march in Washington after Donald J. Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. This past Tuesday, the singer-songwriter Fiona Apple gave those preparing to protest a signature chant. The chant is on a new one-minute track called “Tiny Hands,” which repeats 10 words recorded by Ms. Apple on a phone: “We don’t want your tiny hands/anywhere near our underpants.” They’ll be chanting that while wearing their Pussyhats, I reckon. Wow. Just, wow. Could these irritated ladies possibly make themselves more trivial? Why yes, they can. Here in south Louisiana: A panty-painting event is planned for Saturday at Moncus Park at the Horse Farm. The event, Femme Puissance: Painting Panties for Protection, will be held from 8 a.m. until noon. To see the event’s Facebook page, click here. Lafayette artists came together to organize the event, “in solidarity with the Women’s March on D.C.,” organizers wrote. “We will be promoting women’s equality as well as addressing other vitally important issues facing women today. We invite the public to join us in this “artistic happening” by painting on our larger-than-life pair of ladies undergarments,” organizers wrote. ” We also encourage women to showcase their undergarments in any (legal) way they like! Bring your voice, your instrument, and your creativity to stand with us for women everywhere!” If Fiona Apple and the rest of that lot think that these forms of protest are going to do anything other than make themselves look ridiculous and harden the views of Trump supporters, they are quite deluded. It’s weird how so much left-liberal protest doesn’t seem at all aimed at changing the minds of the public, but rather in pleasing themselves and people who already agree with them. Let me ask the room: if you were trying to come up with protest gestures and routines for the Women’s March that would stand a chance of being taken seriously, and winning the sympathies of people who are not attending the march, and not sure where they stand on the issues at stake, what would you do? Posted in Culture war, Liberalism, All Things Trump. Tagged feminism, Donald Trump, Fiona Apple. MORE FROM THIS AUTHOR What Does Summer Taste Like? Understanding The South Hide 77 comments 77 Responses to Run, Trump! Fiona Apple Is Coming! ← Older Comments WhatCountry says: January 19, 2017 at 9:46 am Ugh, you’ve reminded me of the time a feminist friend of mine talked about a conference she went to. Everyone made cupcakes and iced them to look like vaginas, but the men were not allowed to because the sight of men handling icing-vaginas would be too “triggering” to the women (all of whom had been sexually assaulted…?) The liberals love to scoff that this had anything to do with Trump, but I’ll tell you for me it sure did. I’d like universal healthcare, mass transit, and labor unions alright, but not if it comes with segregated vagina cupcake workshops. Potato says: January 19, 2017 at 10:09 am I can’t stand Trump, but I think that demonstrations are premature. He hasn’t done anything yet, except win the election! Protests are most effective when the protesters have a goal they can articulate. Even a big vague goal can work so long as it is reasonably clear. “Register black voters.” “Eliminate the poll tax.” “Get out of Vietnam.” Some mushy thing like “Black Lives Matter” is clearly second (or third) best. Who says they don’t? What exactly can we do about it? (The specifics of the Ferguson incident, too, worked against the demonstrators. Brown didn’t say, “don’t shoot.” He was a thug who beat up a store clerk half his size and then tried to grab a cop’s weapon. And so forth.) Back to Inauguration Day, what exactly is it that these women want? That Trump refuses to take the oath of office? Ridiculous. That he behave well after that? Too vague. That he simply cease to exist? If I were Empress and ran these things, I’d hold off until he actually does something, or, at a minimum, makes a credible threat. Until then all these people can do is make themselves look foolish. Gromaticus says: January 19, 2017 at 10:10 am If I were organizing a progressive feminist anti-Trump march and were trying to sway the opinion of the kind of person who’s opinion was open to being swayed by a progressive feminist march I’d ask myself “what would a fifty year old Orthodox Christian southern conservative guy be swayed by” and do the exact opposite. Preaching to the kind of people who might join the choir sounds just like preaching to the choir to those who hate the choir’s music in the first place. Will Harrington says: January 19, 2017 at 11:26 am Looking at the picture. Quick, someone get that girl a sammich before she shrivels up and blows away! I know, I’m being snarky, but she really does look like she has starved herself into poor health, OK, on with the article. Alan says: January 19, 2017 at 11:28 am Funny chant. Odd however that they never directed it towards Bill Clinton. Will Harrington says: January 19, 2017 at 11:34 am This ones easy. Forget protests and start a campaign to seriously teach self defense to all girls in school starting at junior high. Teach them first the difference between a guy making a pass at them and a criminal assaulting them and then teach them the skills they need to stop an assault and disable that criminal. I don’t have a clue why this is not done already but it sure would be a heck of a lot more useful than the traditional marching protests and infinitely more productive than juvenile stunts like panty craft fairs. These people are idiots. David J. White says: January 19, 2017 at 11:38 am These people have absolutely no idea how they look to the rest of us, do they? Of course we know exactly how we look to them, because the media-entertainment complex loves rubbing our noses in it. Donald says: January 19, 2017 at 12:00 pm I like Sanders’s approach. ( How do you do the possessive with names that end in s? I think I did it right, but it looks and sounds weird.) I know Rod didn’t like the question he asked DeVos about her wealthy background. Fair point, but other than that he seems mostly focused on issues and has said he wants to hold Trump to the promises he made to his supporters on health care and jobs, things which would make things better if he actually carries them out. That seems like exactly the right approach. Practical, about people’s real lives and holding a politician accountable. Who knows? Maybe it will catch on. Gracie says: January 19, 2017 at 12:51 pm Applause for Will Harrington! Fantastic idea. Jen says: January 19, 2017 at 1:07 pm I think the Seattle organizers are going about it the right way. There will be ~150 organizations representing labor, immigration, environment, reproductive rights, etc, at the starting point. Participants are encouraged to think about the issue that matters most to them, and to find an organization to march with. The idea is to get people involved with these organizations, to channel the anger into something productive. I’m not sure how I feel about the directive to stay silent during the march. I understand it’s an homage to civil rights protestors. I just think that if 30,000+ show up (the Seattle Times’ last estimate), it’s going to be difficult to keep people quiet. Elijah says: January 19, 2017 at 1:46 pm Um, Jesse, polls had Clinton carrying Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania by comfy margins. Many also had Clinton carrying Florida and North Carolina. The pollsters weren’t off? Come on man…. Jeremy Hickerson says: January 19, 2017 at 1:55 pm might be interesting to ask women what they think about this. Seems possible that men might miss the point. La Lubu says: January 19, 2017 at 2:09 pm How would I go about organizing a march that may gain the attention and sympathies of a person who was unsure? I’ll say the same thing I’d been saying for years at online so-called “feminist” sites before I gave up: make the concerns brought by the women who answered the AFL-CIO “Ask a Working Woman” survey your platform. And don’t let up on it. Those are the hard-core, meat-and-potato issues that are affecting everyday women (y’know, those of us who are sorely lacking in silver spoons). What were those concerns? Unemployment. Underemployment. Irregular hours and shifts (“just in time” scheduling). Unequal treatment and pay. Pensions. Health care. Family leave. Child care. Elder care. Accessibility/affordability of higher education (for themselves or their children). Stuff that matters. I’m a labor union woman. I was highly unimpressed with the Occupy Wall Street movement and I’m even less impressed with what passes for organizing in the (not really a) feminist movement. Any “organizing” group that gets their leadership and/or primary membership from people who had comfortable backgrounds is doomed to failure. They just don’t and won’t focus on real, bona-fide, actual needs. They want to talk theory and abstraction and “belief”. Nobody eats belief for breakfast. You can’t drive theory to work. (insert generic rant on the co-optation of movements by 501c(3)’s and those seeking to make a comfortable living through such, here) Yeah. I gave up years ago. Now, if the comfortable set isn’t comfortable confronting economic issues, maybe they could at least focus on the historic lack of qualifications of the incoming cabinet—at a time when so may people find having a decent job out of reach because of their lack of credentials! And don’t get me wrong: I don’t disagree with any of the “unity principles” listed on their website. But while they have over forty speakers, only two come from labor. The primary concern of women where I live is finding and keeping adequate employment. That’s across the board—age, race, mothers or childless. That’s what’s keeping women where I live up late at night sweating bullets, and….pink pussycat hats aren’t speaking to that. David J. White says: January 19, 2017 at 2:32 pm I don’t have a clue why this is not done already but it sure would be a heck of a lot more useful than the traditional marching protests and infinitely more productive than juvenile stunts like panty craft fairs. These people are idiots. Ah, but a girls’ self-defense class in every school is far less likely than “marching protests” and “panty craft fairs” to generate media coverage and air time for self-important narcissists who love to be in the spotlight. redfish says: January 19, 2017 at 3:31 pm Fiona Apple’s songs trolling Trump remind me of when Rubio tried to troll Trump… and how that blew up in his face. On the other hand, I think the women attending are mostly trying to build solidarity, imagining this is enough to win in the long run and it doesn’t matter if they look silly. Donald says: January 19, 2017 at 3:31 pm I didn’t know who Fiona Apple was, so I googled. It turns out she was raped at age 12 and has had anorexia and anxiety disorders. I could see why someone like Trump would horrify her. http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0004712/bio?ref_=nm_dyk_qt_sm#quotes There are plenty of idiots in the world of politics and entertainment who are more deserving of ridicule than this person. PubliusII says: January 19, 2017 at 3:52 pm “It’s weird how so much left-liberal protest doesn’t seem at all aimed at changing the minds of the public, but rather in pleasing themselves and people who already agree with them.” Well, that’s because it’s not really argument or even protest, but rather protest-theater. Another name for this is virtue-signalling. The ostensible target isn’t really the target — these people aren’t total morons — but rather each other. Openly displaying that you have all the latest and greatest correct opinions is the name of the game. Reread those sections in Bottum’s An Anxious Age where today’s version of the Social Gospel meets street theater. This is how the Elect recognize each other. Well, that and all those doofus leftie bumperstickers crapping up their cars. mrscracker says: January 19, 2017 at 4:20 pm Will Harrington, We used to have karate lessons for every grade at the local Catholic school. I think self defense is a great idea, too. DG says: January 19, 2017 at 5:37 pm Merely children acting out, as they will. Siarlys Jenkins says: January 19, 2017 at 7:36 pm Um, Jesse, polls had Clinton carrying Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania by comfy margins. Many also had Clinton carrying Florida and North Carolina. The pollsters weren’t off? Come on man…. Comfy margin? You mean a one or two percent plurality? The polls were NOT off on the popular vote result nationwide, and the polls were off by a fraction of a percent in a few key states. That’s enough to swing the election, but its not an arithmetically large margin of error. A “comfy margin” would be 53 percent, or 55 percent of the total vote in a state. Planned Parenthood doesn’t save lives. Depends on the patient. Its saved quite a few. David nails it. And it seems Madonna learned NOTHING from her role playing Eva Peron, who at least knew how to motivate a crowd. muad'dib says: January 19, 2017 at 8:51 pm air point, but other than that he seems mostly focused on issues and has said he wants to hold Trump to the promises he made to his supporters on health care and jobs, things which would make things better if he actually carries them out. That seems like exactly the right approach. Practical, about people’s real lives and holding a politician accountable. Trump team prepares dramatic cuts The changes they propose are dramatic. The departments of Commerce and Energy would see major reductions in funding, with programs under their jurisdiction either being eliminated or transferred to other agencies. The departments of Transportation, Justice and State would see significant cuts and program eliminations. The Corporation for Public Broadcasting would be privatized, while the National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities would be eliminated entirely. Overall, the blueprint being used by Trump’s team would reduce federal spending by $10.5 trillion over 10 years. … It’s not clear whether Trump’s first budget will include reforms to Social Security or Medicare, two major drivers of the federal deficit. Trump vowed during the campaign not to cut Medicare and Social Security, a pledge that Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), his pick to head the Department of Health and Human Services, told lawmakers in testimony Wednesday has not changed. Yet it could be very difficult to reduce U.S. debt without tackling the entitlement programs. Conservative House budgets have repeatedly included reforms to Medicare and Social Security, arguing they are necessary to save the programs. … The Heritage blueprint used as a basis for Trump’s proposed cuts calls for eliminating several programs that conservatives label corporate welfare programs: the Minority Business Development Agency, the Economic Development Administration, the International Trade Administration and the Manufacturing Extension Partnership. The total savings from cutting these four programs would amount to nearly $900 million in 2017. At the Department of Justice, the blueprint calls for eliminating the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services, Violence Against Women Grants and the Legal Services Corporation and for reducing funding for its Civil Rights and its Environment and Natural Resources divisions. At the Department of Energy, it would roll back funding for nuclear physics and advanced scientific computing research to 2008 levels, eliminate the Office of Electricity, eliminate the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy and scrap the Office of Fossil Energy, which focuses on technologies to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Under the State Department’s jurisdiction, funding for the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, the Paris Climate Change Agreement and the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change are candidates for elimination. After they have reduced the budget, killed the ACA and cut Medicare & Medicaid and reduced Social Security, and given tax cuts to the top 1% of the population, we’ll see if making the “Dirty F***ing Hippies” cry was worth the price. Siluan says: January 19, 2017 at 9:36 pm Wow! Up until reading this article, I had totally forgotten Fiona Apple existed. l'autre J says: January 20, 2017 at 2:49 am Uh, Rod? Are you listening to the same pollsters who thought he would lose the election? That had something to do with about a sixth of the Republican electorate lying to them/us and themselves, saying that they’d vote for Gary Johnson up to just about the last moment. They walked into the voting booth and voted for Trump, leaving that selfrespect thing to liberals. There are easily 100,000 votes in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania that would not have been in Trump’s column, if anyone even slightly better had been the alternative. With the exception of the governorship of Pennsylvania, all three states are and have been run by pretty solid Republican trifectas at the state level for years. And the best example nationwide of the Sanders variety of politician, Russ Feingold, lost- getting fewer votes than Hillary Clinton. In Wisconsin. The Democrat The Masses Are Waiting For of the Red trending Midwest is a phenomenon previously seen in the South during the 1990s and 2000s. Every election cycle then had around 10% of the voters in e.g. Florida who had been voting Republican claiming to be open to voting for the Democrat. Election results showed that they in fact voted Republican every time, no matter what variant of Democrat they were presented with. With possible exception of a Republican running as a Democrat (with a wink) once in a blue moon. The Democrat who would actually get their votes inside the polling booth is either deceased (or close to it) or not a Democrat. These people have absolutely no idea how they look to the rest of us, do they? Of course we know exactly how we look to them, because the media-entertainment complex loves rubbing our noses in it. They are celebrating that there will be a liberal cultural majority soon, the great tipping occurring in about two years. (It’ll happen by generational turnover, Rod.) It’s not really these folks’ doing and the entertainments are a bit premature, admittedly, and not up to usual production values. But the point is to give your side opportunity to revel in the good natured ribbing and ability to take a joke and gentle but clever bon mots, but mostly the classy all around aw shucks nice guy personas you have grown into. See comments above for examples. La Lubu says: January 20, 2017 at 9:11 am On the other hand, I think the women attending are mostly trying to build solidarity, imagining this is enough to win in the long run and it doesn’t matter if they look silly. Yes, this is true. They’re looking for some means to get involved in countering the policy and legal changes likely to take place, because they’ve taken for granted there would be no change to their status quo. White women from a managerial class background haven’t generally had experience with organized opposition; their politics have been individual. And that’s the thing: solidarity is all about shared struggle. If you haven’t really struggled, let alone shared that—well…. That’s why I have such a disconnect with what passes for feminism. Women who’ve never really struggled on that basic level (talking Maslow’s hierarchy here), think that because of their educational level or class status they deserve to be “in charge”, absent any elections or consensus from the women they intend to speak for. Forget politics or ideology—that is the primary reason the feminist movement never really took off in America. No democracy in it. And working class women like myself don’t need or want another autocratic boss. (and we have intimate experience with the fact that more “women in the boardroom” does NOT translate into more justice on the shop floor, and never has). With that said, both the people that stayed at home as their protest vote against the Clinton candidacy, and the people who voted for Trump as a Hail Mary pass, are going to be sorely disappointed when none of their concerns are met, and the remaining social safety net is actively dismantled by the incoming administration. These are people who *do* have experience in shared struggle. Siarlys Jenkins says: January 20, 2017 at 4:19 pm With the exception of the governorship of Pennsylvania, all three states are and have been run by pretty solid Republican trifectas at the state level for years. And the best example nationwide of the Sanders variety of politician, Russ Feingold, lost- getting fewer votes than Hillary Clinton. In Wisconsin. The midwest may be trending Red, but that doesn’t mean what the news pundits have meant by Red in the last two decades or so. Blue was, traditionally, Francisco Franco’s color, remember? Your knowledge of facts on the ground is sadly deficient. Feingold is not “like Sanders.” Feingold is, basically, a liberal, although he once had a good deal of integrity. What we needed in 2016 was someone who could be what Feingold was in 1992, not a tired old man who was the fresh young underdog 24 years ago. Feingold did run six points ahead of George W. Bush in 2004, in the teeth of a GOP campaign which assumed that nobody who voted against the USA Patriot Act could possibly win. But, I’ve talked to people who despise Feingold, EXCEPT that he was right about that very act. You might consider what my dentist, a conservative Republican voter, although a nice guy who offered discounts to uninsured patients, said about 2012. He simply couldn’t believe that an electorate that had just declined to recall Scott Walker was going to elect Tammy Baldwin, the first openly lesbian candidate to run for the U.S. senate, over Tommy Thompson, a popular and somewhat faux populist former governor. But they did. Which just goes to show that “trends” are made up of disparate fractals that could easily form another pattern. Somehow, even after the legislative and congressional districts had been thoroughly gerrymandered in 2011, the “Republican trifecta” couldn’t carry their states for Mittens in 2012. Just as Donald Trump owes his election to the Democratic National Committee, Scott Walker survived the recall courtesy of the Democratic Party of Wisconsin. Walker didn’t win in 2010 promising to smash unions and defund education. He ran a bland campaign as a fresh young face, showing off the brown paper bag he took his lunch to work in, and pledging to create 250,000 new jobs. The incumbent, Jim Doyle, burdened with the baggage anyone has after serving for two terms, wisely bowed out. The part turned to the oldest party hack they had, crying “name recognition,” and lost. Offered a golden opportunity to recall Walker after he showed his true colors, they offered the same tired old party hack — and lost again. There were some journalists who went into the very counties that gave Obama a majority in 2012 and Trump a majority in 2016, to interview a significant cross-section of local voters. So, between the county by county maps, the precinct maps, and the direct face to face conversations, who flipped for what and why is rather well documented. Eric says: January 21, 2017 at 11:27 am Let me ask the room: if you were trying to come up with protest gestures and routines for the Women’s March that would stand a chance of being taken seriously, and winning the sympathies of people who are not attending the march, and not sure where they stand on the issues at stake, what would you do? What’s your own answer to this Rod? Clearly, you have an opinion on this because you don’t think the methods on the table are appropriate. So what would be appropriate? What version of protesting, standing up to, or challenging a man who admits to groping women are you okay with? What kind of protest are women allowed to do without looking ridiculous to you? I’m having a hard time imagining any protest against our president’s overt misogyny that would please conservative men, so I have a hard time faulting the March’s organizers for not making thinking about that a priority. Patrick says: January 22, 2017 at 3:22 am “We don’t want your tiny hands/anywhere near our underpants.” Haha – I hope it isn’t too mean to point out that unless you look like a potential Miss America and are young, Trump probably doesn’t want to touch you on an even theoretical level. Over a size two? You have nothing to worry about. Middle-aged? You have nothing to worry about. I’d rather doubt Trump has a difficult time finding someone more willing. ← Older Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   The Cost of the Border Wall From Neocon to Realist The Horror of Slenderman An Infrastructure Fix Obama’s Cuba Doctrine What Was ‘America First’? The Nihilist Intelligence Officer A Left Turn for the Obamacare Debate? Can Bergdahl Get a Fair Trial? TPP Is Dead The Cost of the Border Wall From Neocon to Realist The Horror of Slenderman An Infrastructure Fix Obama’s Cuba Doctrine What Was ‘America First’? The Nihilist Intelligence Officer A Left Turn for the Obamacare Debate? Can Bergdahl Get a Fair Trial? TPP Is Dead Diversity Is Hard Witch Hunt on Campus Get updates from The American Conservative Sign Up BLOGS Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Noah Millman Daniel McCarthy New Urbs CATEGORIES Politics World Culture Arts & Letters New Urbanism The Repository ABOUT US Who We Are FAQ Comments Policy Jobs/Internships Masthead Contact TAC THE MAGAZINE Subscribe Archive Change Address Customer Service Donate Advertise ×
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Stock Hits $120: Is It Still a Buy? Despite a 21.5% rise in six months, this analyst is still betting on Apple stock -- for three key reasons. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Jan 18, 2017 at 7:05PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has been on quite the tear recently, rising 21.5% in the past six months and easily outperforming the S&P 500's 5% gain during the same period. After setting a new 52-week high in January, the stock closed Wednesday's trading session one cent shy of a nice, round $120. With Apple stock trading higher, is it still a buy? I think so. Here's why. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Apple stock's valuation remains conservative Even after Apple stock's nice increase over the past six months, it still trades at a significant discount. On average, S&P 500 companies have a price-to-earnings ratio of about 25. Apple's P/E is just 14.4. Further, Apple stock's valuation is particularly cheap when considering its price relative to its underlying free cash flow, or the cold, hard excess cash Apple's business generates that can be used for future capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases. Apple stock trades at just 12.2 times free cash flow -- a valuation that essentially assumes Apple's free cash flow per share will remain at current levels. In other words, since Apple stock is already priced for the headwinds impeding its growth to stick around, investors have a good chance of earning a meaningful return on their investments over the long haul even if Apple never finds a way to grow its top or bottom line. All Apple has to do is maintain its current levels of profitability. 2. Worries are still overblown Of course, there's good reason for Apple's conservative valuation. Year-over-year revenue declines in the company's iPhone segment recently have been weighing heavily on the tech giant's results. The device accounts for over 60% of the company's trailing-12-month revenue, so a tough year for iPhone ensures the company's overall results will suffer, too. Data for chart retrieved from Apple SEC filings for quarter's shown. Apple's fiscal quarters are used. Char source: Author. On the other hand, while it makes sense for investors to view this negative trend with skepticism, the doom-and-gloom narratives about Apple's prospects are overblown. For instance, the release of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sparked a monster upgrade cycle for Apple as consumers gobbled up the first iPhone with a phablet-sized screen, which meant Apple's fiscal 2016 was up against some very tough annual comparisons. Already, Apple is guiding for its year-over-year revenue comparisons to improve in 2017. The company expects its first-quarter revenue to be slightly higher than in the year-ago quarter. Further, it's easy to imagine iPhone sales returning to growth when the company overhauls the device's form factor with its inevitable next redesign -- something that could occur as early as this year. Also, other Apple segments, or even future new products, could surprise the market. The tech giant's services segment is already looking promising, and investors can take comfort in the fact that any new products would launch to a very loyal customer base thanks to the Apple's brand power. Image source: Apple. 3. Apple is a great dividend stock Last, even if the company struggles to grow its revenue -- or even its bottom line -- the stock is an excellent dividend investment. Sure, Apple's dividend yield of 1.9% may not be impressive, but its starts looking tasty when investors consider the company has been increasing the dividend at a rate of about 11% annually, and it is only paying out 23% of its free cash flow in dividends. Going forward, therefore, there's no reason why Apple couldn't continue increasing its dividend at a rate of about 11% annually for the foreseeable future. At that rate, Apple's dividend would double in about 7 years. So, yes: Even at $120, I'm still betting on Apple stock. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Jan 18, 2017 at 7:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $121.95 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More Why 2017 Will Be the Year of the Virtual Assistant Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? Welcome Back, Apple TV Speculation Qualcomm Stock Tumbles Following Apple Lawsuit Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Apple Stock Hits $120: Is It Still a Buy? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Blogs Baby Blog Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next Lifestyle guru and founder of Get The Gloss, Susannah Taylor reveals her favourite healthy breakfasts for 2017  Sponsored by M&S By Katy Winter for MailOnline Published: 18:59 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 14:48 EST, 19 January 2017 e-mail 45 shares 5 View comments Get The Gloss founder Susannah Taylor tried out the new M&S range of clever and deliciously good for you breakfast options As the founder and editor-in-chief of hugely popular lifestyle website Get The Gloss, Susannah Taylor is perfectly placed to talk about health and lifestyle trends.  A busy working mother of two, Susannah knows the importance of being able to grab a healthy breakfast.  Convenience and time are important to her, as is taste and nutrition.  But she doesn't have time to peel and arrange fruit into beautiful breakfast bowls! M&S understands this too - they have created a clever and deliciously good for you new range of healthy breakfast options incorporating exciting and nutritious and ingredients.  So Susannah, who splits her time between her family home in Oxfordshire and business meetings in London, was just the person to road-test the new M&S products, and give us some of her own ideas on how to start the day brilliantly.  ‘My own breakfast is quite varied,’ Susannah, 41, a former Vogue staffer, admits. ‘It depends whether I am going out, exercising or sitting at my desk.’  Susannah started the Get The Gloss website which she new runs with a team of seven Super model ElleMacPherson (left) has written for Get The Gloss, while Body Coach Joe Wickes (right) provides bespoke recipes and advice  ‘I have gleaned so much off personal trainers and expert nutritionists over the years and I wouldn’t dream of not having breakfast.’ ‘Carbohydrates are just so important. I have always eaten them, and they are essential before exercise, though you need to make sure you eat at least an hour before you work out.' Susannah, whose Instagram has 31,000 followers, says: 'For many years and partly thanks to Instagram, the focus of eating seems to have been about getting a great body. 'But we also need to think about how we feel - in this crazy digital era where we can't sit for two minutes without looking at our phones,and with anxiety levels at an all-time high, people are realising how important it is to eat nutritious, nourishing food and how that can affect how we feel.' Here are some of her best breakfasts to nourish body and mind:  Perfectly peachy seeded porridge We all know that porridge provides a great start to the day, and M&S' new range includes not only a super high fibre porridge, but also a clever range of super seed mixes which can be added to your breakfast for a nutrient blast! Susannah tried out the Super Seeds and Goji Berry (£4, 200g), a cornucopia of golden flaxeed, sunflower, pumpkin and sesame seeds plus goji berries. She says: 'Carbohydrates are just so important. I have always eaten them and they are essential before exercise, though you need to make sure you eat at least an hour before you work out. Susannah styled this breakfast with porridge spiked with Super Seeds & Goji Berry from M&S, fresh peaches and honey M&S's new range also includes their Blueberry and Cranberry Great Grains  cereal  'You have to fuel your body for the gym or you just won’t see the results you want. 'Porridge oats are a slow releasing form of energy so will keep you full until lunch, even better if they are extra fibre oats! Tea is the new coffee People have really over-indulged in the coffee trend. A little bit of caffeine is fine but too much really isn’t great. Plus people don’t realise the extra calories that more fancy coffees like mochas and lattes can contain. Long gone are the days of only having the option of peppermint, chamomile and fruits of the forest blends! Tea is definitely seeing a resurgence, especially different types of green tea and exotic infusions, as people are realising it is a lower calorie option as well having loads of extra health benefits. I am a huge fan of different teas and I drink loads of it throughout the day. 'I mixed mine here with milk (I'm not 'free' anything, so eat dairy, gluten and drink caffeine), and then heated it up. 'I then added fresh peaches for a hit of antioxidants, and a sprinkling of M&S's new Super Seeds and Goji berry mix which is high in fibre and contain Omega 3 Fatty acids which can be hugely beneficial for brain function.  It was so tasty! 'I enjoyed my porridge with a cup of M&S's Sweet Jasmine Pearl Green Tea.' Apple and raspberry Bircher overnight oats Bircher muesli is a Swiss invention dating back to 1900 which involves soaking oats overnight in juice and yoghurt and adding grated fruit. M&S has two new Bircher mueslis, one with oats, barley and spelt plus apple and raspberry pieces and one with rolled oats, chopped dates and red quinoa, plus mixed seeds, cinnamon and coconut. Susannah says: 'There is a real trend at the moment for 'overnight oats', which are oats soaked overnight and eaten cold with various toppings.  Susannah combined M&S's new Apple and Rasberry Bircher muesli with almond milk and topped it with berries and flaxseeds 'These ones from M&S are seriously delicious. Containing oats, barley and spelt flakes as well as pieces of apple and raspberry they will keep blood sugar levels stable for longer throughout the morning.  'The instructions  say to make it with apple juice, but if you're after a lower sugar alternative you can just soak them in almond milk over night for a creamy treat and topped them with berries which are lower in fructose than other more sugar-laden fruits.' Low-sugar pimped Greek yoghurt bowl This mix of low-sugar fruits, nuts and protein rich Greek yoghurt is Susannah's go-to breakfast  Greek yoghurt has less sugar and more protein than regular yoghurt, making it a perfect breakfast choice if you're looking to boost your bones and stave off hunger til lunchtime. Susannah says: 'This is my go-to super-fast breakfast at home. Greek yoghurt is a brilliant source of protein; rich in amino acids, it will also help repair muscles post workout. 'I've added pecans here for extra energy, as well as berries and passionfruit. Berries don't contain as much sugar as some fruits (although I wouldn't eat a whole punnet), and plain yoghurt is much better than flavoured yoghurt which can contain a lot of added sugar. Mango and Quinoa Yoghurt Pot Susannah says the new M&S new Mango & Quinoa Yoghurt Pot (£1.75 for 195g) is a perfect option for an on-the-go, high protein  Why not try M&S's new Purple Tea & Blueberry Infusion, £3.00, is made with cultivar tea leaves from Kenya? Fruit gives a nutrition boost at the start of the day, but it makes sense to pair it with some protein to stop hunger striking at 11am. M&S has two new yoghurt pots made with high-protein quinoa plus mango or strawberry, and Susannah couldn't wait to dive into the mango one! She says: 'People are learning from health professionals to move foods traditionally eaten at lunch to breakfast time. These are the foods that are packed with nutrients and quinoa is great as it doesn’t have much flavour on its own so is very versatile. It’s actually lovely sweet! 'Like many people, I often have to grab breakfast in a rush on my way to a meeting and this pot from M&S is something I'd grab if I don't have time to make breakfast at home. 'Quinoa is a seed that contains loads of protein and fibre. It's great to eat protein with every meal because protein helps build lean muscle in your body, and the more lean muscle you have the more you will burn fat. Win win!' Buckwheat Pancakes with raspberry and vanilla coulis Susannah makes her breakfast pancakes out of buckwheat which is full of phytonutrients and has a slightly nutty taste 'I tend to make pancakes out of buckwheat flour instead of white flour (my kids love the too).  Buckwheat pancake recipe   125 g buckwheat flour 3 eggs lightly beaten pinch of salt 300 ml (half pint) of milk Mix ingredients well and spoon, a ladle at a time, into a lightly greased pan on medium heat. Flip when the edges start to curl up.  'Buckwheat is full of phytonutrients and has a slightly nutty taste and these feel like they keep me full for a long time so I don't feel starving an hour after eating them.  'I have thrown in a load of blueberries, which, as everyone knows are packed with antioxidants and I have also created a very simple raspberry coulis which is blended raspberries, coconut water and a drop of vanilla essence.  'All washed down with a cup of Earl Grey tea.' Super speedy smoothie As well as a great quick option for breakfast, this smoothie contains mood-boosting bananas  You can't be five minutes on Instagram without seeing a smoothie or ten, often served in a jam jar.  But there's more to them than looking good on social media - smoothies are also a clever way to get a good dose of nutrients quickly and easily - no cutlery required! Susannah says: 'If there's very little time for a proper breakfast, then I might make a smoothie. One of my favourites is ice cold almond milk with blueberries, banana, ground flax seeds and a teaspoon of almond butter. 'People are getting excited about ‘mood boosting’ foods, and bananas are high in tryptophan; an amino acid that can help improve sleep and reduce anxiety. 'But it's important not to just eat your normal diet and add smoothies on top. A smoothie should replace your breakfast or be used post workout to help your body recover from exercise.'  Creamy vanilla chia pudding Susannah soaked nutrient-dense chia seeds (Black & White Chia Seeds, £4 for 200g from M&S) overnight in almond milk and vanilla essence to make a creamy breakfast treat Anyone who's read Christopher McDougall's Born to Run comes away in awe of chia seeds, the tiny wild seeds known as 'the running food' that fuelled Aztec warriors and, more recently, the Tarahumara barefoot runners to run a hundred miles at a time across Mexico. Now available in a handy pack at M&S, Susannah used them as the basis of her healthy breakfast. She says: 'Chia seeds have been around for a few hundred years but they've recently become huge on the western nutrition scene and they're definitely are not going anywhere! 'I love making chia puddings for breakfast - chia seeds are loaded with great nutrients from fibre to protein, good fats and Vitamin B1. Here I soaked them overnight in almond milk and added a few drops of good quality vanilla essence. I added more nuts for extra energy. Spicy Omelette Susannah loves eggs for breakfast - here she teams them with red onion and chillies 'I eat a lot of eggs - they are my go-to meal when I want something healthy but more filling (and for lunch times too). A nutritionist once told me that eggs are a complete meal in a shell,' Susannah says.  'People are often looking for the latest 'superfood', but in my opinion that's what eggs are since they contain protein, healthy fats and many vitamins all in one. If I have time, I'll fry a bit of red onion, add some chilli to mix with the eggs before cooking. Salt and pepper essential.' Cold pressed vegetable juices Susannah tried out the Cold Pressed Beetroot and Ginger shot from M&S (£1.50 for 150ml), says: 'This was a really delicious wake-up shot of goodness!' If you think you're doing well having a juice, think again!  Nowadays it'll about how your juice was extracted; or, to put it bluntly, was it cold-pressed? M&S has a brilliant new range of cold-pressed juices with flavours including carrot and turmeric, 2017's hottest new ingredient loved for its powerful anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties.  It is also believed to help in the fight against dementia.  M&S's new range includes Cold Pressed Beetroot Shot, Cold Pressed Carrot Shot (both £1.50/150ml), Cold Pressed Apple, Celery & Spinach Juice, as well as (not pictured) Cold Pressed Apple, Beetroot, & Celery Juice (both £2.25/250ml) Susannah, who tried out the Cold Pressed Beetroot and Ginger shot from M&S (£1.50 for 150ml), says: 'This was a really delicious wake-up shot of goodness!  The popularity of cold pressed juices has risen as consumers become more aware of the processes used to produce their food, and juices that have been cold pressed are thought to retain more nutrients as they haven't had heat applied, which can destroy some of the nutrients.  'When it comes to juices, the rule should be ‘one fruit and the rest vegetables’; people get it wrong by drinking loads of pure fruit juice, so these shots are perfect.' Scrambled eggs and asparagus with pecorino  Scrambled eggs with asparagus and pecorino is quick, easy and packed with nutrients 'Scrambled eggs are a very healthy, quick and inexpensive breakfast. The jury is out on how to make them (some say add milk, others say not to), but I make them my mother's way which is to add a dash of milk, a small knob of proper butter (grass-fed is best) and plenty of salt and pepper.  'I also added asparagus which is loaded with nutrients, vitamins and fibre, and topped it with a little grated pecorino cheese. I don't believe you have to be dairy-free to be healthy, and this is a healthy breakfast which also tastes like a treat.' The new range of healthy breakfast options is instore at M&S now.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 45 shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who... Pictured: Former KGB general who helped MI6 spy compile... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12... Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from... Her final passing shot! Awkward moment Serena Williams... White housewife who claimed Emmett Till, 14, 'sexually... Heroic 9/11 firefighter who worked tirelessly at Ground... Pictured: William and Kate get £20,000 yew hedge to give... From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The... 'Tinder' for teens: Inside the seedy world of a new... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (5) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Cruel betrayal of Rick Parfitt's widow: She forgave all to care for him in his dying days... but the Status Quo rocker left her nothing – and had been getting intimate with another of his ex-wives The money-making secrets that rich people swear by (and they're VERY simple to follow once you know what they are)  Dry January’s nearly over – what will your first drink be? Make it a good one with our guide to 2017’s top tipples!  ‘I was totally alone when I heard a woman singing a lullaby’: Reddit users reveal their most DISTURBING paranormal experiences (and some of them will keep you awake at night)  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman, as she says the role helped her to 'come alive'  Lifestyle guru and founder of Get The Gloss, Susannah Taylor reveals her favourite healthy breakfasts for 2017  'It tastes like it was made by Willy Wonka himself!' Virginia brewing company debuts an OREO beer - and sells out of the chocolate-flavored stout in a single day MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Sections Latest Popular Search Subscribe Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store What the Anti-Abortion Movement Has Won by Nora Caplan-Bricker A Yazidi Refugee, Stranded at the Airport by Trump by Kirk W. Johnson How You Ended Up at Pret A Manger by Robert Bastron The Schmaltzy, Cinematic Dog Death Reaches Its Logical Endpoint by Jia Tolentino Trump Enraged as Mexican President Meets with Meryl Streep Instead by Andy Borowitz The Kind of Comedy That Can Hurt Trump by Ian Crouch Orwell’s “1984” and Trump’s America by Adam Gopnik A Yazidi Refugee, Stranded at the Airport by Trump by Kirk W. Johnson Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Subscribe to The New Yorker Culture Desk Listen to “Tiny Hands,” Fiona Apple’s Anti-Trump Protest Song By Carrie Battan   January 18, 2017 In honor of the Women’s March on Washington, Fiona Apple released a blunt and infectious chant to protest Donald Trump.CreditPHOTOGRAPH BY BEATRICE DE DEA / THE NEW YORK TIMES / REDUX For two decades, Fiona Apple has proved herself immune to the tides of influence that sway many other artists of her stature. Pressure from her label, a pleading army of fans, the imperative to remain “relevant”—none of these earthbound concerns have roused Apple from her state of prolonged hibernation. The one exception, it seems, is the President-elect. Last month, at a Standing Rock benefit concert, Apple performed a scathing, anti-Trump rendition of “The Christmas Song,” swapping out its classic, cozy lyrics for more timely ones. “Trump’s nuts roasting on an open fire,” she began, and went on to narrate America’s current conundrum as a kind of Christmas nightmare: “Everybody knows that money and entitlement / Can help to make the season white. / And every working man is gonna cry, / when they learn that lech don’t care how you live or if you die.” This week, in honor of the Women’s March on Washington, Apple has returned with another anti-Trump song, “Tiny Hands.” The one-line chant is set in a programmed loop over a sampling of the President-elect’s voice from the leaked “Access Hollywood” tape in which he boasted about groping women. “We don’t want your tiny hands anywhere near our underpants,” she sings over a drum-line beat, pairing the vulgarity of Trump’s “grab ’em by the pussy” with the prudishness of the term “underpants,” as if to echo in her rhyme the childishness of its target. Unlike Trump, who wields his words like a bludgeon, Apple is hushed, calm, resolute. But her words, like his, are blunt, infectious—designed to be shouted by torrents of marching women. It seems that Apple, the patron saint of the wounded, has finally met a bully big enough to pull her into the churn of the news cycle and keep her there. A Presidential term is four years—still shorter than the average amount of time between Fiona Apple albums. Carrie Battan is a contributing writer for newyorker.com. She has contributed to the New York Times, New York Magazine, GQ, Rolling Stone, and the Web site Pitchfork, where she worked as a staff writer from 2011 to 2014. More More: Donald Trump Music Protest Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular Trump Enraged as Mexican President Meets with Meryl Streep Instead By Andy Borowitz The Kind of Comedy That Can Hurt Trump By Ian Crouch Orwell’s “1984” and Trump’s America By Adam Gopnik A Yazidi Refugee, Stranded at the Airport by Trump By Kirk W. Johnson Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich By Evan Osnos Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via Strongbox. » More From the New Yorker Culture Desk A Seedbed of New Images to Protest Trump Colin Moynihan Cultural Comment The Somehow Controversial Women’s March on Washington Jia Tolentino Satire from the Borowitz Report Trump Enraged as Mexican President Meets with Meryl Streep Instead Andy Borowitz Cultural Comment The Kind of Comedy That Can Hurt Trump Ian Crouch Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in Would you lend us a hand? Tell us what you think of The New Yorker’s Web site. You could win $3,000. Click Here. About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 19 January 2017 | MYT 1:21 PM US to probe whether Fujifilm violating Sony magnetic tape patents Under investigation: The ITC is looking into whether Fujifilm was violating Sony's patents for certain magnetic tape cartridges. — Reuters WASHINGTON: The US International Trade Commission said on Jan 18 it had launched on investigation into whether Fujifilm Holdings Corp was violating patents which Sony Corp holds for certain magnetic tape cartridges.  The ITC said the products at issue in its probe were so-called Linear Tape-Open, or LTO, magnetic tape products and tape cartridge components comprising such products. — Reuters You May Be Interested STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Growing insurance consortium eyes industry-wide blockchain Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Wantan mee that‘s worth the wait Dishes that symbolise good luck and prosperity Germany's Schaeuble admits 'mistakes' in refugee policy advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Mac malware is found targeting biomedical research Mac malware is found targeting biomedical research The malware, which Apple calls Fruitfly, can also run on Linux Michael Kan (IDG News Service) 19 January, 2017 09:37 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Ingram Micro Australia Synnex Comments A Mac malware that’s been spying on biomedical research centers may have been circulating undetected for years, according to new research. Antivirus vendor Malwarebytes uncovered the malicious code, after an IT administrator spotted unusual network traffic coming from an infected Mac. The malware, which Apple calls Fruitfly, is designed to take screen captures, access the Mac’s webcam, and simulate mouse clicks and key presses, allowing for remote control by a hacker, Malwarebytes said in a blog post on Wednesday. The security firm said that neither it nor Apple have identified how the malware has been spreading. But whoever designed it relied on “ancient” coding functions, dating back before the Mac OS X operating system launch in 2001, said Malwarebytes researcher Thomas Reed in the blog post. Surprisingly, Fruitfly is also built with Linux shell commands. Reed said he tried running the malware on a Linux machine and found that everything “ran just fine” except for Mac-specific code. The old coding, along with the Linux commands, suggest that the malware’s makers maybe didn’t "know the Mac very well and were relying on old documentation" to develop it, Reed wrote. Security researchers have said Mac malware is pretty rare. That's because hackers generally focus on attacking Windows-based devices, which there are far more of. This particular Mac malware is easy to spot, according to Reed. It comes in two files, one of which acts as a launch agent. Nevertheless, Malwarebytes found evidence suggesting that Fruitfly has been infecting Macs undetected for at least few years. For instance, a change made to the malicious coding was done to address OS X Yosemite, which was launched in Oct. 2014. Reed said this malware has remained undetected probably because it’s been used “in very tightly targeted attacks, limiting its exposure.” He speculates the malware was designed for espionage, given that it was found targeting biomedical research institutions. Once the malware infects a Mac, it will also attempt to retrieve information on local network and other devices connected to it. Fortunately, Apple has already released an update that protects Macs from Fruitfly infections. Leader Computers and Ubiquiti partner to bring real wireless innovation to the Australian channel More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Apple Read next Former Webroot head joins Insentra Alphabet earnings surge on mobile, YouTube ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Channel Deals Com1 International MSI Cubi Mini-PC Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News Jan 28 ​How "corrupted" tech tender that cost Aussie taxpayers $240 million was won Jan 28 Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD Jan 28 Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Jan 27 Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally More News ​How "corrupted" tech tender that cost Aussie taxpayers $240 million was won CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Republic Day #Raees #Kaabil #BMC election #Bigg Boss 10 #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Nitin Gadkari: Goa tourist traffic to increase three-fold with new airport Accused of sexual harassment, Meghalaya Governor resigns ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime note ban BMC Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Virat Kohli: 'Precise' England outplayed us Virender Sehwag and his 'twin' giving 'gyaan' is 'double dhamaal' ToPICs India vs England Viarat Kohli EPL BCCI Formula One ISL Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Travel: All you need to know about rappelling Mumbai Food: New Bandra Asian eatery offers authentic Japanese, Thai fare ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Box office: SRK's 'Raees' beats Hrithik's 'Kaabil' on opening day Diljit Dosanjh: I wasn't affected by what Harshvardhan said ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext Nokia may develop a foldable smart phone, hints US patent By mid-day online correspondent | Posted 19-Jan-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Representational image Finnish telecom company, Nokia received a patent from U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for developing a smart phone that will be foldable in nature and will resemble a pocket mirror, reports stated. With the introduction of foldable smart phones, Nokia will be entering the race of foldable smart phones and compete with other giants like Apple and Samsung. Also read: Microsoft files patent for foldable smartphone According to reports, Apple has already received its patent for foldable iPhones and Samsung is expected to launch its first foldable smart phones in 2017. Nokia applied for the patent way back in 2013 and got it approved in September 2016. Nokia has decided to collaborate with HMD Global and roll out Android phones this year. This tie up between Nokia and HMD Global is hinting Nokia’s gradual success in the smart phone industry, something which the mobile giant lost with the introduction of Windows phone. Also read - Tech: Samsung to announce foldable smartphones in third quarter this year The launch of Nokia 6 in China will mark the comeback of the Finesse company in the global smart phone market. The company is expected to release one more smart phone in February, which will be unveiled in MCW 2017 in Barcelona. Tags: nokia nokia patent nokia foldable smartphones nokia 6 samsung apple nokia android phones US patent smartphones patents for foldable smartphones lifestyle gadgets technology tech news lifestyle news Previous StoryTech feature: 10 computer virus attacks that made newsNext Story Facebook inbox on desktop gets revamped with Messenger Related Stories Is Nokia planning to launch a Snapdragon 835 processor phone soon? Technology News | 24-Jan-2017 Nokia 6 crosses 1 million registrations ahead of its launch in China Technology News | 23-Jan-2017 Tech: Nokia P1 Android phone's price and features leaked Technology News | 20-Jan-2017 Tech: Nokia E1 Android smartphone specifications leaked Technology News | 09-Jan-2017 Nokia's digital assistance 'Viki' to fight Google Now and Siri Technology News | 09-Jan-2017 Tech: Nokia 6, the brand's first Android smartphone, launched with 4GB RAM, 64GB internal storage Technology News | 09-Jan-2017 PHOTO VIDEO In Pictures: 17 challenging roles played by Bollywood actors 'Raees', 'Rustom' and more: 22 films inspired by real life Photos: Shilpa Shetty Kundra, Jacqueline Fernandez rock the airport look Spotted: Dia Mirza, Neha Dhupia and Rhea Chakraborty in Bandra Photos: Jackie Chan, Raveena Tandon on 'The Kapil Sharma Show' Why did Vidya stop communicating with her parents while shooting for 'Bhool Bhulaiya'? Slappies 6: Will Rakhi beat Katrina in the worst actress category? Hrithik creates magic post the release of 'Kaabil' Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked in Jaipur! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding World's heaviest woman battles for life: What we know so far National News|27-Jan-2017 Bobby Deol reveals how Imtiaz Ali 'cheated him', fight with alcoholism Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Photos: Kareena Kapoor Khan, Sophie Choudry party with Manish Malhotra Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 These photos of Ranveer Singh's Pakistani 'twin' will blow your mind Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Spotted: Sarika and Atul Kulkarni at Juhu multiplex Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 'Love you bro': Arjun Rampal thanks Lalit Modi for saving his mother's life Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Harshvardhan Kapoor apologises to Diljit Dosanjh for his 'nasty' remark Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Mumbai: Central Railway awards alert drivers who averted rail disaster National News|26-Jan-2017 Yummy Mummy! Kareena Kapoor Khan slays in a sexy backless dress Bollywood News|26-Jan-2017 Subramanian Swamy threatens to drag Arnab Goswami to court National News|26-Jan-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Mumbai Crime: Mother and child found dead, kid's body stuffed inside bed National News|6 hours R Madhavan has lost weight and now he looks unrecognisable! Bollywood News|5 hours Mumbai: Mentally unsound man throws stones, destroys Christ cross National News|6 hours 'Sultan' vs 'Khiladi': This is why Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar are poles apart Bollywood News|30 minutes ago Bobby Deol reveals how Imtiaz Ali 'cheated him', fight with alcoholism Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Yummy Mummy! Kareena Kapoor Khan slays in a sexy backless dress Bollywood News|26-Jan-2017 Actress hospitalised after being attacked by stray dogs in Mumbai National News|26-Jan-2017 'Love you bro': Arjun Rampal thanks Lalit Modi for saving his mother's life Bollywood News|27-Jan-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 19 January 2017 | MYT 12:18 PM Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Pros and cons: Attracting such a household name to India would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. — Reuters NEW DELHI: Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors.  The country is still keen for the US tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Jan 18 that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations.  "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said.  But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India.  Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy.  "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition."  Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies.  "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India."  Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country.  Apple did not respond to a request for comment.  Letter spells out demands  Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India.  Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs.  Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors.  "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee.  It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules.  From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2% share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed.  In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export.  On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs.  "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world."  Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule.  In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver.  The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets.  Meeting next week  On Jan 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said.  In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter.  Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year.  But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites."  The Cupertino, California-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets.  Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone.  Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates.  It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous.  "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive – this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Investing , Government , Technology You May Be Interested STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Growing insurance consortium eyes industry-wide blockchain Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Wantan mee that‘s worth the wait Dishes that symbolise good luck and prosperity Germany's Schaeuble admits 'mistakes' in refugee policy advertisement Latest News Teaching older kids about money US companies scramble to cope with 7-country immigration ban Trump immigration curbs cause worldwide chaos, panic, anger Half of Brazil's population lack full property rights, govt says Shell set to sell US$3b North Sea assets to Chrysaor Most Viewed in Tech China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R 2017 Ford Focus RS: Australian Review Phone Reviews Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review Sony Xperia XZ: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Sony PlayStation 4 Pro: The Gizmodo Review Entertainment Reviews On Riverdale, The CW's Addictive Archie Soap, Friendship Is Magic Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Beyond Is The Perfect Sci-Fi Show To Have On While Cleaning Your Home Nvidia Shield (2017): The Gizmodo Review On Riverdale, The CW's Addictive Archie Soap, Friendship Is Magic The NES Classic Is So Much Better With A Wireless Controller MSI GT83VR Titan SLI: Australian Review Emerald City Is So Shallow That It Almost Appears Deep Gadgets LG's Upcoming Android Wear Smartwatch Will Cost $US249: Report Nerf's Colossal New Gun Blasts 100 Rounds At 112KM/H Stuff This Windbreaker With Leaves Or Newspapers And It Becomes A Warm Emergency Parka Watch Football Stars Get Bombed By Ball-Dropping Drones Mobile CSIRO: Most Mobile VPNs Aren't Secure Optus Switches On Wi-Fi Voice Calls Is US President Trump Still Using His Favourite Unsecured Mobile Phone? How To Take A Screenshot Of Anything (Even When It's Blocked) Car Tech From One Bugatti Owner To All Bentley Owners: Sorry You're Poor Ford's Mustang Gets A Bad Safety Rap From ANCAP, But The Next Will Be Better This Month In Dashcams: The 'We F**ked Up' Bumper Catch-Up Edition Here's How Tesla Wants To Move 'Enhanced Autopilot' To Fully Self-Driving Cars Online Uber's CEO Praises The 'Magic Of America' In Statement On US Immigration Ban Firefox 57 Could Break Add-Ons So Much, Some Devs Won't Bother Fixing Them Twitter Releases FBI's Potentially Unconstitutional Requests Dating App Creates Service For People Who Are Too Lazy To Make Dates Science & Health All-Corn Diet Turns Hamsters Into Cannibals Who Eat Their Young The Number Of People You Can Fit In The World's Biggest Buildings Is Staggering Fish Pee On Each Other To Show Who's Boss NASA Just Launched A Stunning Tribute To The Apollo 1 Disaster Cameras I'm Equally Excited For Two Very Different Cameras An Australian Company Says It Can Hijack Drones Wirelessly Leica's M10 Is Another Beautiful, High-End German Masterpiece Of A Camera You Can Now Do Harvard's Photography Course Online (For Free) Computing Deals: Become A Master Of Machine Learning 7 Lies You Shouldn't Tell The People Fixing Your Computer Former Mozilla Dev: Uninstall Your Antivirus, AV Companies 'Are Terrible' Adobe Director, Shockwave For Mac Get The Axe, Finally Burying The Corpse Of Macromedia Gaming The NES Classic Is So Much Better With A Wireless Controller The Avengers Are Getting A Big New Video Game Series From The Makers Of Tomb Raider Latest Mass Effect: Andromeda Trailer Gives Best Look Yet At New Aliens, Enemies Download PlayStation 4 Games Faster With One Small Tweak Entertainment James Cameron Has More Praise For Ridley Scott Than He Does For The Alien Franchise John Hurt's 8 Most Memorable Sci-Fi And Fantasy Movie Roles A Heartbreaking Short Film About A Monkey Who Dreams Of Space RIP To Veteran Actor John Hurt, Star Of Alien And So Many Other Films We Love Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment CSIRO: Most Mobile VPNs Aren't Secure This Month In Dashcams: The 'We F**ked Up' Bumper Catch-Up Edition Doomsday Clock Moves 30 Seconds Closer To Midnight, We're All Going To Die Science Has Created Actual Human/Pig Hybrids Microsoft Surface Book With Performance Base: Australian Review Campbell Simpson Jan 19, 2017, 2:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  2-in-1s Australian Stories laptop & tablet reviews laptops microsoft microsoft surface book microsoft surface book with performance base surface book surface book with performance base windows 10 Share Microsoft's Surface Book has always been a unique gadget — a great ultraportable laptop, with the extra appeal of a completely detachable tablet screen that contains all the smarts and processing to run proper Windows. The newest Performance Base variant of the Surface Book adds double the graphics power, without making any significant compromise on battery life — but it's also using tech that Microsoft's competitors have left behind. What Is It? Building The Surface Book: The Very Best Of Microsoft The Surface Book is Microsoft's own laptop, a convertible 2-in-1 that can run double duty as a everyday laptop and then transform into a touchscreen tablet device for watching movies or editing photos or drawing using Microsoft's digitiser-friendly Surface Pen. It's first and foremost a laptop, but all of the non-graphics processing is done in the top half, which unclips entirely from the base and contains its own battery. The base contains the lion's share of battery power, but also has a standalone graphics card that vastly improves the laptop's 3D performance. The Performance Base variant of the existing Surface Book, itself now over a year old, swaps the existing low-end Nvidia GeForce GPU for a more powerful GeForce GTX 965M. $3799 is the starting price you'll pay for a Performance Base variant of the Surface Book. That's a $1000 premium on top of the cheapest Surface Book, and gets you that discrete Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M graphics card along with up to 16 hours of battery life during video playback. Every Performance Base variant of the Surface Book packs Intel's 6th-gen Core i7-6600U dual-core processor zipping along at up to 3.4GHz, and either 8GB of RAM on the 256GB storage model ($4399) or 16GB of RAM on the 512GB storage model ($5199). What's It Good At? Time has been good to the Surface Book. The design of a now-year-old laptop still doesn't look or feel outdated, and that's a testament to the amount of time and effort that Microsoft put into building it in the first place. The Performance Base variant is very slightly thicker than the initial iteration, although you wouldn't even realise it unless you had the two side by side to compare directly. The same open-sided design and articulated hinge design remains, of course — and while the Surface Book definitely looks a bit weird side-on, it's a good kind of weird. The Performance Base actually has the very positive side effect of making the Surface Book more bottom-heavy, meaning it's easier to open with a single hand and easier to balance on your lap when you're not typing at a desk. The new Performance Base's keyboard tray is very slightly recessed compared to the older version, and still remains very enjoyable to type on for a laptop with no keyboard flex during heavy and fast typing even in the centre of the board. That excellent and large trackpad remains and while it's not up to comparison with Apple's Force Touch models, it's one of the best you'll find for navigating around Windows 10 and using the various swiping gestures that are a part of it. And with the Performance Base, you get a laptop that has finally had all the kinks worked out of it. My first few months with Microsoft's debut Surface Book — which is actually getting to be really affordable now, starting at $2299 — were a little bit rocky. The mediocre magnetic charging connector that doesn't always clip in correctly at the first try remains, but the laptop itself has changed dramatically from the Windows software updates and the Surface firmware updates that have been applied since launch. The process of undocking and re-docking the tablet segment and Performance Base, for example, works perfectly consistently on the new model where on the original it had a slight percentage chance of either not detaching or of unexpectedly restarting the machine. It's hard to talk about the Surface Book — in any of its variants, but doubly true of the Performance Base — without talking about its beautiful 13.5-inch 3000x2000 pixel, novel 3:2 ratio touchscreen display. It's nice. It's so nice. It's crisp and sharp and has amazing contrast, and excellent brightness that ranges from "low enough to type away on a dark overnight plane trip" to "bright enough to type away in a park in the middle of the day". The Performance Base means you can push the Surface Book to make use of that beautiful PixelSense display in more modern games and with higher-resolution files in processing-intensive applications, because you have more powerful graphics to run them with. Every Performance Base model uses the best of Intel's sixth-generation Core i7 mobile processor family, too. What's It Not Good At? The Performance Base version of the Surface Book is, at the end of the day, a moderate upgrade in graphical processing power over the original Surface Book. That model, released in late 2015, used a semi-custom graphics chip designed by Nvidia, which turned out to be based upon the GeForce 940M. The Performance Base hides a GeForce GTX 965M. It'll give a huge help to graphics-accelerated desktop applications like Photoshop, but with more demanding modern games like Titanfall 2 and Battlefield 1, it struggles at any resolution approaching the Surface Book's native 3000x2000px. The biggest issue facing the Surface Book's Performance Base variant is that, in 2017, it's going up against competitors using Intel's newer and more efficient 7th generation Kaby Lake mobile processors, and competitors using Nvidia's newer and more efficient 10-Series GeForce mobile graphics chips, and more importantly competitors using both at the same time. The unique 2-in-1 detachable tablet proposition of the Surface Book — you can take the screen off and carry it with you to halve the weight and bulk of the system — remains unassailable, but for outright performance and price and therefore value for money the Performance Base finds itself in rough water. Similarly, this was the mid-life update that I was hoping would see some I/O upgrades, most notably to the USB Type-C connector that Microsoft's odd-couple competitor Apple switched entirely to in the equally new MacBook Pro. A complete switch to Type-C would have been kinda annoying — that's why everyone's complaining about it on the MacBook! — but it would have been nice to see at least one native Type-C port with fast USB 3.1 transfer speeds on the new Performance Base, even if it had to take the place of both the miniDisplayPort connector and one of the existing full-size USB 3.0 ports. Native Type-C peripherals are starting to become widely available and this would have future-proofed Microsoft's flagship Windows device. And, of course, the Surface Book remains an expensive proposition. In a world of sub-$2000 competitors with discrete graphics cards, the $3799 starting price of the 8GB/256GB variant of the performance Surface Book is a big ask; step up to the 512GB or 1TB storage models with the 16GB of RAM I'd almost suggest as a default these days for anyone working on any kind of performance application, and you're paying $4399 or $5199. That's not stupid money, but it's a lot, and it's a lot taking into account the fact that the Surface Book is using older tech than some of its competitors. Should You Buy It? Just like the original, identical Surface Book on which it is based, the $3799-plus Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base is a beautiful and unique piece of technology. It's unique in that it's equally well usable as a tablet and a laptop, thanks to Microsoft's end-to-end integration of the hardware with a (finally) mature version of Windows 10. This has taken just about a year for Microsoft to get right — the original Surface Book was plagued for some people with a series of bugs, most notably the laptop turning itself on whenever it was unplugged from a charger, despite being closed and shoved away in a bag — but the result is a refined hardware and software combo that works. (The best part of which still remains Windows Hello face-unlocking.) There's no way to upgrade the hardware of an original Surface Book to get the advantages of the Performance Base, either. Here I am wishing you could buy the Performance Base as a standalone upgrade for the original Surface Book at a smaller outlay. That would address some of the complaints I've heard from early Surface Book adopters who are beginning to run into the performance barriers of the older first-generation discrete Nvidia GPU. It's not the biggest problem in the world — Surface Book owners are a small niche already, those with older discrete GPU bases more so, those wanting to upgrade even less so again — but even then, it would have been nice. The Surface Book lives on its looks and design, and dies on its specifications. The upgrade in outright graphics grunt is significant — the 965M is powerful enough to get the GTX moniker that Nvidia denotes its gaming-ready chips with — but the entire Surface Book refresh comes at a difficult time in the mid-life upgrade cycle. There's an entire generation of newer and more powerful and more energy efficient hardware, and if you're buying a Surface Book you're investing in technology that (while still good) is outclassed by its competitors. It's definitely no slouch, but part of me wishes that Microsoft had held off to slot in 10-Series Nvidia graphics and 7th Gen Intel gear. Of course, I feel the same way about the Surface Studio, and I'd still buy one right now if I could. Specifications (slightly) aside, the Surface Book with Performance Base will appeal very much to those that want to use it for a purpose that makes use of its combo of excellent general laptop performance and the extra utility of the detachable tablet portion and 2-in-1 switchable display setup. I find myself using the touchscreen and the tablet much less than the keyboard — I'm a writer, after all — but it does have its applications, like photo editing. And Lightroom is an absolute joy to use because of it. If you're a creative professional — if you want a professional laptop, or if you want to be creative — then the Surface Book makes that happen. Comments sherbert86 @sherbert86 Jan 19, 2017, 3:50pm Pricing needs Australianising - try $3799 :*( Reply 0 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Jan 19, 2017, 4:32pm Already fixed, ta! Reply 0 orangesherbert Guest Jan 20, 2017, 8:25am That's what you get with copy pasta articles Reply -1 Campbell Simpson @campbellsimpson AUTHOR Jan 20, 2017, 9:47am Hullo, pal! Would love to know what you think is copypasted in this review :) Reply 0 ionchef @ionchef Jan 20, 2017, 12:17pm The price !! Reply 1 MotorMouth @motormouth Jan 19, 2017, 3:53pm I have said before that my Surface Book is the worst PC experience of my life and, whilst that is absolutely true, it is also true that over time most of the problems were sorted out. When I finally decided to get rid of it, the only remaining issue was that it wouldn't work with my Novation Ultranova, a USB music peripheral that I use on stage with my band. If I had managed ot get them working together, I would definitely still have the Surface Book. What amazed me was, when I cleaned it up and took some photos of it for eBay, I realised that after one full year of normal use it did not show the slightest hint of use. I couldn't find the tiniest scratch or mark anywhere on the outside and, after a simple wipe down with a damp cloth, the keyboard looked like it had never been used. Within a week of using the Dell XPS 13 I replaced it with, the Dell was showing way more signs of use (and it is a helluva lot harder to clean). That tells me that the care Microsoft have taken with their Vapour Mg coating makes for a really tough, super-premium device. I had a similar realisation with the display. People like to complain about touchscreens but I realised last week that the display on my XPS13 is much dirtier than I would ever have allowed my Surface Book's to get, simply because the touchscreen was made to be easy to clean, where the matte screen on the XPS needs a damp cloth or a cleaning spray to remove crap and you have to be much more careful or you end up with streaks on it. It has made me realise that touchscreens are actually better when it comes to not having marks on your screen, something which is sompletely counter-intuitive but also true. Last edited January 19, 2017 4:04 pm Reply 1 DevMac Guest Jan 19, 2017, 4:27pm So, would you say it's worth the (extremely) premium price over similar spec laptops? Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Jan 19, 2017, 5:11pm That will depend on your needs. If you need the graphics grunt, it's not much of a premium over other laptops with 2Gb cards but the Iris Pro graphics in my XPS 13 runs Adobe CC and 3DS Max perfectly well. One thing I can tell you is that if you put an XPS 13 and a Surface Book in front of me and asked me to choose one, it would be a really hard choice. Reply 0 nizmo_man @nizmo_man Jan 20, 2017, 12:06pm Were you issues related to the laptop/hardware or Windows 10/drivers? Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 19, 2017, 11:06pm I have a Surface Pro 3. I would not buy one again. I don't use it often and use to like it a lot, but when I look back I realize it's actually been problematic more often than not. Last edited January 19, 2017 11:10 pm Reply 0 orangesherbert Guest Jan 20, 2017, 8:30am Good thing they don't sell Surface Pro 3's anymore then- isn't it. I own a Surface Book - literally the best electronics purchase I have made in the last 5 years. I am blown away by every aspect of it (failing me having enough money to buy a higher speced version) I have had zero problems with it for 8 months of its life Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 1:00pm Good thing they don't sell Surface Pro 3's anymore then- isn't it. :O Reply 0 barry @barry Jan 20, 2017, 8:38am That's strange because myself and others have never had a problem with SP3. Everything worked, use mine all the time and I've found it a joy to use. I don't game with it and it's always been work only. Thinking back I think the only issue I ever had was with the battery when they released the firmware but that was fixed later but it was a pain when the battery drained faster than before. What things have you had issues with? Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 1:39pm A few things, sadly - I'll note what I can think of below. Maybe it's because I use it so infrequently, as when I did use it a little more often it seemed better. I'm planning on using it a lot this year as I go back to UNI, so hopefully it stars behaving better again. :P I upgraded it to Win 10 at one point and was getting weird issues - things freezing, closing, etc. To revert to Win 8, you have to download a specific ISO from MS that matches your items serial, I already had Win 8 ISO's so it was that made it inconvenient. But, it actually turned into a real pain because I had limited internet access at the time, and the MS server was a slow piece of shit; the first 3-4 times I attempted the download it would drop the connection several hours in (and would not resume). There were no alt servers I could find at the time and in the end it took around 14-15h to get the full download (which I think was 3.5gb total) - also note, this was on a 35Mbit connection, which could download that in about 20mins. Then installation of the special Win 8 ISO was a PITA too. My standard ISO's would install and work fine, but couldn't be activated for a reason I don't recall. Anyway after a bunch of dicking around I got it all working again. With both version of Windows I would get issues sliding the lock screen up, either by touch or by keypress. I was not impressed by the battery life and standby life either. Specially if you use the wrong apps! i.e. Chrome was a no-no, as it would eat a full battery in about 1.5 hours (I don't know if it's still bad), even if it wasn't being used directly, and only the background service was running. Frequently it gets stuck in 'off'' mode too, and I end up spending 15mins trying to get the stupid thing to turn on. The hard reset controls don't always respond for some reason. The keyboard often doesn't activate properly so the track pad and/or keys don't function - so I have to pull it off and reconnect a bunch of times till it works correctly. The pen sensitivity is temperamental as to which days it will function on. Some days it will only start at like 35% pressure and others it will apply like 5% pressure when it's hovering. Strangely this actually seemed to have remedied itself. Lack of USB ports is a PITA too. A Bluetooth mouse (which I don't have), and USB splitter can ease this issue, but still kinda shit. Power brick is a little bit awkward - the connection is nice enough though. Reply 0 barry @barry Jan 20, 2017, 1:58pm I must admit that I've had very small issues with the keyboard turning the screen on or waking it up. Seems the keyboard doesn't turn on unless I press a key like the spacebar to wake up the keyboard. I hope that makes sense. With upgrading to Win10, I never had a problem with that and since it's been installed I've had no major issues at all, I did have issues with Win8 when it was installed but again they were minor or where fixed with updates. The battery life, I've never had any issues and whenever someone says it has 8 hours of life, I would work to 6 hour limit because it depends on what you are using, (chrome). The USB, I put that down to being battery life and it's meant to be very portable. Have too many devices plugged in might drain the battery faster than one would like so I personally don't mind the single USB port Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 2:29pm yeah I dunno what the go was with Win10. I use it on my Desktop PC with little issue - to do get common freeze on cold boot (probably due to hardware), but a reset and it boots ok. Generally very stable after that. Yep, I understand what you mean with the keyboard; I've heard many people say the same - but for me it just doesn't do it for some reason - like it might not work at all, or it 'half' wakes so the touch pad might work, but keys don't, or vice versa. If I'm careful with apps, battery life is ok. But Chrome would literally deplete a 100% battery to forced shutdown within 90 minutes, even while closed because of the services in the background; might be better these days, I haven't really tried it as I uninstalled it to avoid the issue :P At least if they had two USB ports it would be ok. I don't use a Bluetooth mouse which makes one port annoying. :| two would make it ok. I just use a splitter atm because I can't justify buying a Bluetooth Mouse (I'm poor). Reply 0 data-cain @data-cain Jan 20, 2017, 2:34pm oh and the other thing about the battery. Standby drains the battery pretty quick. My old iPad can sit in 'sleep' mode for like 2 months and still have 50% left (and it's getting pretty old now), but my Surface which is much newer... 1 week and it might have charge left if I'm lucky, and it was like that from the start. Just annoying that it has to always be plugged in, or it'll be dead when you want it. Last edited January 20, 2017 2:35 pm Reply 0 dudeface @dudeface Jan 20, 2017, 2:25am I've been eyeing the Surface Book for a while for my more portable needs (already got a great desktop but a laptop pushing a decade old). How would it compare to similar specced 2in1s or an Ultrabook & Wacom tablet for illustration and 3D work? Lugging around a laptop and Cintiq seems like a pain with it needing its own power supply. A Laptop and regular Intuos tablet is serviceable. However, the Surface Book does look like it bundles together a decent amount of what a creative might need. It's not the cheapest thing out there but the review mentions that it would work well for creatives. Any thoughts or comments would be appreciated. Reply 0 MotorMouth @motormouth Jan 20, 2017, 10:39am If it was me, I think I'd probably prefer a Surface Pro. It is cheaper and more portable but it is definitely powerful enough for illustration. If you were using something like Mari or Z_Brush, you might need more graphics grunt but for 2d/vector illustration, a Surface Pro will be great. Reply 0 dudeface @dudeface Jan 20, 2017, 3:32pm Big cheers for the input. I'll definitely take a closer look at the Surface Pro. Time to reconsider how much 3D (Solid Works/Maya) I'll actually be doing away from the main desktop. Reply 0 kipple @kipple Jan 20, 2017, 10:20pm I bought a Surface Book for illustration but returned it because the pen is not responsive enough. If you are used to Wacom devices, you'll probably find the initial activation force of the Surface pen is too high. I will stick with my Cintiq Companion 2 until the Surface pen tech improves. Wacom has almost finished its dual protocol pen, which will work with the Surface as well as many other tablet PCs. Whether it improves the experience of drawing on the Surface remains to be seen. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log in Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now 7 Lies You Shouldn't Tell The People Fixing Your Computer Alex Cranz 29 Jan 2017 5:00 AM Long I wrote for Giz, when I was but a teeny uni student with a dream, I did tech support. And I saw things. I wasn't the only one. The people who work tech have heard every excuse and seen every horror your mind can conjure. CSIRO: Most Mobile VPNs Aren't Secure Campbell Simpson 27 Jan 2017 12:30 PM If you're using a VPN app to secure your smartphone -- maybe to download torrents, maybe to make your online banking a little more safe -- then chances are, it's not doing what it pretends to. A paper co-authored by CSIRO's data science arm examined nearly 300 Android VPN apps and found that almost all of them leak some kind of user traffic data. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Become A Master Of Machine Learning Deals: Learn How To Make A Hit iOS App With This Training Bundle Deals: Learn How To Make VR Games In Unity 3D Deals: Learn How To Blind Everyone With Data Science Trending Articles 1 7 Lies You Shouldn't Tell The People Fixing Your Computer 2 CSIRO: Most Mobile VPNs Aren't Secure 3 John Hurt's 8 Most Memorable Sci-Fi And Fantasy Movie Roles 4 Nerf's Colossal New Gun Blasts 100 Rounds At 112KM/H 5 Uber's CEO Praises The 'Magic Of America' In Statement On US Immigration Ban Uber's CEO Praises The 'Magic Of America' In Statement On US Immigration Ban James Cameron Has More Praise For Ridley Scott Than He Does For The Alien Franchise Firefox 57 Could Break Add-Ons So Much, Some Devs Won't Bother Fixing Them LG's Upcoming Android Wear Smartwatch Will Cost $US249: Report Resident Evil And Ace Attorney Themed Booze From Japan Four Must-Watch Anime Of Summer 2017 Pokemon Fan Has Genius Way Of Avoiding YouTube's Copyright Bullshit A Playlist Of Songs That Overwatch's Reaper Would Die For Federer Vs Nadal: Watch The Australian Open Live Stream Here! Bake Pasta In A Bundt Pan For The Most Crispy, Delicious Edges Popular Firefox Add-On Developer Calls It Quits As Mozilla Moves To New API Dealhacker: JB Hi-Fi Offering A 10% Discount On Apple Macs The Green Party's senior politicians are divided over whether to back Brexit The EU's top negotiator explains how he thinks Article 50 is going to work Bitcoin is 'a great hedge against the system' and could be the new gold Britain could strike a 'Ukraine Plus' style Brexit deal © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
India to consider Apples proposal of mfg units with open mind By Apple has sought incentives to set up unit in the country. A team of the company will give a presentation on jan 25 to senior officials here. - Australia firm signs 20-year pact to supply US LNG to India Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts Budget 2017 Presented By: DAYS hours minutes Presented by : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Co-Presenting Sponsor : Associate Sponsors : Budget News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Best of Budget » Letter to Finance Minister » Expectations » Market Outlook » Flashback » Real Estate » SME Corner » Insurance Corner » Mutual Fund Corner » Budget Poll » Budget Bets » Tease Your Mind » Classroom » Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Business Jan 19, 2017, 02.36 PM | Source: PTI India to consider Apple's proposal of mfg units with open mind Apple has sought incentives to set up unit in the country. A team of the company will give a presentation on jan 25 to senior officials here. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 India to consider Apples proposal of mfg units with open mind Apple has sought incentives to set up unit in the country. A team of the company will give a presentation on jan 25 to senior officials here. Post Your Comments Share Cancel | 1 Comments India would "very much" like the US based iPhone maker Apple to set up manufacturing base in India and the government will "surely" consider the company's proposal with "open mind". "We would very much like Apple to come and have a base in India, they have a base in China, China is under stress. If a structured request come from them, we will surely consider with a open mind," Ravi Shankar Prasad Minister for Communications & Information Technology told reporters here. Apple has sought incentives to set up unit in the country. A team of the company will give a presentation on jan 25 to senior officials here. Tags  India Apple iPhone manufacturing Ravi Shankar Prasad Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 India to consider Apples proposal of mfg units with open mind Wire News Platinum Member 695 Followers News Now India would "very much" like the US based iPhone maker Apple to set up manufacturing base in India and the government will "surely" consider the compa... http://t.in.com/85Ha Reply  |  Rate  |  Click if offensive  |  Share  |  Repost See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News HDFC Bank brings in humanoid to assist customers in branch Hold Crompton Greaves Consumer; target of Rs 165: Religare Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension Action-packed week ahead: Budget 2017, earnings, auto sales to set tone for market India Post gets payments bank licence to start services Zuckerberg condemns Trump's anti-immigrant executive orders Govt's focus on infra to cut down logistics cost: Nitin Gadkari Demonetisation put RBI's reputation at risk: P Chidambaram Justdial Q3 net profit rises 5.90% to Rs 27.44 cr See all Video of the day Surprised by market upmove post cash ban; buy stocks: Kotak MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad iPhone 8 will recognize its owner's face: Handset will have special laser sensors Sources say it will have 'some form of facial/gesture recognition' Sensors could be placed near front-facing camera to detect faces  Will also be a 5.8in model with a 'wraparound' OLED screen  Model will have Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the glass By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 19:06 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 04:02 EST, 19 January 2017 e-mail 111 shares 99 View comments Apple's iPhone 8 may still be months away, but the rumors about the highly anticipated smartphone are flooding the internet. The latest rumor was leaked by Cowen and Company that suggests this year's tenth anniversary handset will have 'some form of facial/gesture recognition'. Sources also speculated that there will be a new 5.8 inch model, complete with a 'wraparound' OLED screen with a Touch ID fingerprint sensor underneath the glass.  The latest rumor was leaked by Cowen and Company that suggests this year's iOS handset will have 'some form of facial/gesture recognition'.  A new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera IPHONE 8 RUMORS  Several rumors have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have:  - Dual-lens 3D camera  - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen  - Wireless charging  - A folding element - New 5 inch (12.7 centimeter) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimeter) model, which will have a wraparound, OLED screen - 5.8 inch will  be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area.'  - A new 'pure white' model  - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle - Facial recognition   Written by Timothy Arcuri, a Cowen and Company analyst, the note was firest reported by Kif Leswing withBusiness Insider. 'Other features appear to include some form of facial/gesture recognition supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera and, as expected, should also finally include wireless charging,' Arcuri wrote.  Although this is the first news about a new type of depth sensor, the firm had previously purchased an infrared sensor company, Primesense, back in 2013 that may be the creator of the technology. And, according to Business Insider, if Apple is to add the augmented reality features that are also rumored in the iPhone, it will need to develop a new kind of sensor. In addition to predicting new technology, Arcuri suggests that the iPhone 8 will result in record number of shipments. This may be due to the disappointment that many iOS users had with last year's iPhone7 - as it seems to be just a refreshed iPhone 6.  And these loyal customers are expecting Apple to make up for their blunder with cutting-edge features. Arcuri said he believes the next iPhone, which he is calling the 'iPhone 10' or 'iPhone X,' will be 'yuge' and could spark a 'supercycle' of upgraders. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Stunning new images of SpaceX's 'make or break' launch... We really DON'T know what others are planning to do, study... How Earth's last ice age evolved: Stunning images reveal how... Google to begin selling $200 'Android One' budget... Share this article Share 111 shares He also predicted there will be three models for the next flagship iPhone – the traditional 4.7- and 5.5-inch models, but with a new 5.8-inch handset. The 5.8-inch iPhone, Arcuri suggests, will have a 'wraparound' OLED screen that will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area.' Another rumor to hit the web gives insight to what Apple's phone may look like. Coming from an 'upstream supply chain', the speculation suggests that the Cupertino company is ditching the aluminium back cover. Rumors also say there will be  three iPhone 8 models – the 4.7in, 5.5in and a  5.8-inch handset. The 5.8-inch iPhone, Arcuri suggests, will have a 'wraparound' OLED screen that will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area' Instead, it will be designed with a stainless steel forging process that brings together two reinforced glass panels supported by a metal frame. It was first reported by Chinese newspaper DigiTimes, which revealed the new components would be ordered from Foxconn electronics US-based Jabil – firms who worked with Apple in creating the iPhone 4, reports 9To5Mac. 'The metal bezel will be made of stainless steel using a forging process to enhance its sturdiness and reduce costs and manufacturing time,' reports DigiTimes. Other than giving the iPhone 8 a sleeker design, this move will ensure the glass panels in the front and back hold together. And it should decrease costs by 30 percent to 50 percent.  Read more: Apple iPhone 8 rumors: Features may include facial recognition, laser sensor - Business Insider Login to DIGITIMES archive & research New report supports glass design for iPhone 8, with iPhone 4-style stainless steel frame | 9to5Mac Share or comment on this article e-mail 111 shares Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Pictured: Former KGB general who helped MI6 spy compile... Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who... Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from... Her final passing shot! Awkward moment Serena Williams... White housewife who claimed Emmett Till, 14, 'sexually... Heroic 9/11 firefighter who worked tirelessly at Ground... Pictured: William and Kate get £20,000 yew hedge to give... From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The... Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 99 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read How a 'paperclip' in the leg can reduce high blood pressure: Implant could offer an alternative to drugs  Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests  6.8k comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Industry Nintendo says to launch Super Mario Run Android version in March Nintendo says to launch Super Mario Run Android version in March Japan's Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc's iPhone in December. By: Reuters | Tokyo | Published: January 19, 2017 9:16 AM   The Japanese company announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed. (Reuters) Japan’s Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc’s iPhone in December. The Japanese company announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed. Super Mario Run represents a belated bid by Nintendo to tap mobile gaming after restricting its most popular gaming character to its own game consoles. After launching the game on Dec. 15, downloads topped a record 40 million in just four days. By releasing an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of potential gamers. More than four out of five smartphones shipped in 2016 use the Android operating system, according to market research company IDC. You May Also Want To Watch: Analysts, however, note that so far less than one in 10 people who have downloaded Super Mario Run for free have agreed to pay $9.99 to unlock all the features of the game. Nintendo’s shares were trading 1.1 percent lower during morning trading in Tokyo, compared with a 1 percent gain in the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Why FM Jaitley must introduce these 5 tax changes for individuals Budget 2017: Tax incentives, infra status can make the difference for healthcare sector, says Nabin Ballodia of KPMG India What 'double-taxed' Indians working abroad want from FM Jaitley Infrastructure sector may be in for a treat from FM Arun Jaitley Budget 2017 should provide some incentives to the education sector, says Nabin Ballodia of KPMG India Trending Now Kal Penn starts fundraiser for Syrian refugees Punjab Election 2017 Live Updates: Narendra Modi to address rally in Ludhiana today Donald Trump's travel ban 'extremely troubling': Academy Donald Trump travel ban 'great gift to extremists': Iran FM Mohammad Javad Zarif India U-19 cricket team trainer Rajesh Sawant found dead in hotel room After Arun Jaitley vs Amarinder Singh in 2014, Amritsar sees low-profile LS bypoll 'Vampire' star caught in the act by Indian space observatory ASTROSAT India vs England 2nd T20: Live Streaming and Where to watch in India Australian Open Mixed Doubles Final: Sania Mirza and Ivan Dodig lose in the final Rajghat gets a facelift: Bapu quotes can be read on entrances When is Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal 2017 Australian Open men's final and where to watch online live streaming live coverage on TV  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News Budget 2017: मोदी सरकार ला सकती है गरीबों और बेरोजगारों को हर महीने 1500 रुपए देने की योजना बजट 2017: मिडिल क्लास के लिए वित्त मंत्री अरुण जेटली कर सकते हैं ये 5 बड़े ऐलान सीतारमण ने दिया संकेत, बजट में स्टार्टअप इकाइयों को मिल सकते हैं टैक्स लाभ मुद्रास्फीति में बढ़ोतरी पर उद्योग जगत ने कहा, वृद्धि को बढ़ावा देने वाले सुधारों पर हो जोर Assembly Elections 2017 News बाहुबली मुख्‍तार अंसारी परिवार समेत बसपा में शामिल, तीन सदस्‍यों को हाथोंहाथ मिला विधानसभा टिकट पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी के साथ अपर्णा यादव की सेल्‍फी पर लगे थे कयास, अब पूछा- इसमें गलत क्‍या है? कटियार बोले- राम मंदिर का मुद्दा हमेशा जीवित रहेगा, इस पर कोई समझौता नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Forex Morning News Call - India, January 19 Morning News Call - India, January 19 Source : Last Updated: Thu, Jan 19, 2017 09:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print To access the newsletter, click on the link:
 
 http://share.thomsonreuters.com/assets/newsletters/Indiamorning/MNC_IN_01192017.pdf
    
    
If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/india-morning/
    
    
    FACTORS TO WATCH
    5:15 pm: Axis Bank hosts conference call after fiscal third quarter results
in Mumbai.
    
    6:30 pm: Nandan Nilekani and Federal Bank CEO Shyam Srinivasan to launch
digital initiative in Mumbai.
    
    LIVECHAT-GEOPOLITICAL RECESSION
    Ian Bremmer, President of Eurasia Group joins us at 03:45 pm to discuss the
"Geopolitical Recession" and what he sees as the top risks for 2017. To join the
conversation, click on the link: https://forms.thomsonreuters.com/communities/
    
    
    INDIA TOP NEWS
     Government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting
    Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before
it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a
key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign
investors. 
     Central bank has pumped in 9.2 trillion rupees of new notes - source
    The Reserve Bank of India has injected 9.2 trillion rupees worth of new
currency notes into the banking system to help replace the notes banned in
November, a parliamentary panel member quoted central bank governor Urjit Patel
as saying on Wednesday. 
     India's cash crunch seen biting into economic growth
    India's economy lost momentum in the final three months of 2016 after Prime
Minister Narendra Modi's ban on high-value notes hurt consumption and businesses
but it is set to pick up this quarter, a Reuters poll found. 
     General Motors adapts $1 billion recipe for 'tough' Indian market -
sources
    After an 18-month review, General Motors Co  is nearer to resolving a raft
of issues that have hobbled its $1 billion strategy for India, one of the
fastest growing emerging markets for automobiles. 
     UK financier makes new offer to take over Tata Steel pension scheme
    British financier Edi Truell has renewed an offer to take over Tata Steel's
giant UK pension scheme in a deal that he says would allow members to keep
benefits in full, though pension fund trustees rejected his proposals.
 
     PE firm Warburg buys $121 mln stake in Indian cinema operator PVR
Affiliates of private equity firm Warburg Pincus have bought a 14 percent stake
in India's largest multiplex chain PVR Ltd for 8.2 billion rupees, PVR said on
Wednesday. 
        
    
    GLOBAL TOP NEWS
     Fed's Yellen says 'makes sense' to gradually raise interest rates
    With the U.S. economy close to full employment and inflation headed toward
the Federal Reserve's 2 percent goal, it "makes sense" for the U.S. central bank
to gradually lift interest rates, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said on Wednesday.
 
     South Korean court dismisses arrest warrant for Samsung chief
    A South Korean court dismissed a warrant to arrest the head of the Samsung
Group, the country's largest conglomerate, amid a graft scandal that has led to
the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye. 
     Xi portrays China as global leader as Trump era looms
    China will build a "new model" of relations with the United States,
President Xi Jinping said on Wednesday in a speech that portrayed China as the
leader of a globalised world where only international cooperation could solve
the big problems. 
        
    
    LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK
    (As reported by NewsRise)
     The SGX Nifty Futures was at 8,434.00, little changed from its previous
close.
     The Indian rupee will likely open lower against the dollar, tracking its
Asian peers, as the greenback advanced after U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Janet
Yellen suggested interest rate increases may come sooner than expected.
     Indian government bonds are poised to open lower after Federal Reserve
Chair Janet Yellen hinted at a faster pace of interest rate increases in the
United States. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is
likely to trade in a 6.44 pct-6.49 pct band today. The bond had closed at 103.66
rupees, the lowest since Dec. 30, yielding 6.45 pct yesterday.
    
    
    GLOBAL MARKETS
     The S&P 500 ended a choppy session slightly higher on Wednesday, helped by
a rise in financials after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said it "makes
sense" to gradually lift interest rates. 
     Asian shares edged lower and the dollar rebounded after Federal Reserve
Chair Janet Yellen hinted that interest rates in the United States could rise
quickly this year. 
     U.S. Treasury yields rose to session highs on Wednesday after Federal
Reserve Chair Janet Yellen made comments supporting further, gradual interest
rate increases. 
     U.S. oil moved away from one-week lows touched the session before, with
investors turning their attention to upcoming government data on U.S.
inventories. 
     Gold prices held on to their losses from the previous session, when they
fell 1 percent on a strong dollar, after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen
advocated lifting U.S. interest rates gradually. 
    
    
                   CLOSE        FII INVESTMENTS  EQUITIES    DEBT
 PNDF spot         68.19/68.22  January 18       $46.75 mln  -$26.59 mln
 10-yr bond yield  6.7 pct      Month-to-date    -           -$222.18 mln
                                Year-to-date     -           -
    
    
    For additional data:
    India govt bond market volumes       
    Stock market reports                 
    Non-deliverable forwards data        
    Corporate debt stories               [IN CORPD]
    Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT]
    Monthly inflows                      [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN]
 
    
    ($1= 68.08 Indian rupees)
    
    

 (Compiled by Sourav Bose in Bengaluru) 



 

 SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28120.00 (-0.46%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28830.00 (0.8%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28440.00 (-0.59%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27600.00 (-0.36%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27750.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28250.00 (-0.07%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 41835.00 (-0.7%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News How Tamil Nadu's Jallikattu protests ended on a sour note Will Muslims bite the bait in UP? Will the Congress make a comeback in Punjab? Were the Jallikattu protests really about Tamil pride? Jallikattu protests: Tamil Nadu comes to a standstill The symptoms and remedies for a true Indian patriot Why Muslims in Uttar Pradesh won't be fooled by Owaisi Remonetise India - A citizen's pledge has been kicked Off by Times Network More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 29, 3:54 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Nintendo Says 'Super Mario Run' For Android Will Launch In March 2017 By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 01/18/17 AT 10:31 PM Close Nintendo’s “Super Mario Run” has been available for Apple’s iOS devices for over a month now and Android device users are still waiting for its release. Earlier today, Nintendo officially announced that its mobile game might not arrive for Android until March 2017. “The Android version of ‘Super Mario Run’ will be delivered in March 2017,” Nintendo said on Twitter (translated from Japanese). The company also reminded fans that they can sign up on the Google Play Store to pre-register for the game in order to receive a notification once it is available. Related Stories 'Super Mario Run' Launches Loads Of Coins Event Apple Breaks Record On New Year's Day, Reveals Top Downloaded Apps Of 2016 “Super Mario Run” was first unveiled back in September 2016 during Apple’s iPhone 7 event. It launched for iOS devices on Dec. 15 for free, but players would have to pay $9.99 in order to unlock the full game. The free version of the game only allows users to play through three levels. Just four days after its launch, “Super Mario Run” garnered 40 million downloads from the Apple App Store. The game has since become the fastest-selling iOS game in the history of the Apple App Store, according to CNET. Although “Super Mario Run” for Android won’t be out until March, at least Android users have something else to look forward to until then. Nintendo also confirmed today that its next mobile game, “Fire Emblem: Heroes,” will be heading to both iOS and Android devices on Feb. 2. The initial announcement listed the iOS version game as arriving “soon,” but Nintendo has clarified that it will launch simultaneously with the Android version. “Fire Emblem: Heroes” is a strategy RPG game where players take the role of a summoner from the kingdom of Askr who will need to gather allies to fight with. “Players will wage tactical battles streamlined for on-the-go play and level up a mix of new combatants and legendary heroes. Some familiar hero characters will become allies, while others will become enemy generals,” Nintendo said on its website. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Tech Companies Protest Against Immigration Ban Leaders of many tech companies, including Tim Cook and Elon Musk, have taken a position against President Donald Trump's policy to restrict immigration to the U.S. World NASA Reveals New Test For Alien Life NASA's new technique separates living organisms from non-living sources through identifying amino acids. National Celebrities Speak Out Against Immigration Ban Many popular celebrities and ordinary citizens are protesting the executive order by President Donald Trump, both in real life and on social media. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 19 January 2017 | MYT 9:00 AM Upcoming 2017 MacBook Pros could get latest-gen Intel Core Kaby Lake processors Major upgrades: Apple's most recent generation of MacBook Pro laptops launched in November 2016. — Apple Apple is expected to upgrade its 13in and 15in MacBook Pro laptops, released last fall, by the end of 2017.  Rumours already point to the arrival of Intel's latest-generation microprocessors (Kaby Lake), freshly unveiled at the CES technology show in Las Vegas (USA), accompanied by a boost in RAM.  According to a research note from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, reported by a host of tech news sites, Apple has finally decided to use Intel's latest processors in its MacBook Pro computers.  When the laptops launched in November 2016, Apple surprised observers by using Intel's seventh-generation Core processors, already at large in top-of-the-range PCs from HP, Lenovo, Acer and Dell.  The new processors are expected to be joined by more RAM, with up to 32GB for the 15in MacBook Pro, double the current maximum.  However, this MacBook Pro update isn't expected before fall 2017. As a result, the firm's 12in MacBook is likely to be the first of the brand's notebooks to get a new Intel Kaby Lake chip, expected from Q2 2017. The laptop could also get up to 16GB of RAM, up from the current 8GB.  The current-generation MacBook Pro is the slimmest and most lightweight model ever made by Apple. It stands out from competitors with the new "Touch Bar" of touch-sensitive controls replacing the traditional row of function keys.  This Retina-quality multi-touch strip adapts its functions in relation to the program being used, offering quick and easy touchscreen access to the main functions of Finder, Mail, Safari, Photos, GarageBand, Final Cut Pro X or third-party applications.  The 13in MacBook Pro with Touch Bar technology starts at US$1,799 (RM7,999), rising to US$2,399 (RM10,665) for the 15in model. With top-spec components, the MacBook Pro can cost up to US$4,799 (RM21,333). A 13in model with no Touch Bar is available for US$1,499 (RM6,663).  The previous-gen 13in model is still available to buy for US$1,299 (RM5,775), with the older 15in model at US$1,999 (RM8,886). — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested Microsoft profit up as demand for cloud service soars Xiaomi exec Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read The gift of giving Ponkan oranges choice of the season Existing healthcare aid of RM5,000 a year for Selangor poor to continue advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, January 29, 2017 5:06 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Nintendo to launch ‘Super Mario Run’ Android version in March Thursday January 19, 2017 10:48 AM GMT+8 ICYMI DAP MP: Will Malaysia condemn Trump’s Muslim ban? Serena motivated to win more grand slam titles The Edit: Five new digital publishing apps Mexico criticises Israel over Netanyahu’s wall tweet Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Miyamoto stands next to the Super Mario character during an Apple media event in San Francisco September 7, 2016. — Reuters picTOKYO, Jan 19 — Japan’s Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc’s iPhone in December. The Japanese company announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed. Super Mario Run represents a belated bid by Nintendo to tap mobile gaming after restricting its most popular gaming character to its own game consoles. After launching the game on December 15, downloads topped a record 40 million in just four days. By releasing an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of potential gamers. More than four out of five smartphones shipped in 2016 use the Android operating system, according to market research company IDC. Analysts, however, note that so far less than one in 10 people who have downloaded Super Mario Run for free have agreed to pay US$9.99 (RM45) to unlock all the features of the game. Nintendo’s shares were trading 1.1 per cent lower during morning trading in Tokyo, compared with a 1 per cent gain in the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week New wave of robots set to deliver the goods Google, Facebook reflect tech dismay on Trump immigration order Battle of the digital butlers: Alexa takes on Siri (VIDEO) In move to Facebook, Barra leaves unfinished expansion at Xiaomi Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice Samsung confirms battery defects caused Note 7 fires (VIDEO) Samsung Galaxy S8 rumours: Smaller case, more screen real estate Zuckerberg says Facebook hired ex-Xiaomi VP Barra as new VR head Panasonic launches washing machine for curry stains in India How fat do cameras make you look? (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ NYT Video: Protests at JFK airport against immigration ban Reuters Video: Trump travel ban sparks panic abroad, lawsuits at home See this new clip for ‘John Wick: Chapter 2’ Reuters Video: Marketing experts on how best to spend money, time, energy in 2017 Bloomberg Video: Cuba’s secret scuba dive site is one of a kind Related Articles ‘Super Mario Odyssey’ most-viewed Switch Presentation trailer (VIDEO) Nintendo takes big gamble with Switch’s split personality (VIDEO) Nintendo’s Switch to go on sale March 3 for US$300 (VIDEO) Nintendo reboots with new portable Switch game console Switch: How to catch Nintendo’s new console presentation on Jan 12, 13 Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Wednesday, January 18, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] The Problem With AMP Kyle Schreiber (via Hacker News): The largest complaint by far is that the URLs for AMP links differ from the canonical URLs for the same content, making sharing difficult. The current URLs are a mess. They all begin with some form of https://wwww.google.com/amp/ before showing a URL to the AMP version of the site. There is currently no way to find the canonical link to the page without guessing what the original URL is. […] AMP is about lock-in for Google. AMP is meant to keep publishers tied to Google. Clicking on an AMP link feels like you never even leave the search page, and links to AMP content are displayed prominently in Google’s news carousel. This is their response to similar formats from both Facebook and Apple, both of which are designed to keep users within their respective ecosystems. However, Google’s implementation of AMP is more broad and far reaching than the Apple and Facebook equivalents. Google’s implementation of AMP is on the open web and isn’t limited to just an app like Facebook or Apple. […] The AMP HTML Specification states that all AMP HTML pages must load a JavaScript file from https://cdn.ampproject.org/. If you already run Google Analytics on your pages you probably don’t care that you’re loading yet another black-box JS file from Google. But sites that load absolutely nothing from external sources (such as this one) should understand the privacy and security implications that come along with running JavaScript that you don’t control. greenspot: Google is abusing its powers. The search rank is our currency and Google has pushed AMP sites to the top for some while. So, everybody is now building weird AMP layers for their sites. We went from a free to a proprietary mobile web in just a few weeks. And we can’t do anything. It feels like the times when the Internet Explorer tried to rule except that more people were complaining. The open solution to a faster mobile web would have been so easy: Just penalize large and slow web pages without defining a dedicated mobile specification. That’s it. John Gruber: The lock-in aspect makes no sense to me. Why would I want to cede control over my pages to Google? AMP pages do load fast, but if publishers want their web pages to load fast, they can just engineer them to load fast. Best answers I got were that it wasn’t really strategic — publishers are going with AMP just because their SEO people are telling them to, because Google features AMP pages in search results. I suppose that is a strategy, but ceding control over your content to Google isn’t a good one in the long term. Previously: Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages. Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) Google Privacy Security Web Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → FCC Net Neutrality, Backdoor Hacks, and New Apple Products – ACM 394 Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Jan 18th, 2017 6:08 PM EST | Apple Context Machine Podcast Outgoing FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler made a plea for the incoming administration to protect Net Neutrality. Bryan and Jeff discuss whether that plea is likely to fall on deaf ears [spoiler: yes, it will]. They also discuss the implications of the Cellebrite hack, and the fact that Apple released two product updates this week. MP3 Feed Feedback FCC Net Neutrality, Backdoor Hacks, and New Apple Products - ACM 394 6:08 PM Jan. 18th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Outgoing FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler made a plea for the incoming administration to protect Net Neutrality. Bryan and Jeff discuss whether that plea is likely... Sponsors Looking for fresh and ready to make meals delivered to your door? Check out Blue Apron. Apple Context Machine listeners get three free meals for two people, plus free delivery! Sources referenced in this episode: Apple Offers ‘Major Updates’ to Logic Pro X and GarageBand Wheeler’s Final Plea for an Open Internet Cellebrite Hacked, Reaffirming Apple’s iOS No-backdoor Stance Jeff’s Twitter Bryan’s Twitter Jeff’s blog: Fresh Brewed Tales Bryan’s blog: Geek Tells Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Cellebrite, encryption, FCC, GarageBand, Logic Pro X, Net Neutrality, security, Tom Wheeler Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.72 -0.22 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 9634 Bryan Chaffin apple-context-machine 0 1484762933 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Budget #Testing #Testing2 Testing New News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News New York probing reverse mortgages at Treasury nominee's ex-bank - source Business Standard Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Reuters  |  NEW DELHI  January 19, 2017 Last Updated at 06:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2USfja3 ALSO READ Demonetisation, Tatas, drugs ban kept Delhi HC busy in 2016 India, Kyrgyzstan ink six MoUs to boost ties India has established early contact with Trump's transition team: Foreign Secy India to stand by new Myanmar government: Modi Cabinet approves establishment of Indian Agricultural Research Institute in Jharkhand By Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics <005930.KS> and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Apple | India | Narendra Modi | New Delhi | Government | Delhi | Narendra PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. By Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics <005930.KS> and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting By Sanjeev Miglani and Rajesh Kumar Singh NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics <005930.KS> and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesEntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Equipment & OrdnanceMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsPeopleCommunication & Cyber International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy ET Home›News›Economy›Policy 04:05 PM | 27 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,882174.32 NIFTY 50 8,64138.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,363-22.00 USD/INR 68.03-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting By Reuters | Updated: Jan 19, 2017, 07.32 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Xiaomi | Tim Cook | technology | Samsung | Ravi Shankar | markets | iPhone From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market. Budget 2017: Why a post-Budget fall won't mean achhe din are over for markets. Read about it in our Budget 2017 coverage NEW DELHI: Some Indian officials have baulked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favour being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. Letter spells out demands Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. Meeting next week On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Cisco to buy AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in growth push Here's what you need to know about consolidation of AMCs Gold prices head for first weekly drop of 2017 READ MORE ON » Xiaomi | Tim Cook | technology | Samsung | Ravi Shankar | markets | iPhone To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Five risks that may hamper India's economic growth Take Donald Trump's midnight calls to PM Modi with a pinch of salt Donald Trump's immigration ban includes green card holders: DHS A quiet coup in the works as Airtel, Jio fight it out Donald Trump's immigration order prompts Google to recall travelling staff More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebUnion Budget|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Qualcomm sued by the FTC for violating competition laws By Rei Padla - January 18, 2017 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Qualcomm is one of those tech companies that are involved in several lawsuits due to its products being used in numerous devices. We’re counting not dozens of smartphones, tablets, and wearables but millions being powered by Qualcomm’s processors. Just recently, the Federal Trade Commission accused the company anticompetitive patent tactics after a federal court complaint was filed. Qualcomm is said to be employing tactics that allow them to be on top of the mobile processor business. The lawsuit said that Qualcomm used patents so it could command high royalties and license payments. You can say that’s normal for most businesses but this violates the FTC Act that “prevents businesses from engaging in monopolizing practices”. The idea is that Qualcomm is allegedly threatening the supply of processors to phone makers if they don’t accept the prices set by the chipmaker. According to the FTC, “These royalties amount to a tax on the manufacturers’ use of baseband processors manufactured by Qualcomm’s competitors, a tax that excludes these competitors and harms competition. Increased costs imposed by this tax are passed on to consumers.” Because of Qualcomm’s practices, OEMs and manufacturers have accepted whatever royalties are being asked. The case also included a complaint that the company doesn’t give out license for its standard-essential patents. Another accusation involves Apple who is believed to have been forced to a baseband exclusivity deal that cuts royalty demands from Qualcomm. FTC said Apple was forced to use Qualcomm and that the latter highly took advantage of the Cupertino company. FTC noted, “Qualcomm recognized that any competitor that won Apple’s business would become stronger and used exclusivity to prevent Apple from working with and improving the effectiveness of Qualcomm’s competitors.” FTC wants a court order that would prevent Qualcomm from doing its practices. We have a feeling it will be a long deliberation but one FTC commissioner, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, already doesn’t agree with the accusations because according to her “that, by its mere issuance, will undermine U.S. intellectual property rights in Asia and worldwide.” Qualcomm is ready fight this case in the federal court according its EVP and General Counsel Don Rosenberg. So far, Qualcomm has only made a statement that the complaint by FTC was “based on a flawed legal theory, a lack of economic support and significant misconceptions about the mobile technology industry and that they company has “never withheld or threatened to withhold chip supply in order to obtain agreement to unfair or unreasonable licensing terms.” VIA: SlashGear SOURCE: Qualcomm, FTC Story Timeline FTC starts probing on possible abuse of Android's dominance by Google Qualcomm goes against Meizu in different countries Qualcomm fined $853 million by South Korean regulator for antitrust violations Qualcomm and Meizu reach agreement, patent disputes now settled and resolved Qualcomm, ODG to put out Snapdragon 835-powered AR/VR glasses TAGS Android FTC Qualcomm Rei Padla Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,208FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,188FollowersFollow 60,084SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Tuesday’s Vital Data: Facebook Inc (FB), T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Options activity provides a look at expectations on FB, TMUS and TSLA By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 17, 2017, 9:13 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: 2 Ways to Play Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Q4 Earnings Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is Going to Record Highs! Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Eyes $13 Ahead of Earnings Recent Posts: Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is Going to Record Highs! Friday’s Vital Data: Microsoft Corporation (MSFT), Starbucks Corporation (SBUX) and Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) 2 Ways to Play Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Q4 Earnings View All Posts U.S. stock futures are pointed sharply lower this morning, as Wall Street came back from the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday in a selling mood. Comments from President-elect Donald Trump on China and the U.S. dollar helped spur the selloff, as Trump told The Wall Street Journal that the dollar was “too strong” due to China manipulating the yuan. Adding fuel to the fire, British Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be pushing for a “hard Brexit” from the EU. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average have fallen 0.41%, S&P 500 futures have shed 0.51% and Nasdaq-100 futures are down 0.52%. On the options front, Friday’s volume was brisk heading into the three-day weekend. Overall, roughly 15.4 million calls and 13.4 million puts crossed the tape on Friday. Over on the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio whipsawed to 0.63 from Thursday’s one-week high of 0.68, while the 10-day moving average held steady in two-month high territory at 0.67. Turning to Friday’s volume leaders, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) call volume received a pre-earnings boost from Raymond James, which upgraded the stock to “strong buy.” Elsewhere, T-Mobile US Inc (NASDAQ:TMUS) saw call volume ramp up amid the FCC’s spectrum auction, which has led to increased speculation on merger activity in the telecom sector. Finally, Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) was also call heavy after the company detailed its plans to charge for supercharging stations across the country. Facebook Inc (FB) Front-running the social media giant’s quarterly report, Raymond James lifted Facebook stock to “strong buy” from “outperform” on Friday. According to a research note, social media ad spending was strong in the fourth quarter, with Raymond James stating that channel checks indicate an increase in ad spending of about 20% to 30%. The brokerage firm reasoned that Facebook should now easily hit ad growth estimates of 35%. FB stock rallied 1.36% on the news, finally filling in November’s post-earnings gap lower. The combination of technical and fundamental strength pushed options traders toward FB call options in droves on Friday. Overall, Facebook saw volume reach over 962,000 contracts, with calls snapping up 70% of the day’s take. Looking out to 3 Feb options, however, FB options bulls are still playing catchup. Currently, peak call open interest rests at the in-the-money $123 strike, totaling 9,800 contracts — well short of FB’s current perch north of $128. In the $128 region, there are roughly 3,400 contracts at each of the $129, $130 and $131 strikes in the 3 Feb. series, i.e., the one most affected by Facebook’s coming quarterly report on Feb. 1. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/tuesday-vital-data-facebook-inc-fb-t-mobile-us-inc-tmus-tesla-motors-inc-tsla/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc. Faces a New Threat to the iPhone 8 (AAPL) The Essential smartphone from Android co-founder Andy Rubin could rain on the iPhone 8 parade this year By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 17, 2017, 10:06 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix, Inc.? (NFLX) 10 Companies That Are Bringing Jobs Back to America Is Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Ending the Age of Intel (INTC)? Recent Posts: Samsung (SSNLF) Expected to Launch Galaxy S8 on March 29 Facebook Inc (FB) Hires Former Google Exec to Lead Oculus Is Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Ending the Age of Intel (INTC)? View All Posts Apple inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is all too familiar with Andy Rubin. The creator of Android led the effort to knock iOS off its perch and take a commanding lead in the smartphone platform wars. With a critical iPhone 8 release scheduled for 2017, Rubin is once again poised to be a thorn in AAPL’s side with news he is preparing to launch his own Essential smartphone. Source: Global Playground If the new AI-powered, flagship smartphone from Rubin’s company lives up to the hype, the Samsung (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) Galaxy S8 and the next Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Pixel Phone may be the least of Apple’s worries this year. Re-Introducing Andy Rubin A one-time Apple engineer, Andy Rubin quickly became a serious threat to the company’s mobile ambitions. In 2003, he co-founded Android. When Alphabet’s Google bought the mobile operating system in 2005, he became the Google senior vice president responsible for Android. Rubin continued in the position until 2013, when he took over Google’s robotics division before leaving the company altogether in 2014. Now, Rubin is back in the spotlight with his own company — Essential — which is focused on artificial intelligence. And it features a flagship smartphone as its product centerpiece. The Essential Smartphone Bloomberg was the first to report on Andy Rubin’s new company after CES 2017. According to Bloomberg, Rubin is in discussion with mobile carriers, including Sprint Corp (NYSE:S), about the Essential smartphone. The device is still in the prototype stage, but sources say Rubin is planning to launch it by the middle of the year, at a $649 price point. That would mean a new flagship smartphone hitting shelves just months before the iPhone 8. It would add to the tough competition of the Galaxy S8, which will be heavily promoted by Samsung, as well as the follow-up version of Google’s Pixel Phone. The Essential smartphone may pose an even bigger threat to the iPhone 8 than these two Android front-runners. Bloomberg’s sources describe a smartphone with a larger display than the iPhone 7 Plus, but a smaller form factor because the Essential smartphone has an edge-to-edge display that lacks bezels. A magnetic connector does double-duty for charging and as a port for hardware accessories, including a spherical 360-degree camera. The screen could be pressure-sensitive, like the iPhone’s. And Essential is reportedly working on a ceramic back, which would utilize the same premium material used in AAPL’s latest flagship Apple Watch Edition Series 2. Behind it all, the Essential smartphone would feature advanced AI technology, which would take on Siri. Is This a Real Threat to the iPhone 8? On one hand, it’s easy to dismiss the Essential smartphone. It’s still in the prototype phase, and if its design is finalized, it may ultimately lack some of the features like the ceramic back. There are big unanswered questions, too, including what operating system it will run. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/apple-inc-aapl-iphone-8-essential-smartphone/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Tuesday Apple Rumors: New MacBook Pro May Have 32GB of RAM Apple isn't planning an iPhone 6 battery exchange program Jan 17, 2017, 2:20 pm EST  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer     Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of new MacBook Pro laptops. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Tueday. MacBook Pro Update: A new rumor claims that Apple will be updating its MacBook Pro line later this year, reports MacRumors. According to this rumor, the tech company is planning to update the MacBook Pro line with Intel Corporation’s (NASDAQ:INTC) new Kaby Lake processors. The rumor also claims that the 12-inch MacBook Pro will allow for up to 16GB of RAM. It also mentions a 15-inch MacBook Pro that will have a 32GB of RAM option. This rumor comes from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. iPhone 6 Battery: Apple is shooting down rumors about a replacement program for iPhone 6 batteries, AppleInsider notes. An unnamed source from inside AAPL says that there will be no large-scale replacement program for iPhone 6 batteries. The reported reason for this is that there aren’t enough problems to warrant such a program. This news comes shortly after reports that the tech company was planning to launch such as program. macOS Beta: The newest beta of macOS 10.12.3 includes a new feature to save battery life, reports BGR. This feature pops up under the “Using Significant Energy” setting. The feature has a “Display Brightness” option showing up in this section. Clicking the text will result in the display brightness on the computer turning down to 75%. This is similar to the Low Power mode that was introduced for AAPL’s mobile devices with iOS 9. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/apple-rumors-macbook-pro-ram-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Economy Govt to consider Apple’s request with ‘open mind’ Govt to consider Apple’s request with ‘open mind’ The government will consider US tech giant Apple’s request for various incentives with an "open mind" and it would "very much like" the iPhone maker to set up its base in India. By: FE Bureau | New Delhi | Updated: January 19, 2017 6:28 AM Apple has sent a list of demands to the government — including a 15-year customs duty holiday on iPhone kit imports and favourable local sourcing policy — as necessary pre-conditions to start manufacturing in India. (Reuters) The government will consider US tech giant Apple’s request for various incentives with an “open mind” and it would “very much like” the iPhone maker to set up its base in India.”We would very much like Apple to come and have a base in India… If a structured request comes from them, we will surely consider it with an open mind,” communications & information technology minister Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on Wednesday. Apple has sent a list of demands to the government — including a 15-year customs duty holiday on iPhone kit imports and favourable local sourcing policy — as necessary pre-conditions to start manufacturing in India. A team of the company is scheduled to give a presentation to senior officials from various ministries, including finance, communications and industry, on January 25. Apple wants a 15-year customs duty holiday on import of iPhone kits, new and used capital equipment, and consumables to establish an iPhone production facility in India, among other incentives, The Indian Express has reported. Apple’s “desired model for entry” shows that it does not intend to source locally, as it has sought duty cuts on components, completely knocked down and semi knocked down units of iPhones, for reassembly at the finished goods manufacturing line to be set up in spring this year, according to the report. However, an earlier request by Apple, seeking a waiver of the mandatory 30% local sourcing rule under FDI rules for setting up its own stores in India, was turned down by the finance ministry last year. Currently, Apple sells its products in India through a network of local distributors and retailers. Prasad’s statement came after the Cabinet restructured a subsidy programme for electronic manufacturing by tightening some of its provisions following the finance ministry’s objections. Please Wait while comments are loading... Budget 2017 Why FM Jaitley must introduce these 5 tax changes for individuals Budget 2017: Tax incentives, infra status can make the difference for healthcare sector, says Nabin Ballodia of KPMG India What 'double-taxed' Indians working abroad want from FM Jaitley Infrastructure sector may be in for a treat from FM Arun Jaitley Budget 2017 should provide some incentives to the education sector, says Nabin Ballodia of KPMG India Trending Now Kal Penn starts fundraiser for Syrian refugees Punjab Election 2017 Live Updates: Narendra Modi to address rally in Ludhiana today Donald Trump's travel ban 'extremely troubling': Academy Donald Trump travel ban 'great gift to extremists': Iran FM Mohammad Javad Zarif India U-19 cricket team trainer Rajesh Sawant found dead in hotel room After Arun Jaitley vs Amarinder Singh in 2014, Amritsar sees low-profile LS bypoll 'Vampire' star caught in the act by Indian space observatory ASTROSAT India vs England 2nd T20: Live Streaming and Where to watch in India Australian Open Mixed Doubles Final: Sania Mirza and Ivan Dodig lose in the final Rajghat gets a facelift: Bapu quotes can be read on entrances When is Roger Federer vs Rafael Nadal 2017 Australian Open men's final and where to watch online live streaming live coverage on TV  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Budget 2017 News Budget 2017: मोदी सरकार ला सकती है गरीबों और बेरोजगारों को हर महीने 1500 रुपए देने की योजना बजट 2017: मिडिल क्लास के लिए वित्त मंत्री अरुण जेटली कर सकते हैं ये 5 बड़े ऐलान सीतारमण ने दिया संकेत, बजट में स्टार्टअप इकाइयों को मिल सकते हैं टैक्स लाभ मुद्रास्फीति में बढ़ोतरी पर उद्योग जगत ने कहा, वृद्धि को बढ़ावा देने वाले सुधारों पर हो जोर Assembly Elections 2017 News बाहुबली मुख्‍तार अंसारी परिवार समेत बसपा में शामिल, तीन सदस्‍यों को हाथोंहाथ मिला विधानसभा टिकट पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी के साथ अपर्णा यादव की सेल्‍फी पर लगे थे कयास, अब पूछा- इसमें गलत क्‍या है? कटियार बोले- राम मंदिर का मुद्दा हमेशा जीवित रहेगा, इस पर कोई समझौता नहीं Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Indian government wants Apple, but not all officials are biting Some Indian officials have balked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. Posted 19 Jan 2017 08:40 Updated 19 Jan 2017 18:25 A salesperson waits for customers at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade An iPhone is seen on display at a kiosk at an Apple reseller store in Mumbai, India, January 12, 2017. Picture taken January 12, 2017. REUTERS/Shailesh Andrade prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW DELHI: Some Indian officials have balked at Apple's demands for concessions before it assembles iPhones there, raising doubts about a spring deadline to launch a key project in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's campaign to lure foreign investors. The country is still keen for the U.S. tech giant to produce its signature smartphones there, and Information Technology Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Wednesday that India would keep an "open mind" in negotiations. "We will very much like Apple to come and have a base in India," he said. But Apple Inc's long list of demands, including tax concessions and several other policy exceptions, still faces resistance from officials who consider it excessive and unfair on foreign companies already operating in India. Their caution underlines how Modi's ambition to make India a global manufacturing hub, in order to drive the economy and create jobs for millions of people entering the workforce each year, will not be easy. "We have not done this for anyone," said a senior government official whose department is one of several involved in evaluating the Apple proposal. "If we do this, we must see a lot of value addition." Another official involved in the review said the government should make policies for the industry, not individual companies. "Apple is coming here because it sees a lucrative market, this is not a favor being done to India." Competitors such as South Korea's Samsung Electronics and China's Xiaomi have already set up manufacturing in the country. Apple did not respond to a request for comment. LETTER SPELLS OUT DEMANDS Modi met Apple CEO Tim Cook last May and discussed iPhone production in India. Where any plant would be located and how many people it might employ have yet to be finalised, although it would likely involve thousands of jobs. Attracting such a household name would be a valuable advertisement for a country shaking off a reputation for stifling bureaucracy, but officials are wary of tailoring rules to individual investors. "What Apple is trying to do, if it happens, I think it will be available to everybody in the industry. I don't see the government of India making discriminatory policies," said Arvind Vohra, chief executive at Gionee India, part of Chinese smartphone maker Gionee. It is setting up a local manufacturing plant under India's existing rules. From Apple's point of view, the ambitious timeline agreed by Modi and Cook reflected its need to capture more of the fast-growing Indian market, where it has only about 2 percent share as iPhone sales in the United State and China have slowed. In a letter sent to the prime minister's office on Oct. 13 and seen by Reuters, it called on the government to "make the environment attractive" for it to make phones for the Indian market as well as for export. On the matter of duties, it said high import taxes on smartphones could lead to retaliation from trading blocs. "This would increase the cost of India manufactured smartphones and in turn limit India's ambition of becoming a smartphone hub for the rest of the world." Despite the reluctance of some officials, Modi could intervene to get the Apple project back on schedule. In June, the government relaxed local sourcing rules for foreign retailers like Apple barely a month after the finance ministry turned down the company's request for a waiver. The company and its partners have reportedly won significant concessions before in other markets. MEETING NEXT WEEK On Jan. 25, the departments of industry, information technology and electronics, and finance will meet Apple executives to consider the conditions set out by the firm in India, government officials said. In May, Modi and Cook agreed to work towards a "package" of four projects: assembling iPhones, opening Apple stores, importing certified pre-owned iPhones and refurbishing them in India, according to the letter. Apple said its initial focus was to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India over two phases, the first of which was to be introduced by spring this year. But after conducting due diligence on what it would take to get the project going, it determined its entry was "dependent on government support on a number of pre-requisites." The Cupertino, Calif.-based company listed a set of seven demands. Among them, it sought duty exemption on raw materials for manufacturing, components and capital equipment for 15 years for both domestic and export markets. Apple also sought a change in rules that would govern how it could import defective iPhones to repair and export them again, a move it said was crucial for it to keep supporting and repairing older models of the iPhone. Currently, Indian rules restrict such imports to phones that are no older than three years. Apple asked for the government's help in quickly processing a request for a ruling from Indian tax authorities on transfer pricing agreements between its affiliates. It also identified India's customs procedures as a hurdle to manufacturing and asked the government to make them less onerous. "For trusted traders inspections need to be less intrusive - this means less boxes opened," Apple wrote. "The complete process should not require more than thirty minutes." (Additional reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Paritosh Bansal) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung's Vice Chairman Lee was Banned by Korea's Special Prosecutor from the Leaving the Country to Meet with Trump | Main | Apple Invents Dynamic Cinemagraph Presentations » January 18, 2017 South Korea's Court Announces that Samsung's Heir Apparent won't be arrested as Prosecutors Requested On Sunday Patently Apple posted a report titled "The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution." The report showed that there was a split amongst politicians about what to do about Samsung's Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong. Some liberal politicians urged investigators not to give favors to conglomerate owners, while others demanded they not be harsh on business leaders, pointing out Samsung's influence in South Korean economy.   In Sunday's report I had expressed the opinion that Samsung's Lee wouldn't see the inside of a jail cell because he was basically untouchable in South Korea. Late this afternoon our time today the news has broken that Samsung's Vice Chairman won't be arrested as the special prosecutor had requested.   Bloomberg reports that "A court in South Korea turned down prosecutors' request to arrest Samsung Group's Jay Y. Lee on alleged bribery, perjury and embezzlement, letting him stay in place atop the country's most powerful company while they continue their investigation.   "While the prosecutors are still going to be looking into things, and this doesn't necessarily close the case, this is definitely the outcome Samsung was looking for," he said. "At this point, now that the court has rejected the arrest warrant, there's no reason to not proceed with the succession."   Samsung released a statement saying "We appreciate the fact that the merits of this case can now be determined without the need for detention."   A Korean report tonight quotes the Seoul Central District Court stating: "It is hard to acknowledge the reason, necessity and appropriateness for the arrest at the current stage (of the investigation)", citing lack of evidence and key issues that are still debated as the reasons for the rejection.   While the final decision is not official in yet, and a strange twist could always arise in the future, I think that the face of Samsung's heir apparent in the photo above is just shy of breaking out laughing – likely knowing that it's all playing out for the cameras according to plan.   Yes, for now the show is over and it's back to business and all that it entails. South Korea's President will likely get impeached for taking bribes but Samsung's heir apparent miraculously gets away for gladly paying the bribe to gain the merger that he sought to strengthen his grip on Samsung. Soap operas don't get better than this folks. Stay tuned for the movie.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 18, 2017 at 05:44 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Apple's Australian Patent Filing Relating to the AirPods Antenna Surfaces at Europe Patent Office Is Apple Going to sell a Vaporizer for Dope Heads like CNN Thinks? No, not in this Lifetime The Lawsuit against Facebook's Oculus by Major Gaming Industry Player ZeniMax now in Deliberation Did Apple just acquire the 'Lightning Audio' Trademark? Apple's CEO Met with Ivanka Trump in Washington and Trump's Manufacturing Council Membership Revealed A Microsoft Patent Reveals a Highly Advanced Home Automation Device that's Miles ahead of Amazon's Echo It's Official, Apple moving iTunes International from Luxembourg to Cork Ireland The Digital Assistant War for Home Automation Device Supremacy is about to get Really Heated Apple's Negotiations with India Could get tangled in Tax Issues from Individual States where Apple sets up Shop Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Netflix Can Now Be Played Directly In Apple’s TV App (Sort Of) By Tyler Lee on 01/18/2017 16:23 PST Last year Apple announced a new TV app which for those unfamiliar, is basically meant to act as a hub for all your TV shows and movies from the various services that are available. However there were some services missing from the TV app, and most notable amongst them is Netflix. However the good news is that you can now play Netflix shows directly in the TV app, although it isn’t exactly what you might imagine it. It has been discovered that if you were to do a Siri search for a Netflix movie, the movie will now be able to stream from Netflix if you have an active subscription. Prior to this, doing a similar search would see users redirected to the Netflix app instead. Note that this seems to be the only way to play Netflix movies directly in the TV app, but it also means that Netflix titles will still not show up under the recommended titles, nor can users use the TV app to queue Netflix-exclusive shows. We’re not sure what the point is with this update, but we guess if you’d rather not switch between apps then this could be an alternative. Just to remind you guys, the TV app still does not fully support Netflix or Amazon Video for whatever reasons, however this change will let you stream Netflix shows albeit in a more roundabout manner. Filed in Apple >Gadgets. Read more about Apple TV, Apps, Entertainment and Netflix. Related Articles 2017-01-24 Netflix For Android Now Supports Downloading To SD Cards 2017-01-24 Amazon Beats Netflix To Best Picture Oscar Nomination 2017-01-22 House Of Cards Season 5 Release Date Confirmed 2017-01-19 Netflix Original Content Driving Impressive Subscriber Growth 2016-10-27 Netflix & Amazon Video Won’t Be Available In Apple’s New ‘TV’ App 2016-09-14 Twitter Launches Live Streaming App For Apple TV, Fire TV, And Xbox One 2016-07-14 Netflix Has No Plans To Remove Windows Apps 2011-11-10 Apple may be holding back a Hulu Plus app for Apple TV (Rumor) Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Man Claims His MacBook Pro Saved Him From Taking A Bullet Meet Acorn, The OS That Almost Made Its Way Onto The iPhone iOS 10 Now Installed On 76% Of iOS Devices Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year 2017 Apple Watch Rumored For Fall Launch With Improved Battery User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 19 January 2017 | MYT 6:30 AM OLED screen technology could be in store for next-gen iPhone High expectations: Apple's most recent handsets — the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus — launched in September 2016, but the rumour mill is already busy churning out predictions of what the iPhone 8 will have in store. — AFP 2017 is an important year for Apple, marking the tenth anniversary of the original iPhone's release.  As a result, the next model in the iPhone line-up is particularly eagerly awaited and could bring several new features from Apple, according to leaks reported by various tech websites.  In terms of build, the next iPhone is likely to have a stainless steel chassis holding two glass plates. The highest-end model should be in store for an OLED display, offering higher contrast and deeper blacks, as well as a slimmer, more lightweight build compared with LCD technology. OLED also uses less power than classic LCD.  The switch to OLED technology could allow Apple to make a first iPhone handset with a certain degree of curvature, like its main rival Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge. Ultimately, the iPhone 8 could come in three versions: classic, Plus and curved.  Like Samsung, Apple could also be working on a smartphone with a borderless display covering almost all of the device's front surface, like the Xiaomi Mi Mix, which caused a sensation in 2016. As a result, the iPhone's traditional "Home" button could be ditched, but Touch ID fingerprint-reading technology and the front-facing camera could be integrated directly into the screen, as suggested by a system already patented by Apple.  It's unclear whether this would be reserved for the OLED model or would come to the full range of handsets. All models are expected to get dust-resistant builds and, for the first time, proper water-resistance for depths up to one meter (IP68 certification).  Finally, Apple could bring a wireless charging solution to its smartphone, inspired by the induction charging system the American tech firm already uses for its Apple Watch.  Over the years, Apple has traditionally unveiled its new iPhone models in the fall, so the "iPhone 8" isn't expected before September 2017. — AFP Relaxnews You May Be Interested Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Data centre growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Arrogate wins $12 million World Cup Invitational Ponkan oranges choice of the season US Embassy: Malaysians not affected by Trump's immigration ruling advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Most Viewed in Tech China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Apps Games Accessories Windows Phone Android Apple Nokia Software Sponsored Posts Search LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Mobiletor.com Apps Games Accessories Windows Phone Android 13 lakh Android phones in India infected by HummingBad malware Android Lollipop 5.1.1 starts rolling out to smartphones under Google’s Android… Mahindra XUV500 will be the first Indian car with Android Auto Android M launched: Here are all the details A factory-reset of your Android device doesn’t fully wipe off its… Apple Apple raising App Store prices in India and UK Apple’s request of concessions on manufacturing in India being considered iPhone 6 for Rs 9990 on Flipkart – it’s too good… Apple in talks with government to ‘Make in India’ Apple iOS 10.2 update has SOS button for India, 100 new… Nokia Nokia 6 won’t come to India, but more phones to be… Nokia 6 is the company’s first ever Android phone Nokia phones running Android Nougat leaked Nokia’s first phones for 2017 sadly not running Android Nokia phones are definitely coming in 2017, proof is in the… Software Chinese company Adups sent data from thousands of Android phones to… India to receive updated version of Cortana this summer LG named leading OEM for beaming security patches to its Android… Android Lollipop updates for Asus ZenFone 4, ZenFone 5 and ZenFone… Cyanogen all geared up incorporate caller ID app Truecaller into its… Sponsored Posts Home Apple Apple raising App Store prices in India and UK Apple Apple raising App Store prices in India and UK By Keval Shah - Jan 18, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Apple has decided to raise the prices of its App Store offerings by over 30% in India, while the UK is being hit by a roughly 25% hike following its withdrawal from the EU. Even Turkey has been affected by this move on Cupertino’s part. The changes are reportedly going to be implemented within a week. The cost of apps in these selected regions have been increased based on currency exchange rates, taxes imposed by the corresponding governments, the cost of doing business there and other relevant factors. In India, service tax of 14%, Swachh Bharat Cess (SBC) of 0.5% and Krishi Kalyan Cess (KKC) of 0.5% are applicable on all taxable services. The App Store raked in more than $28 billion in annual revenues in 2016. On this scale, earnings lost over even a marginally small percentage of tax such as the Krishi Kalyan Cess will make a massive difference in yearly profits. What it means to users in India is that they will now have to pay Rs 80 instead of Rs 60 for every $0.99 app even though the exchange rate of the dollar against the rupee hasn’t hit so high. In the UK, the price of App Store items costing 99 cents in the US will be raised from £0.79 to £0.99. To make up for this change, Apple will allow developers to lower the tags on their applications to £0.49 or £0.79, if they wish. But there’s no incentive for creators to do so of course. VAT (Value Added Tax) is already applied to the price of items in the App Store for EU and UK customers. The final costs of iOS applications in the US change state to state depending on the taxable amount. So the rate displayed on iTunes content is the one users can expect to pay before taxes. App Store items in India will likely to be shown with added service tax, KKC and SBC. SOURCEMac Rumors TAGS App Store apple iPhone apps iTunes Price SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMore trouble brewing for Reliance Jio ‘predatory’ free services offer Keval Shah RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple’s request of concessions on manufacturing in India being considered iPhone 6 for Rs 9990 on Flipkart – it’s too good to be true Apple in talks with government to ‘Make in India’ Trending Apple raising App Store prices in India and UK Keval Shah - Jan 18, 2017 Apple has decided to raise the prices of its App Store offerings by over 30% in India, while the UK is being hit by... More trouble brewing for Reliance Jio ‘predatory’ free services offer Rohit Panshikar - Jan 18, 2017 The telecom industry in India has seen more drama than a daytime soap opera since Reliance Jio emerged in September 2016. Incumbent operators have... Reliance Jio Fiber broadband Internet at 100Mbps rolls out in Mumbai Rohit Panshikar - Jan 14, 2017 Reliance Jio has followed Airtel V-Fiber into Mumbai with its very own broadband Internet service at the same speed as that offered by the... Lenovo P2 hits Flipkart starting at Rs 16999 Keval Shah - Jan 14, 2017 Even though Lenovo acquired Motorola quite some time ago, it’s still keeping its very own brand name alive and recently released the Lenovo P2... Nokia 6 won’t come to India, but more phones to be unveiled on February... Shreya Shetty - Jan 12, 2017 Finnish firm HMD Global has officially revealed that the Nokia 6 won’t be coming to India or any other market outside of China. But... About Contact Privacy Disclaimer Sponsored Posts © Mobiletor.com 2016
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The iPhone X: Coming in 2017? 3.5k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: lili sams/mashable By Brett Williams2017-01-18 23:02:09 UTC We've heard a ton about what might be coming in the next iPhone — but until now, none of the sources leaking potential design specs have gone so far as to call the upcoming device "yuge." SEE ALSO: Is Apple's App Store a monopoly? But if the phone actually hits the market with a wraparound screen, facial sensor technology, wireless charging capabilities and a name like "iPhone X," yuge could be an understatement.  In a research note for his company's investors, Cowen and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri apparently used one of the president-elect's favorite descriptors to project the impact of Apple's next flagship, which he refers to using the iPhone X moniker.  The note was later provided to both Apple Insider and Business Insider.   Citing information from sources within Apple's supply chain (and not much else), Arcuri claimed 2017 will have a "feature-rich launch" highlighted by a new 5.8-inch model, the iPhone X. It could include that curved OLED display using the same fixed flex screen tech found on some Samsung devices — which makes sense, because Samsung will reportedly be the exclusive supplier of the new displays.  To make room for even more space for a true edge-to-edge screen like the Xiaomi Mi Mix, the earpiece, front-facing camera and fingerprint sensor could be embedded directly into the display. Rounding out the new features is an unspecified form of facial and/or gesture recognition tech, which Arcuri speculated to be "supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera," and wireless charging. As exciting as those specs might be (and we've heard the rumors before), this report has no new evidence to back up the claim.   The other details are old news. Two other handsets could be released this year: a 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 7S and 7S Plus, which will have small internal improvements from 2016's iPhone 7. We've heard this before from a Chinese leak, but the luxe version of the device was then going by the codename Ferrari. Even though Arcuri's note was long on speculation and short on any real documented information, many of its claims fit in with the rest of the rumor cycle. The specs point in the direction it feels like Apple should take for the next flagship, too — the iPhone has been stuck in the boring-but-dependable role in the smartphone market for too long now, leaving its challengers to sink or swim with exciting new features and eye-catching designs.  By making the move from LCD to OLED, curving its edges and ditching bezels, which is the least of what might come this year, the iPhone can take the first step toward a bold new redesign.      BONUS: Everything we think we know about the next iPhone Topics: 2017, Apple, iPhone, iPhone 7s, iphone 8, Mobile, OLED, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Nintendo to launch Super Mario Run Android version in March Nintendo to launch Super Mario Run Android version in March Japan's Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of the iPhone in December. By: Reuters | Tokyo | Updated: January 19, 2017 11:38 am Japan’s Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc’s iPhone in December. The Japanese company announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed. Super Mario Run represents a belated bid by Nintendo to tap mobile gaming after restricting its most popular gaming character to its own game consoles. After launching the game on December 15, downloads topped a record 40 million in just four days. By releasing an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of potential gamers. More than four out of five smartphones shipped in 2016 use the Android operating system, according to market research company IDC. Accordin to data by App Annie it showed that by December 16, Super Mario Run was the highest grossing game in the US, UK and at number six position in Japan’s App Store. Also Read: Super Mario Run comes to iOS: How to play, game modes and price Super Mario Run went live in 151 countries in one go, but for now is restricted to the Apple App Store. Plus users have to pay $9.99 or Rs 620 in India in order to play the full game, and has a freemium model. So while the game is free to download, you will need to pay more eventually if you want to play all the levels. Analysts, however, note that so far less than one in 10 people who have downloaded Super Mario Run for free have agreed to pay $9.99 to unlock all the features of the game. Nintendo’s shares were trading 1.1 percent lower during morning trading in Tokyo, compared with a 1 percent gain in the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. Tags: Android Nintendo Budget 2017 BusinessArun Jaitley should focus on job creation in Budget: Rating agency Crisil Budget must be presented after assembly elections: Akhilesh Yadav writes to PM Modi OpinionLook at budget algebra, not math Best of Express ElectionsLive updates: Want to end politics of anger perpetuated by RSS-BJP, says Rahul Gandhi EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 4: Shah Rukh Khan film collects Rs 75.44 crore EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 finalist Manu Punjabi quits the show for Rs 10 lakhs. Find out more EntertainmentKaran Johar's perfect reply after troll asks Anurag Kashyap to 'stop sleeping' with Karan EntertainmentFrom Salman's performance to Manveer, Bani, Lopamudra, Manu's acts, everything about Bigg Boss 10 finale Must Read SportsAustralian Open Live: Federer vs Nadal soon SportsRoger vs Rafa brings romance back to the sport SportsIndia U19 team physical fitness trainer found dead TechnologyTrump's immigration order: Google, Apple, Microsoft and other tech companies protest TechnologyAn iPhone made in America? Not that simple TechnologyFacebook makes changes to Trending Topics to fight fake news LifestyleNow, a hormone in brain that can trigger fat burning: Study Jan 29: Latest News New analytical procedure can quickly identify bacteria in hospitals Learning from Shah Rukh Khan most special experience for Fan star Shriya Pilgaonkar PM Modi Faridkot rally Live updates: One leader is disrespecting Punjab’s youths by calling them drug addicts Donald Trump gives US military 30 days to prepare anti-ISIS strategy We are still in shock: BCCI post Rajesh Sawant’s death                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Qualcomm facing federal charges it strong-armed Apple into buying its chips – Silicon Valley Business Journal Posted on January 18, 2017 by Silicon Valley Business Journal Qualcomm Inc. is based in La Jolla, California. Qualcomm is the biggest maker of… more. Konrad Fiedler. For five years, Qualcomm squeezed Apple into exclusively buying its chips in return for lower licensing fees, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission … Feds Sue Qualcomm for Forcing Chips on AppleTop Tech News FTC Charges Qualcomm With Monopolizing Key Semiconductor Device Used in Cell Phones | Federal Trade …Federal Trade Commission Complaint – Federal Trade CommissionFederal Trade Commission Qualcomm -Federal Trade Commission all 189 news articles …read more wrote 25685 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Microsoft, Intel, Alphabet buoyed by cloud boom – Daily Herald Trump’s Immigration Ban Ruptures Truce with Business, as Tech Leaders Speak Out – Fortune Twitter discloses two far-reaching FBI data requests – Engadget Tech companies protest Trump immigration order – Washington Post LG’s Nexus-like Watch Style surfaces in photos – Engadget Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 AirPods: Ushering in a Wireless Future App Extensions Are Not a Replacement for User Automation 3D Touch for Power Users Logic Pro X and GarageBand for iOS Get Significant Updates By Ryan Christoffel Today Apple launched the latest versions of two of its apps aimed at music creators: Logic Pro X 10.3 for macOS and GarageBand 2.2 for iOS. Each update brings a number of improvements that offer additional tools to users and increased integration between the two apps. Logic Pro X 10.3 adds Touch Bar support to the app for the first time, implementing it in a number of ways. The Touch Bar can serve as an instrument, allowing users to tap out a drum beat or play a piano keyboard. Power users will appreciate the ability to keep some of their favorite controls on the Touch Bar, as it can be configured with different keyboard shortcuts to suit each person's needs. There is also the option to navigate audio waveforms using the Touch Bar. For those who may not have a Touch Bar-equipped device, the latest update to Logic still has several things to offer. In addition to minor design changes, new features include Track Alternatives, which allows creating and sorting through different edits of any individual track. Increased ties with iOS is another major addition, as you can now upload a project to iCloud in a version compatible with GarageBand on iOS. This allows changes to be made to the file while on the go, straight from an iPhone or iPad. Other features include Selection-Based Processing, which makes it possible to apply a combination of effects to any selection of audio, and beefed up internals driving the app including a 64-bit summing engine. GarageBand 2.2 for iOS brings the compatibility features necessary to edit an exported Logic file, as mentioned above. Though there seems to be no sign of Logic making its way to iOS, this addition helps mitigate the issue slightly for occasions when your Mac isn't nearby but an iPhone or iPad is. The latest update also comes with a new synthesizer called Alchemy, which includes a collection of over 150 patches designed by Apple and covering a wide range of genres. Anyone who regularly records in GarageBand should also appreciate the new Multi-Take Recording feature. New tools for adding one-tap vocal effects to a recording such as distortion or pitch correction were added too. Logic Pro X 10.3 and GarageBand 2.2 are both available as free updates to existing customers. Logic Pro X is available on the Mac App Store for $199.99, and GarageBand is available on the iOS App Store for $4.99. Tags: garageband, touch bar Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.5
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Super Mario Run Is Coming to Android in March, Nintendo Confirms  Reuters, 19 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Nintendo announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed Super Mario Run represents Nintendo's bid to tap mobile gaming With an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of gamers Japan's Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc's iPhone in December. The Japanese company announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed. Super Mario Run represents a belated bid by Nintendo to tap mobile gaming after restricting its most popular gaming character to its own game consoles. After launching the game on December 15, downloads topped a record 40 million in just four days. By releasing an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of potential gamers. More than four out of five smartphones shipped in 2016 use the Android operating system, according to market research company IDC. Super Mario Run Gross Revenue Is $30 Million in 2 Weeks: Report Analysts, however, note that so far less than one in 10 people who have downloaded Super Mario Run for free have agreed to pay $9.99 to unlock all the features of the game. Nintendo's shares were trading 1.1 percent lower during morning trading in Tokyo, compared with a 1 percent gain in the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. © Thomson Reuters 2017 Tags: Nintendo, Super Mario Run, Super Mario Run for Android, Android, Gaming, Apps Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 India Launch Set for Today, Watch Live Stream Here Reliance Jio Happy New Year Offer: Idea Challenges TRAI Permission for Promo Extension Super Mario Run Is Coming to Android in March, Nintendo Confirms     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Intex Cloud Q11 4G Intex Cloud Style 4G Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 Popular Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi 16 मेगापिक्सल सेल्फी कैमरे वाला ओप्पो ए57 भारत में होगा लॉन्च सैमसंग गैलेक्सी एस8 की फोटो, स्पेसिफिकेशन व लॉन्च की तारीख लीक भीम एंड्रॉयड ऐप हुआ अपडेट, मिलेंगे कई नए फ़ीचर Latest Videos 02:15 360 Daily: Xiaomi Skipping MWC 2017, HP's Massive Laptop Battery Recall and More 02:51 Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumours and Predictions 02:36 Games of February 2017: Our Top Picks 01:57 Panasonic Eluga Prim Review 02:55 360 Daily: BSNL Unveils Free Calling Plans, New iOS and macOS Features Unveiled, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Cloud Kitchens Take the Risk Out of Trying New Places - and the Reward Rohan Naravane UPI Has an Identity Problem That's Stopping It From Taking Off Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Advertisement Recent Google Maps Now Shows You the Parking Situation at Your Destination Google Takes Action Against Shady Ads That Scam Users, Among Other Things WhatsApp for Android Could Soon Get Revoke, Edit Sent Message Feature Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Case Renders Leaked; Show Off Design COAI Approaches TRAI Against BSNL's App-Based Calling Service Nokia MIKA Digital Assistant Launched to Aid Telecom Operators Classic Adventure Puzzle Game 'Myst' Now Available on Android Facebook Introduces NFC-Based 2FA Process for Added Security HP Recalls About 101,000 Laptop Batteries Due to Fire and Burn Hazards US President Trump Reportedly Still Using an Unsecured Android Device More News TRENDING Chrome 56 Now Available; Starts Marking Certain HTTP Sites as 'Not Secure COAI Approaches TRAI Against BSNL's App-Based Calling Service There Is No White Nokia 6 Colour Variant, Confirms HMD Global WhatsApp for Android Could Soon Get Revoke, Edit Sent Message Feature Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Case Renders Leaked; Show Off Design Flappy Bird Creator's New Game Is Just as Addictive and Frustrating Google Takes Action Against Shady Ads That Scam Users, Among Other Things Idea to Launch ‘Digital Idea’ Apps Suite to Take on Reliance Jio Nokia MIKA Digital Assistant Launched to Aid Telecom Operators Aadhaar Pay for Cashless Transactions to Be Launched Soon: Prasad Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Gaming News Game Reviews Game Trailers GR Originals Strategy Guides Hot Topics: Resident Evil 7 Kingdom Hearts Destiny Mass Effect Andromeda PS4 Pro Xbox One PC Fire Emblem Heroes Announced for Android and iOS Devices By Riley Little | 1 week ago  Nintendo unveils the first-ever Fire Emblem title arriving for mobile devices in the form of Fire Emblem Heroes, allowing fans to take charge of their favorite warriors. A few years ago it seemed almost absurd that Nintendo would ever be releasing its games on mobile platforms, and yet here gamers are. With Super Mario Run marking the company’s second title aimed at mobile phone users, the firm has now pulled the curtain off of yet another major IP making its way to outside hardware in the form of Fire Emblem Heroes. Following news that both Fire Emblem and Animal Crossing would be making their way to mobile devices in the future, Nintendo has now shown off the debut installment of the Fire Emblem series on Android and iOS devices. Fire Emblem Heroes was formally announced during a recent Nintendo Direct presentation that focused on the Fire Emblem franchise. While fans of the IP were delighted to learn about a new entry in the series arriving for the Nintendo Switch in 2018 – as well as an update on the Fall 2017 release of Fire Emblem Warriors on Switch and New Nintendo 3DS – the primary focus of the showcase was placed on Heroes. As it turned out, this was for a good reason, as it was confirmed that the game is set to arrive on Android’s Google Play Store on February 2, 2017. Fans utilizing Apple products, however, have been left with an unspecified window of “coming soon”. Those hoping to catch the Fire Emblem Direct, featuring in-depth look at Fire Emblem Heroes, can do so below. Given that Super Mario Run launched on Apple’s App Store as a timed-exclusive, some may have thought that Nintendo would follow this trend with its future titles. While this clearly isn’t the case, it’s odd that the Big N doesn’t have a firm date in mind for the iOS launch of Fire Emblem Heroes – especially when the software’s Android arrival is just around the corner. Also unlike Super Mario Run, this iteration of FE will be free-to-play, although Nintendo didn’t specify just how that premise would play out. In the meantime, the aesthetics of the game running on a mobile device certainly make it appear as if it is a simpler version of the fan-favorite, turn-based RPG. Utilizing a smaller map that occupies the entirety of the screen, longstanding fans can at least find solace in the fact that their favorite heroes will be featured within the finished product in due time. Having said that, those hoping to secure their favorite Fire Emblem character sooner rather than later can head on over to the official Fire Emblem Heroes website to vote for the “hero” they want the opportunity to add to their team first. Fire Emblem Heroes arrives for Android on February 2, 2017 via the Google Play Store, with an iOS release said to be “coming soon”. tags: Android, Fire Emblem, Fire Emblem Heroes, iOS, Mobile, Nintendo Load Comments Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2017 WARP 10 LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology » Gaming ﻿ Nintendo's Android version of Super Mario Run to be launched in March By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 09:06 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Japan`s Nintendo has said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc`s iPhone in December. Announcing the launch date on its Twitter, Nintendo said that people can pre-register in Google Play. They will be notified when it launches. #SuperMarioRun will arrive on Android in March. You can pre-register in Google Play to be notified when it launches! https://t.co/u4H9bxVi9R pic.twitter.com/Hd5uzRcYcK — Nintendo of America (@NintendoAmerica) January 19, 2017 Super Mario Run represents a belated bid by Nintendo to tap mobile gaming after restricting its most popular gaming character to its own game consoles. After launching the game on December 15, downloads topped a record 40 million in just four days. By releasing an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of potential gamers. More than four out of five smartphones shipped in 2016 use the Android operating system, according to market research company IDC. Analysts, however, note that so far less than one in 10 people who have downloaded Super Mario Run for free have agreed to pay $9.99 to unlock all the features of the game. With Agency Inputs   First Published: Thursday, January 19, 2017 - 09:03 More from zeenews   India Fog adds to chill, 'Chillai Kalan' almost ends Goa Assembly elections: Manohar Parrikar to release BJP poll manifesto Train, air services disrupted due to fog in Delhi More from India World Japanese PM Shinzo Abe to meet US President Donald Trump in February Boat carrying 31 persons missing in Malaysia 45 killed in Madagascar as lorry falls into river More from World Sports Fan asks Shah Rukh Khan to describe MS Dhoni in one word! Here's SRK's brilliant answer Liverpool boss Jugren Klopp takes full responsibility for club's fourth round exit in FA Cup Big Bash League: Twenty20 event smashes viewership records of all time More from Sports Entertainment Sanjay Leela Bhansali finally opens up about attack on 'Padmavati' sets Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees', Hrithik Roshan starrer 'Kaabil' to release soon in Pakistan Bollywood actresses doing really good, feels 'Akira' Sonakshi Sinha More from Entertaiment Health Avoid these foods if you want to build muscles! Five things you should never do if you have UTI President Pranab Mukherjee launches Pulse Polio Programme More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed DNA: Exclusive talk with Akshay Kumar over his videos on social media PM Narendra Modi's speech at NCC rally in Delhi - Watch Ghaziabad: Elderly BJP leader stabbed to death Does freedom of speech allows you to make fun of history? Mortar shell found near Delhi's Vasant Kunj, NSG called in Pakistan may not qualify for 2019 Cricket World Cup: ICC Ravindra Jadeja, wife Reeva Solanki survive road accident: Report WATCH: MS Dhoni accurately predicts Joe Root's next step, stump mic captures all! Post-demonetisation, IT unearths one of the largest black money scam Fan asks Shah Rukh Khan to describe MS Dhoni in one word! Here's SRK's brilliant answer Related News China not to license Pokemon Go, similar games as it weighs security risks TAGS Nintendo Super Mario Run Android version Super Mario Run Mobile game Super Mario Run for Apple iPhone Nintendo Super Mario Run Photos Today feeling like a princess- Shilpa Shetty Kundra; All people smile in the same language- Nargis; Instagram- Sophie Choudry Hema Malini perform her classical dance; Rishi Kapoor releasing book Khullam Khulla; Wheel chair distribution in Bikaner 10 World's Healthiest Drinks Top Videos DNA: Exclusive talk with Akshay Kumar over his videos on social media PM Modi receives Guard of Honour from NCC cadets at rally in Delhi Does freedom of speech allows you to make fun of history? Filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali assaulted on Padmavati sets in Jaipur More from other Sections ICC official Giles Clarke urges 'caution' in bringing international cricket back to Pakistan Aus Open, mixed doubles final: Sania Mirza-Ivan Dodig stunned by Abigail Spears and Juan Sebastian Cabal Bigg Boss 10: Mandana Karimi tweets about Lopamudra Raut, Manu Punjabi Here's how Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' team plans to celebrate success World Leprosy Day 2017: Why we need to step up the fight against this health issue? Drug inflation leaves cancer patients in wobble: Study contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  Calendar  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 #1347, 21 Nov 16 #1346, 14 Nov 16 #1345, 07 Nov 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5 Final Cut Pro X 10.3.2, Compressor 4.3.1, and Motion 5.3.1 BusyCal 3.1.4 and BusyContacts 1.1.6 Mailplane 3.6.9 Boom 2 v1.5.2 Logic Pro X 10.3     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Watchlist | 18 Jan 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) Logic Pro X 10.3 by Agen G. N. Schmitz Apple has released Logic Pro X 10.3, a major new release for the professional audio app with an updated user interface and added support for the Touch Bar on the 2016 MacBook Pro. A new sharing option enables you to add new tracks to a Logic session from GarageBand for iOS on your iPhone or iPad (version 2.2 or later) after uploading a GarageBand-compatible version of a Logic project to iCloud. The update also adds a new region editing design that reveals the waveform for an entire audio file while trimming, eliminates a slight lag that occurred when record-enabling a track in the Mixer, offers true stereo panning for more control and discrete manipulation of stereo signals, enables you to import Music XML files, adds a new Recording page in the preferences window (with settings for Overlapping recordings, recording file type, and recording bit depth), enables you to write region-based automation to Apple Loops, improves Flex Pitch to reduce the potential for artifacts when setting notes to perfect pitch, and adds a number of keyboard commands. ($199.99 new in the Mac App Store, free update, 1.32 GB, release notes, 10.9+)   Smile makes tools so you can have a productive day. PDFpen: Massage your PDFs into shape on Mac, iPhone, and iPad. TextExpander: Automate typing on Mac, Windows (in beta), iPad, and iPhone. Free trials and friendly support. <http://smle.us/smile-tb>   Comments about Logic Pro X 10.3 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Major new release for the professional audio app with a refreshed user interface and support for the Touch Bar on the 2016 MacBook Pro. ($199.99 new, free update, 1.32 GB) Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Agen G. N. Schmitz TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Login Login Log In Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Register Forgotten Password Cancel Register For This Site A password will be e-mailed to you. Username E-mail Videos News Reviews Music U Q&A Style U Bio U Shop Photos Horoscope U Ask U Sports More Comedy U View U Rants U Travel Sundance 2017: Films Guaranteed To Find Buyers This Year - CANNES, FRANCE - MAY 14: Actress Salma Hayek attends a photocall for 'Il Racconto Dei Racconti' ('Tale of Tales') during the 68th annual Cannes Film Festival on May 14, 2015 in Cannes, France. (Photo by Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images) Full view CANNES, FRANCE - MAY 14: Actress Salma Hayek attends a photocall for 'Il Racconto Dei Racconti' ('Tale of Tales') during the 68th annual Cannes Film Festival on May 14, 2015 in Cannes, France. (Photo by Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images) Sundance 2017: Films Guaranteed To Find Buyers This Year    Hillary Luehring-Jones January 18, 2017January 18, 2017January 18, 2017Daily Digest, Home Featured, News, News Feed > This year’s Sundance film lineup is full of gems that are bound to be bought up by distributors. SUNDANCE HOTTEST FILMS TO WATCH While last year’s The Birth of a Nation went for $17.5 million, no movie this year should expect to go for that much. New players in the game are lining up to purchase films, from Annapurna Pictures and Neon, to even Facebook and Apple. “It will be a seller’s market for one or two films and a buyer’s market for everything else,” guesses Howard Cohen of Roadside Attractions, who was responsible for releasing Manchester by the Sea. A few films have already been picked up prior to the festival, including Casey Affleck‘s Manchester follow-up A Ghost Story (by A24), gay love story Call Me by Your Name (Sony Pictures Classic), Charlie McDowell‘s The Discovery, and doc Casting JonBenet (both by Netflix). Below are the eleven feature films and six documentaries that are sure to in a big price tag at the festival, running from Jan. 19 to Jan. 29. 78-52, by Alexandre Philippe. This doc reconstructs the Psycho shower scene, as told from the perspective of Norman Bates. Beatriz at Dinner, by Miguel Arteta. This follows a Mexican immigrant, played by Salma Hayak, as she is pitted against a billionaire, played by John Lithgow. The Big Stick, by Michael Showalter. This Judd Apatow produced romance follows the true-story love between Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani and The Carmichael Show writer Emily V. Gordon, as they maneuver their way between Nanjiani’s traditional Muslim parents and Gordon’s life-threatening disease. City of Ghosts, by Matthew Heineman. Heineman takes us into the middle east to examine ISIS and its resistance. His last film Cartel Land got an Oscar nom and Emmy award. Fun Mom Diner, by Alethea Jones. This comedy follows Katie Aselton, Toni Collette, Bridget Everett, and Molly Shannon as four moms whose girls’ night takes an unexpected turn. Icarus, by Bryan Fogel. The inside story of the Russian Olympic doping scandal. Landline, by Gillian Robespierre. A comedy set in pre-cellphone days of the 90s, starring Jenny Slate, John Turturro, Edie Falco, Abby Quinn, Jay Duplass, and Finn Wittrock. Long Strange Trip, by Amir Bar-Lev. A doc about The Grateful Dead, featuring never-before-seen interviews and footage. Mudbound, by Dee Rees. A follow-up to Rees’ Pariah, this film is set in the post-WWII South, a black and white family go up against the country’s social hierarchy. Stars include Carey Mulligan, Jason Clarke, Mary J. Blige, Rob Morgan, Jason Mitchell, and Garrett Hedlund. The New Radical, by Adam Bhala Lough. This documentary explores millennials who use high tech to attack and change the political landscape. Newness, by Drake Doremus. Drama about millennials, dating apps, and hookup culture. Exec produced by Ridley Scott. Novitiate, by Maggie Betts. Margaret Qualley stars as a young girl from a secular Tennessee family who joins a convent in the 1950s. The Polka King, by Mary Forbes and Wally Wolodarsky. Jack Black stars in this offbeat film as Jan Lewan, Polish immigrant who created a polka Ponzi scheme. Rebel in the Rye, by Danny Strong. This drama follows author J.D. Salinger as he develops his classic The Catcher in the Rye. Stars Nicholas Hoult, Kevin Sacey, Sarah Paulson, Zoey Deutch, Hope Davis, and Victor Garber. Step, by Amanda Lipitz. This film follows a group of African-American women in Baltimore who use dance to help their daughters get into better colleges. Sundance programming director Trevor Groth thinks it could win the Audience Award. Wind River, by Taylor Sheridan. Jeremy Renner plays a fish and game employee who comes across the body of a teenage girl. The Yellow Birds, by Alexandre Moors. This film follows 21-year-old Bartle (Alden Ehrenreich) and 18-year-old Murph (Tye Sheridan) as they train for war in Iraq. Possibly one of the festival’s most anticipated. Featured articles on uSports.org Blackhawks Great Stan Mikita To Miss NHL’s Top 100 Ceremony Due To Suspected Dementia 28 January 2017 Russell Westbrook Mocks Charles Barkley’s Fashion Style 27 January 2017 Browns Considering Draft Prospects Beyond Deshaun Watson, Myles Garrett 27 January 2017 Jarvis Landry Beats Out Odell Beckham Jr., Alex Smith In Pro Bowl Skills Great Hands Challenge 27 January 2017 Barcelona Reach Copa Del Rey Semifinal With 5-2 Win Over Real Sociedad 27 January 2017 Duke Coach Krzyzewski Bans Own Players From Locker Room And From Wearing Blue Devils Apparel 27 January 2017 Rafael Nadal Wins Australian Open 2017 Semifinal To Meet Roger Federer In Final 27 January 2017 Jason Day Excited For Tiger Woods’ Return To PGA Tour Play At Farmer Insurance Open 26 January 2017 Ravens’ Justin Tucker Makes 75-Yard Field Goal At Pro Bowl Practice 26 January 2017 Article by Hillary Luehring-Jones Get the free uInterview mobile app for the latest celebrity news and videos iPhone Android Read more about: Sundance RELATED ARTICLES Malia Obama Attends Sundance Film Festival Christine Chubbuck, Reporter Who Committed Suicide On Air, Subject Of Two Sundance Films  ‘The Birth of a Nation’ Premieres At Sundance, Sets Sales Record Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Featured on uSports.org Blackhawks Great Stan Mikita To Miss NHL’s Top 100 Ceremony Due To Suspected Dementia 28 January 2017 Russell Westbrook Mocks Charles Barkley’s Fashion Style 27 January 2017 Browns Considering Draft Prospects Beyond Deshaun Watson, Myles Garrett 27 January 2017 Jarvis Landry Beats Out Odell Beckham Jr., Alex Smith In Pro Bowl Skills Great Hands Challenge 27 January 2017 Barcelona Reach Copa Del Rey Semifinal With 5-2 Win Over Real Sociedad 27 January 2017 Duke Coach Krzyzewski Bans Own Players From Locker Room And From Wearing Blue Devils Apparel 27 January 2017 Rafael Nadal Wins Australian Open 2017 Semifinal To Meet Roger Federer In Final 27 January 2017 Jason Day Excited For Tiger Woods’ Return To PGA Tour Play At Farmer Insurance Open 26 January 2017 Ravens’ Justin Tucker Makes 75-Yard Field Goal At Pro Bowl Practice 26 January 2017 Join the uInterview community by following us on social media and downloading our mobile apps. Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter to get updates from our website SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Partners Recent Posts Barbara Hale, ‘Perry Mason’ Star, Dies At 94 Judy Garland’s Remains Moved To Los Angeles John Hurt, ‘Harry Potter’ & ‘Doctor Who’ Star, Dies At 77 Will Megyn Kelly Replace Savannah Guthrie On ‘Today Show’? When Are 2017 SAG Awards? Who’s Nominated? Queen Elizabeth Visits Fijian Exhibition, Greeted By Shirtless Wariors ‘Mass Effect: Andromeda’ Film Based On The Successful Video Games In The Works ‘The Vampire Diaries” Nina Dobrev To Return For Series Finale ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ Is Coming To Broadway With Music By Elton John Tiffany Trump Registered To Vote In 2 States, Despite What Kellyanne Conway Says Popular Posts John Hurt, ‘Harry Potter’ & ‘Doctor Who’ Star, Dies At 77 ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ Is Coming To Broadway With Music By Elton John Mary Tyler Moore, Acting Legend, Dies At Age 80 Oscar Nominations 2017: ‘La La Land’ Ties All-Time Record For Most Noms With 14 Chelsea Clinton Tweet Defends Barron Trump, Slams Donald Trump’s Policies © 2017 uInterview, Inc. Editor’s Note Masthead Advertise Contact Privacy Terms UGC Video Production uInterviewTV Pre-roll Marketplace uSports ×Close Subscribe! Subscribe to the uInterview Cheat Sheet for the latest insider entertainment news! Win Prizes Weekly Exclusively For Cheat Sheet Subscribers!
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Gaming Super Mario Run jumps to Android in March Super Mario Run jumps to Android in March The popular smartphone game hits Android devices three months after its iOS debut. Gaming by Steven Musil January 18, 2017 5:10 PM PST @stevenmusil Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Enlarge Image Great news, Android owners! Super Mario Run is coming in March. Sarah Tew/CNET The wildly popular Super Mario Run smartphone game will be available for play on Android devices in March, Nintendo said Wednesday in a tweet. The release comes three months after Super Mario Run, Nintendo's first-ever smartphone game, was launched on iOS in December. The game was an instant hit with Apple device users, racking up 40 million downloads in its first four days to become the fastest-selling iOS game in the history of the App Store. The game lets users navigate Mario the plumber through a variety of familiar-looking levels, grabbing as many coins and power-ups as possible along the way. The game is free to download, but players who want to progress beyond the third level will have to pay $10 to unlock the rest of the game. Nintendo on Wednesday also announced that its next mobile game, Fire Emblem: Heroes, would debut at the Google Play store and Apple's App Store on Feb. 2, Unlike Super Mario Run, however, Fire Emblem: Heroes is a turn-based tactical role-playing game, with two kingdoms pitted against one another in a battle. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Gaming Phones Nintendo CNET First Take Super Mario Run Nintendo's first phone game makes a few strange decisions, but it's mostly great stuff. $9.99 See it Related Stories How to preorder the Nintendo Switch Puzzle game Myst finally appears on Android phones Prosthetic limb maker wants you to really feel VR 'Mix and match' makes many kinds of Magic: The Gathering Close   Discuss: Super Mario Run jumps to Android in March Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) What's new in iOS 10.3? The best new features coming to your iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch with the latest iOS update. by Vanessa Hand Orellana 2:08 Samsung Galaxy S8 details might have leaked In this week's wrap-up, Samsung explains what caused its Note 7 fiasco. However, that news may have been overshadowed by a leak about Samsung's next flagship phone. by Iyaz Akhtar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nintendo says to launch Super Mario Run Android version in March By Reuters Published: 21:39 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 21:39 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail TOKYO, Jan 19 (Reuters) - Japan's Nintendo said it will release an Android version of its Super Mario mobile game in March following the launch of Super Mario Run for Apple Inc's iPhone in December. The Japanese company announced the planned launch on its Twitter feed. Super Mario Run represents a belated bid by Nintendo to tap mobile gaming after restricting its most popular gaming character to its own game consoles. After launching the game on Dec. 15, downloads topped a record 40 million in just four days. By releasing an Android version, Nintendo can tap a much larger pool of potential gamers. More than four out of five smartphones shipped in 2016 use the Android operating system, according to market research company IDC. Analysts, however, note that so far less than one in 10 people who have downloaded Super Mario Run for free have agreed to pay $9.99 to unlock all the features of the game. Nintendo's shares were trading 1.1 percent lower during morning trading in Tokyo, compared with a 1 percent gain in the benchmark Nikkei 225 index. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Tim Kelly; Editing by Michael Perry and Kim Coghill) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I found a bench and made my bed': Gail Porter reveals she was forced to sleep outdoors and now lives off just £200 a month... after being declared bankrupt The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner These boots are made for partying! Michelle Keegan cuts a stunning figure in clinging cream mini-dress and thigh-high boots for night on the town  'I'm lucky to have conceived naturally at 44': Geri Horner reveals delight in smooth delivery of son Montague... and admits she won't be a 'fanatic' about losing baby weight 'It's the reason we split!': Katie Price's ex-fiance Leandro Penna claims 'he ended their engagement after she bedded Simon Cowell... despite glamour model's firm denials'  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Off to the races! Karolina Kurkova shows off curves in form-fitting cream dress and  big floppy hat at  Pegasus World Cup Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honouring late father Alan 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top Shake It Up actress shared risque photos  Star power: Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Bali beauty! The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon  Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots Is Vince Colosimo wondering 'What if?' as I'm a Celebrity...kicks off without him after claims the actor was 'pulled' from the cast last minute due to drugs charges Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks...but using the 'N word' was a dangerous step backwards in Taboo, by Jim Shelley Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet  'He's a hypocrite': Calum Best put up for eviction by Jedward... as they battle against Kim Woodburn, Nicola McLean and Jamie O'Hara to stay in the CBB house Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica 'Another day in paradise': Bronzed beauty Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her hard-earned abs in a bright orange bikini on holiday in Abu Dhabi Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Jennifer Metcalfe steps out with boyfriend Greg Lake... after his ex-Geordie Shore co-star Gaz Beadle's cringey tweet about the Hollyoaks actress' relationship with Duncan James She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Chairlift for two? The Jump's Spencer Matthews and Vogue Williams put on a VERY cosy display as they hit the ski slopes 'I was numb to all the bullsh*t': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event A vision in white! Kaley Cuoco wows in embellished mini dress for Entertainment Weekly bash Sadie Frost goes casual in joggers while cosying up to multi-millionaire beau Darren Strowger... as they join Jo Wood and her on-off boyfriend at glitzy birthday bash His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 Pregnant star released a moving statement So didn't anyone tell Alesha Dixon it was Britain's Got Talent's 'bring your dog to work' day? ...or has she hidden one inside those giant flares?  Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Displayed her perfect curves Gaz Beadle's stunning girlfriend Emma McVey flashes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as the pair enjoy a romantic date night in Manchester Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants  Funny guy Justin Timberlake photobombs John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Producers Guild Awards The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Hilary Duff makes red carpet debut with new beau Matthew Koma at Hollywood bash Sizzling snow bunnies! Vogue Williams, Lydia Bright and Josie Gibson dazzle in vibrant ski suits in the first official stills from The Jump Blonde beauties dazzle 'They are not realistic or even attractive': Jedward slam Nicola McLean's BOOBS after she scolded them for walking in on her changing in the CBB house 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage on Desert Island Discs Getting a grip on things? Georgia May Foote enjoys a PDA packed frolic on the beach in Los Angeles with shirtless boyfriend George Alsford From yachts, mansions and parties to an AVO: Entertainment entrepreneur Ron Creevey has order taken out against him by wife Danielle She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica GIRL ABOUT TOWN: 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris The 20-year-old model hid behind a scarf What a pro! Justin Bieber shoots goal for his team at NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout honouring Alan Thicke The 21-year-old pop star hit the ice Monochrome mayhem! Alesha Dixon flashes her taut tummy and cleavage in a sassy tonal coord at Britain's Got Talent auditions in London Scarlett Moffatt flaunts enviably slender figure in slinky top and skinny jeans on glamorous girls' night... after making presenting debut at the NTAs Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in NYC Puppy love! Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Ant & Dec cuddle up to their pet pooches as they arrive at first audition for Britain's Got Talent 2017 Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch Left little to the imagination She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Anthony Joshua punching above his weight? Heavyweight champion only owns a minority share in his new 'passion project' gym New channel, same old problem...The mentors are better than on the BBC. But ITV is finding improving the contestants rather harder on The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Newly-engaged Pixie Lott oozes androgynous chic in black pantsuit as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire at Dolce and Gabbana show in Milan White hot! Amanda Holden oozes sex appeal as she shows off her sensational legs while lounging around during Britain's Got Talent audition break Heather Mills, 49, shows off her sensational figure in a plunging white mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria 'A few drinks in Scotland!': Pete Wicks enjoys solo weekend away from girlfriend Megan McKenna... following their blazing row at the NTAs All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Strutted along the boardwalk  Sharon Osbourne 'negotiates £2million deal to return to X Factor this year... despite not finalising commitments for US show The Talk' Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison CBB's Coleen Nolan breaks down in tears as she discovers son Shane Richie Jr. has taken her surname in show of support during marriage woes Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at fundraiser after romantic honeymoon Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters Expanding career with epic new role Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Boris takes a leaf out of Churchill's book by posing in a bath (but unlike Sir Winston, the Foreign Secretary kept his clothes on) 'I want another baby!' Emily MacDonagh reveals plans to add to brood with husband Peter Andre... as he admits he 'doesn't mind practicing' New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from the Sundance Film Festival  Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Make-up free Sam Faiers looks worlds away from her usual glamorous self as she goes low-key in workout gear after a gym session Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out with Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer 'She's fuming!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry shoots daggers as ex Marty McKenna swears at her during yet ANOTHER explosive spat in nightclub Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe 'We're basically in a relationship!' Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara declare themselves 'official' on CBB... before laughing about her boyfriend on the outside Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 'Stop Crying, we're in Woolies': Guy Sebastian shares video of wife Jules sobbing in the supermarket after watching Lion Affected audience 'F*** you! I'm not your buddy': CBB's Calum Best bites back as Jedward's John Grimes launches a scathing attack on him and Nicola McLean  Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Is Tom Arnold the latest star to join I'm A Celebrity....? The Hollywood actor has dropped MAJOR hints that he's headed for the jungle Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Jemma Lucy flaunts her assets in black tracksuit as she steps out with leggy gal pal Chantelle Connelly in Manchester... after THAT raunchy naked photoshoot Judgement day! Vanessa Feltz will enter the Celebrity Big Brother house this weekend... and is set to bring trouble with her for Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Turf war rocks racing as Queen's friend slams The Jockey Club over controversial plans to sell off Kempton Park for housing  Retired jockey AP McCoy's wife Chanelle puts on a sizzling display in skimpy white bikini as couple continue sun-drenched Barbados getaway Jamaican me crazy! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock displays her amazing gym-honed figure in a blue bikini for sultry beach shoot Causing a stir Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Michelle Heaton flaunts her sculpted arms in halterneck top as she takes sweet daughter Faith to Lego Batman Movie screening Jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots: Jessica Hart reveals the tough life of modelling as she admits to owning at least 100 bikinis Not as easy as it seems Kate Fischer being paid to drop pounds? The model has 'signed a magazine deal' to lose 20 kilos after calling herself 'morbidly obese' Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as romance between ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her toned figure as she poses completely NAKED before slipping into studded bikini in raunchy X-rated photoshoot That's a wrap! Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson brace themselves against the January chill as they shoot Poldark season three on the windswept Welsh moors    Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'Couple goals': The Bachelor's Richie Strahan shares a VERY loved-up video with bikini-clad Alex Nation as the pair recap stunning Coral Bay trip  Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezing in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Australian model Jessica Hart appears to undergo controversial -129 degree cryotherapy healing treatment  after admitting to jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Spent sunny day out and about in Los Angeles Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Adrienne Bailon is a ray of sunshine in bright yellow dress with thigh high slit at NAACP Image Awards Nominees Luncheon 'I look in the mirror each morning for signs of extra manliness and then I see it': David Campbell pens a hilarious column about growing a beard The Price is right: 2GB shock-jock Steve Price, 62, CONFIRMED for I'm A Celebrity...Get me out of here! And he wants to be 'in charge' Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys blossoming friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE her fiance as she hugs model Karlie Kloss after winning the Australian Open  Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Is Lara Bingle coming back home? Speculation mounts the former model is arriving in Australia this week from New York for the first time with her two sons  'Not a day goes by that he does not make me laugh': Jesinta Campbell gushes over husband buddy Franklin following their secret nuptials She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' Actor, 45, played Don Draper on hit show DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event 'You have to laugh or it'll get you down': Casey Batchelor hits back at cruel trolls who brand her natural 32F breasts 'fake and ugly' Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Like mother like daughter! Rebecca Judd gushes over her lookalike daughter Billie, two, taking a picture of her doll on toy phone Adorable images Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'She's moved on in': The Bachelor's Kiki Morris moves in with boyfriend Jeremy Banks, before fueling rumours she'll appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Met Out Of Here! 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night 'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' That's not Summer Bay! Home and Away's Pia Miller and shirtless beau Tyson Mullane take lover's stroll along Bondi Beach She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her impossibly youthful complexion and famous  'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RocketNews24 Bringing you yesterday's news from Japan and Asia, today. RocketNews24 Japanese TOP » Japan » Piko Taro to perform in legendary Budokan arena, sadly the musician who plays Piko Taro will not Featured Weird Studio Ghibli Jobs Piko Taro to perform in legendary Budokan arena, sadly the musician who plays Piko Taro will not Master Blaster Jan 19, 2017 Tweet Piko Taro is the creation of a real musician with real talent named Kosaka Daimao, but unfortunately for him, Piko will be the one playing the Budokan this March. Tokyo’s Nippon Budokan was built in 1964 as a venue for judo during the Olympics of that year. Shortly after, and with a fair degree of resistance from conservatives, The Beatles christened the arena as a pop music venue by performing there. Throughout the 70s it attracted top names such as Bob Dylan, Cheap Trick, Eric Clapton, and Diana Ross, many of whom recorded some of their best live albums there. Even as the seventies came to a close, top acts from all musical genres continued to perform there like Quincy Jones, Yngwie Malmsteem, Duran Duran, Perfume, and Mariah Carey. With such an eclectic range of artists, there are sure to be some acts that would make people from certain corners of musical taste scoff, but we can all agree that those who perform here have all made their mark on music in one way or another. This brings us to Piko Taro, who skyrocketed to stardom a few months back with his hit song “Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen (PPAP).” On 18 January it was learned that Piko Taro would be performing at the Budokan on 6 March. He will be one of many performers scheduled to appear on behalf of telecom company, Y! Mobile, celebrating their 2017 Spring line-up of products. No full list of the other acts has been made public yet, but if they’re on the same level as Piko Taro we might expect the person who sings “by Mennen” at the end of Speed Stick commercials and Keyboard Cat. Sorry, I kid because I always saw PPAP as more of a goof than an actual song. However, this is not to knock Piko Taro – or rather Kosaka Daimaou (born Kazuhito Kosaka) as he was known before all this. In all the PPAP hysteria it is easy to lose track of the fact that there is an actual musician with genuine talent under all that leopard print and schtick. Here’s a commercial Kosaka did with Kotori Shigemoto and Mitsuhiro Hidaka for 7-Eleven a few years back. Kosaka is the guy in the red jacket. It’s brief but gives you a good taste of his beats. And here’s a full song with a backing band called Raincoat. Stick with it, because it’s pretty catchy and it’ll take a minute or two for the Piko Taro image to fade away. It really makes you wonder how he feels about all the apples and pens these days. I guess its great to be famous, but I have to imagine he would have preferred it to have been under different circumstances. He certainly seems to be embracing the novelty of PPAP and is wisely milking all the endorsements and Sesame Street cameos that comes with it. But when he slaps on that fake perm skullcap and pencils in his mustache just before stepping out on stage at the famed Budokan, an urge to play “Raincoat” or “Nebuta Rave” would have to run through his head at least once, wouldn’t it? Source: YouTube/Daimao Project, Yahoo! Japan News (Japanese) Top image: YouTube/Daimao Project Inset image: Wikipedia/Morio Rate this: Like this: Like Loading... Japan (Budokan • Kosaka Daimaou • music • pen pineapple apple pen • piko taro • ppap • video) Related Stories Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen singer makes shocking claim about how much money the song has earned him Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen singer accidentally gives epic stink eye to rival Japanese musician Piko Taro performs new “Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen” extended version at Foreign Correspondents’ Club Piko Taro stops by Sesame Street to help Elmo and Cookie Monster with their version of PPAP【Vid】 Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen singer barks like a mad dog in music video for newest song【Video】 powered by newzia connect Pikachu cosmetic compacts have an awesome surprise waiting inside Japanese confectionery giant Glico adds three new flavours to their regional Pocky range Comments () Trackbacks (0) Leave a Reply Trackbacks There are no trackbacks yet. Trackback URL Trending Now ANGEL LIBRARY in Kyoto, a hidden underground cafe that you need a special code to enter 【Pics】 22views Japan travel bucket list: top places to visit in each prefecture before you die【Part II】 15views Residents of Karatsu City struggle to vote when two candidates have exactly the same name 13views Japanese fashion fans and fan artists go gaga for sexy “virgin-killing sweater” 10views Moon Prism Power Makeup — with actual base and foundation from Shiseido Maquillage! 7views Japan travel bucket list: top places to visit in each prefecture before you die【Part I】 4views Narita Airport shuttle buses – Cheaper than the train, but which bus is best? 4views Anime Your Name’s English subtitles struggle to show difference between “I” and “I” in Japanese 4views We investigate Tokyo’s most haunted spot, Kohoku Bridge 4views Sakura 2017: Japan Meteorological Corporation releases first national cherry blossom forecast 3views Pikachu cosmetic compacts have an awesome surprise waiting inside Japanese confectionery giant Glico adds three new flavours to their regional Pocky range MOST POPULAR Now Weekly Monthly Yearly Now ANGEL LIBRARY in Kyoto, a hidden underground cafe that you need a special code to enter 【Pics】1 Japan travel bucket list: top places to visit in each prefecture before you die【Part II】2 Residents of Karatsu City struggle to vote when two candidates have exactly the same name3 Japanese fashion fans and fan artists go gaga for sexy “virgin-killing sweater”4 Moon Prism Power Makeup — with actual base and foundation from Shiseido Maquillage!5 Japan travel bucket list: top places to visit in each prefecture before you die【Part I】6 Narita Airport shuttle buses – Cheaper than the train, but which bus is best?7 Anime Your Name’s English subtitles struggle to show difference between “I” and “I” in Japanese8 We investigate Tokyo’s most haunted spot, Kohoku Bridge9 Sakura 2017: Japan Meteorological Corporation releases first national cherry blossom forecast10 Weekly Anime artist dad turns young sons’ sketches into awesome animation character designs1 Forget maid cafes! Lift weights and get jacked with cute girls at a MAID GYM instead【Video】2 Japanese gaming chair is blowing up on online retail sites and Twitter3 Japanese fashion fans and fan artists go gaga for sexy “virgin-killing sweater”4 Anime Your Name’s English subtitles struggle to show difference between “I” and “I” in Japanese5 Japan travel bucket list: top places to visit in each prefecture before you die【Part I】6 Japanese head chef gets bored, cuts daikon radish into seemingly impossible chain pattern 【Video】7 National Garden employee says he let 160,000 foreigners in for free because he was scared of them8 Chart showing Thailand’s 18 genders challenges the idea that there is only “male” and “female”9 Japanese government looking for people to join new official “Your Name” anime pilgrimage tour10 Monthly Anime artist dad turns young sons’ sketches into awesome animation character designs1 Permanent residency in Japan now possible after just one year2 Forget maid cafes! Lift weights and get jacked with cute girls at a MAID GYM instead【Video】3 “Nurse Goldfish” in Hokkaido amazingly appears to help disabled friend eat every time4 Japanese gaming chair is blowing up on online retail sites and Twitter5 Skip the peace sign – Security researcher cautions against striking Japan’s favorite picture pose6 Japanese fashion fans and fan artists go gaga for sexy “virgin-killing sweater”7 Sakura 2017: Japan Meteorological Corporation releases first national cherry blossom forecast8 Kodansha Manga Magazine Editor Arrested for Wife’s Murder (Updated)9 Anime Your Name’s English subtitles struggle to show difference between “I” and “I” in Japanese10 Yearly Donald Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump reportedly to be appointed next ambassador to Japan1 Japanese fan blown away by J.K. Rowling’s reaction to his Harry Potter/Fantastic Beasts drawing2 Ryuk from Death Note performs Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen in official release video3 Anime artist dad turns young sons’ sketches into awesome animation character designs4 Permanent residency in Japan now possible after just one year5 Japanese mayor pledges to open onsen amusement park if this hilarious video gets a million views6 One-finger selfie challenge is the boldest Internet craze yet7 Forget maid cafes! Lift weights and get jacked with cute girls at a MAID GYM instead【Video】8 Tokyo’s Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen Cafe is now open, and we stopped by for a PPAP meal!9 15 times when Japanese cosplayers forgot part of their costumes and found genius solutions【Pics】10 RECOMMENDED STORIES Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen cafe set to open in Tokyo for a limited time! Japanese singer wishes fans a Happy New Year with traditional version of Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen “I Like Orange Juice!” Piko Taro releases new single that’s just as ridiculous as PPAP 【Video】 【Lucky Bag Roundup 2017】PPAP inspires a pineapple fukubukuro from Loft Tokyo’s Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen Cafe is now open, and we stopped by for a PPAP meal! Could Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen be the start of a new form of workplace harassment in Japan? Donald Trump’s granddaughter performs cover of Japan’s “Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen” 【Video】 New “Love Dance” takes Japan by storm, thanks to a Japanese drama and a handsome J-Pop star Modern concerto fuses classical music and ping-pong for an epic performance【Video】 Kids react to Pen Pineapple Apple Pen music video 【Video】 Catchy tune “Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen” takes the world by storm Japanese pianist stuns us with faithful representation of Mario Kart music and sound effects This ultimate Zelda piano medley will blow your mind, or at least get stuck in your head “Come on Hammy, time for walkies!” Old man attempts to walk hamster on leash in Tokyo 【Video】 Want to see anime singer Hironobu Kageyama, or rising idol Azusa Todokoro, perform live? 【Event】 CategoriesCategories Select Category Africa  (36) Anime & Manga  (192) Art  (67) Australia  (33) C America  (11) C Asia  (20) Canada  (49) Cats  (73) China  (1,502) Culture  (186) Cute  (192) Entertainment  (256) Europe  (351) FN24  (1) Food & Drink  (298) Games & Tech  (169) Global  (1,262) India  (5) Internet  (3,009) Italy  (10) Japan  (16,244) Korea  (503) Lifestyle  (76) Mexico  (1) Music  (11) N Asia  (9) New Zealand  (8) News  (63) North Korea  (77) Oceania  (11) Russia  (93) S America  (36) S Asia  (74) SE Asia  (433) Space  (3) Taiwan  (260) Uncategorized  (19) USA  (724) W Asia  (28) Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (241) December 2016  (271) November 2016  (276) October 2016  (319) September 2016  (413) August 2016  (361) July 2016  (388) June 2016  (388) May 2016  (324) April 2016  (354) March 2016  (424) February 2016  (395) January 2016  (384) December 2015  (378) November 2015  (393) October 2015  (452) September 2015  (451) August 2015  (396) July 2015  (440) June 2015  (439) May 2015  (397) April 2015  (410) March 2015  (421) February 2015  (427) January 2015  (448) December 2014  (414) November 2014  (428) October 2014  (468) September 2014  (409) August 2014  (435) July 2014  (403) June 2014  (446) May 2014  (448) April 2014  (441) March 2014  (433) February 2014  (383) January 2014  (366) December 2013  (320) November 2013  (349) October 2013  (357) September 2013  (317) August 2013  (359) July 2013  (314) June 2013  (324) May 2013  (337) April 2013  (258) March 2013  (235) February 2013  (166) January 2013  (194) December 2012  (203) November 2012  (241) October 2012  (252) September 2012  (201) August 2012  (163) July 2012  (113) June 2012  (107) May 2012  (100) April 2012  (100) March 2012  (92) February 2012  (65) January 2012  (59) December 2011  (50) November 2011  (44) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (19) August 2011  (16) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (29) May 2011  (27) April 2011  (37) March 2011  (27) February 2011  (3) December 2010  (2) November 2010  (1) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (1) Follow via email Enter your email address to follow RocketNews24 and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 365,964 other followers Featured Partners Buzzfeed GIZMODO Japan Today Foodbeast Weird Asia News Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen cafe set to open in Tokyo for a limited time! Japanese singer wishes fans a Happy New Year with traditional version of Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen Follow RocketNews24 Follow @RocketNews24En About Us | Jobs | Contact | Contribution | Partner with US © RocketNews24 / SOCIO CORPORATION About Us | Jobs | Contact | Contribution | Post to Cancel %d bloggers like this:
Former Channel 3 News reporter to be on reality TV show - WCAX.COM Local Vermont News, Weather and Sports- Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Mitten Tree 2016 WCAX Investigates The :30 Super Seniors Recipes & Food Buy Vermont First Contact Us TV Listings Made in Vermont HealthWatch 3-Minute Wrap You Can Quote Me State and National News News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Ski and Board Report WCAX Weather Hourly-Forecast Weather Features Frequently Asked Weather Questions Astronomy WCAX Weather Team Friday Football Frenzy WCAX Hole-in-One Club WCAX Sports Team Meet the Monsters Parking Lot Everything Animals Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Former Channel 3 News reporter to be on reality TV show Posted: Wednesday, January 18, 2017 9:39 PM EST Updated: Friday, January 20, 2017 5:00 PM EST By WCAX News BioEmail Connect Biography news@wcax.com Follow @WCAX BURLINGTON, Vt. - Big news for a former member of the Channel 3 News team. Alex Apple is about to be on a reality TV show. It's called "Stranded with a Million Dollars." Alex was one of 10 strangers shipped to a tropical island with nothing but the clothes on their backs and $1 million. They can use the money to buy supplies, but the more they spend, the less the winner will have at the end. Alex filmed the show last year while he was still here at WCAX. The debut episode is February 21 on MTV. Local NewsMore>> Lake Placid arena's 'Miracle on Ice' scoreboard coming down Lake Placid arena's 'Miracle on Ice' scoreboard coming down The scoreboard flashing results during the 1980 U.S. men's hockey team's "Miracle on Ice" run to Olympic glory is being replaced. The scoreboard flashing results during the 1980 U.S. men's hockey team's "Miracle on Ice" run to Olympic glory is being replaced. Vigil in Rutland supporting Syrian refugees Vigil in Rutland supporting Syrian refugees Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 7:26 PM EST2017-01-29 00:26:13 GMT Hundreds of resettlement advocates made their voices heard Saturday over the recent ban imposed by President Trump. More than 300 community members gather in Rutland to express their frustrations through signage, song, and speech. Hundreds of resettlement advocates made their voices heard Saturday over the recent ban imposed by President Trump. More than 300 community members gather in Rutland to express their frustrations through signage, song, and speech. Oil pipeline protest in Plattsburgh Oil pipeline protest in Plattsburgh Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 7:23 PM EST2017-01-29 00:23:18 GMT Several dozen people joined a rally in Plattsburgh Saturday to speak out against the Dakota Access Pipeline which was given new life this week by President Trump. Several dozen people joined a rally in Plattsburgh Saturday to speak out against the Dakota Access Pipeline which was given new life this week by President Trump. Police: college student dies in fall from bridge Police: college student dies in fall from bridge Police in the New Hampshire town of Holderness say a 20-year-old college student is dead after a fall from a bridge. Police in the New Hampshire town of Holderness say a 20-year-old college student is dead after a fall from a bridge. Vermont snow goose hunt March 11-April 28 Vermont snow goose hunt March 11-April 28 Vermont and seven other states are offering snow goose hunts this spring to reduce the ever-growing population of geese that officials say is harming habitat. Vermont and seven other states are offering snow goose hunts this spring to reduce the ever-growing population of geese that officials say is harming habitat. Community groups across Vermont receive program grants Community groups across Vermont receive program grants The Vermont Community Foundation is helping fund a variety of community programs across the state as varied as parenting programs to helping deliver meals to hospice patients. The Vermont Community Foundation is helping fund a variety of community programs across the state as varied as parenting programs to helping deliver meals to hospice patients. More than 90 N.H. Guardsmen returning home More than 90 N.H. Guardsmen returning home More than 90 soldiers from New Hampshire National Guard's 197th Field Artillery Brigade are returning home after a year in the Middle East. More than 90 soldiers from New Hampshire National Guard's 197th Field Artillery Brigade are returning home after a year in the Middle East. Snowmobilers can roam Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont Snowmobilers can roam Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont Snowmobilers from across northern New England are able to enjoy the adjoining states this weekend without having to register their sleds in the other states. Snowmobilers from across northern New England are able to enjoy the adjoining states this weekend without having to register their sleds in the other states. News Local News Business HealthWatch RSS Feeds The :30 You Can Quote Me News 3 Scripts WCAX News Team Sports News WCAX Sports Team Weather Weather Features WCAX Weather Team School Closings Skywatch WCAX Weather App Featured Videos Recipes Made In Vermont Super Seniors Vermont Real Estate Community Meet The Monsters Quick Links Info Center School Closings Video Requests RSS Feeds jumponit Facebook WCAX iPhone App WCAX Stream jumponit iPhone App Contact Us Jobs Across The Fence FCC Public Folder WCAX-TV PO Box 4508 Burlington, VT 05406-4508 Primary Phone: 802-652-6300 Primary email: channel3@wcax.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WCAX. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Dow 30 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Nasdaq 5,660.78 5.61 (0.10%) What you should really know about every major hacking story Rob Pegoraro Contributing Editor Yahoo FinanceJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share You can actually protect yourself against cyber attacks.More The way we talk about cybersecurity is a mess. Even as Russian hackers and ransomware attacks continue to make headlines, the media coverage can’t seem to get past a level of vagueness that invites readers to throw their hands up in frustration. The payback: learned helplessness that stops us from dealing with the problem. President-elect Donald J. Trump’s erratic public statements — last summer’s invitation to Russia to hack Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton, last fall’s glib debate comments about “the cyber” and his suggestion at last week’s press conference that it was the Democratic National Committee’s fault for getting hacked — haven’t helped. But this isn’t just Trump’s fault. Mass-media coverage continues to leave readers under-informed about what happened, as well as why and what they should do when a new cyber attack is uncovered. Sometimes it’s just wrong. The Washington Post first trumpeted a scoop that Russian hackers had breached a Vermont electric utility’s systems, then rushed to correct the story, reporting that Russians weren’t involved and there might not have been any hacking. All of this can leave readers and listeners feeling confused, disempowered or worse. We’re not all doomed In his recent role as cybersecurity commentator, Trump told reporters at a New Year’s Eve party at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida that “no computer is safe.” He suggested that if you want information sent securely, you should have a courier hand-deliver it. The president-elect has company in that view. I see it all the time in comments here when I write about cybersecurity. And computing professionals spend so much time arguing that any one security scheme is fatally flawed that Facebook (FB) chief security officer Alex Stamos calls this nothing-is-safe mindset “security nihilism.” Trump hasn’t always felt that way about computer security. Last February, he called for a boycott of Apple (AAPL) if it wouldn’t unlock the iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. Less than two months later, the FBI announced that it had gotten into the phone anyway. (Bizarre subsequent plot twist: The company reported to have done that work for the FBI, the Israeli firm Cellebrite, itself admitted last week that hackers had breached one of its servers to extract customer data. So you should also suspect claims of bulletproof security.) Hacks don’t just happen Stories about hacking incidents too often offer near-zero details on what actually happened. A data breach was discovered, somebody’s email account was compromised, a social-media account was commandeered, ransomware locks up an organization’s system — we’re only told those things took place but not how. It’s as if an article about a robbery didn’t include how the thieves took the goods. In cybersecurity, this tendency to shy away from details is compounded by the reluctance of victimized organizations to document what went wrong. “Companies or victims far too often revert to silence that enables criminals to continue to proliferate,” commented Alex Rice, founder and chief technical officer of the security firm HackerOne. Social engineering is distinct from hacking A lot of coverage can’t even differentiate between exploiting vulnerabilities in software versus “social engineering” that fools fallible humans into giving up their passwords. The former is easier to fix. “90% of all hacks could be prevented simply by installing the patches we already have,” observed Jeremy Epstein, the security researcher who documented crippling flaws in Winvote voting machines. The latter, as we’ve seen in the repeated success of phishing emails, isn’t just a matter of correcting code. The New York Times’ unpacking of how Russian attackers successfully targeted not just Democratic National Committee servers, but also phished the personal email accounts of senior party officials, including Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, was a painful but educational read in that regard. But Podesta’s own comments — for example, in an NBC News interview and a Washington Post op-ed denouncing the FBI’s lax response — describe his travails as undifferentiated hacking.   Attributing blame is hard Trump did make one good point in his New Year’s Eve musings when he said “hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else.” The next day, the Post was walking back its report of Russians hacking Burlington Electric. Read More That story went awry because investigators jumped on the appearance of an unusual Internet Protocol address in the utility’s logs — apparently, it was an employee checking email at the webmail service of Yahoo Finance’s parent firm (YHOO). Malware code found on that employee’s laptop was not a Russian specialty but a tool widely used by hackers. You should generally remain skeptical of initial claims of who’s at fault in this area. In particular, security experts say that victim-shaming won’t help. Said Epstein: “If we have stupid systems — I’ve built some stupid systems — where clicking on something causes something really bad to happen, we should blame the designers of that system.” There are things you can do Collectively, this treatment of cybersecurity at best leaves people to figure out on their own how to avoid the fate of whatever company, organization or celebrity is in the news. At worst, it teaches learned helplessness. In reality, non-painful options exist to limit your exposure to the commonplace, greed-driven attacks most of us face. Two-step verification will secure logins to your most important accounts with one-time codes sent to your phone. Password managers in your browser let you use different, complex passwords. Cybersecurity stories should remind you of those things, HackerOne’s Rice emphasized. “What concrete actions can I or should I take?” he asked rhetorically. “In many cases, the answer here is a depressing ‘Nothing. You are individually helpless.’ But even that is helpful to call out.” More from Rob: Outgoing FCC chair: Don’t go backward on net neutrality Selfie drones and more fly into CES 2017 Faraday Future’s FF91: Electric speed at a vaporous price Email Rob at rob@robpegoraro.com; follow him on Twitter at @robpegoraro.   Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next A Federal Judge Just Blocked Trump’s Immigration Ban — for Now People Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Israel's Netanyahu hails Trump decision on Mexico wall AFP Google CEO Orders Employees Back to the U.S. After President Trump’s Immigration Order Fortune Congressman Working on Release of Muslim Refugees at JFK Says Trump Ban Is ‘Frankly, Quite Disgusting’ People Only Fios lets you upload as fast and you download Verizon FiosSponsored Top Republicans denounced Trump's Muslim ban on the trail. Now they support his executive order. Vox.com Trump may have found his big ally to counterbalance China — and it's not Russia CNBC A Harvard student who received internship offers from Apple, McKinsey, and Goldman Sachs explains how to answer 'Tell me about yourself' Business Insider The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 Banyan HillSponsored U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration ban Reuters Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ MarketWatch Remembering the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster Yahoo Finance Video Megyn Kelly Confirms Rumors NoozleySponsored Honeywell CEO sees management lessons in New England Patriots Yahoo Finance 5 tax changes you need to know about for the 2017 filing season Yahoo Finance Despair, confusion reign as Trump's travel ban hits Steve: "Before Trump signed the order, more than 67,000 refugees had been approved by the federal government to enter the U.S." THANK GOD FOR TRUMP! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 970 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
e-Edition Obits -4° Mostly cloudy Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Vipers BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs Connect with Us     Entertainment Tea Party returns to Okanagan The Tea Party plays Kelowna's Community Theatre March 27. — image credit: The Tea Party image   Kelowna posted Jan 18, 2017 at 6:00 PM If you missed them in Vernon a couple years ago, The Tea Party is returning to the Okanagan March 27. The Canadian rock band plays the Kelowna Community Theatre as part of its 20 Years of Transmission tour. 1997 was an epic year. The Simpsons was named the longest-running prime-time animated series, Steve Jobs returned to Apple and Tiger Woods became the youngest golfer to ever win the Masters. In Canada, fans of award-winning THE TEA PARTY were celebrating the release of the band’s fourth studio album, Transmission. Equally as epic, this album reached #3 on the Canadian charts, earned double platinum status in Canada and received a JUNO Award nomination for Blockbuster Rock Album of the Year (1998). It’s no wonder that, 20 years later, the band has confirmed that it will embark on a large-scale tour to celebrate the anniversary of this hit record. Seeing THE TEA PARTY perform Transmission in its entirety, this national tour will see the band wind its way through 28 cities. Each show of the #TX20 tour will culminate with a set of greatest hits certain to deliver the energy and drive that THE TEA PARTY have been known to bring since 1990. Fans wishing to celebrate the 20th anniversary alongside the band can purchase tickets via smarturl.it/TX20. VIP ticket packages – The #TX20 VIP Party – are available now and include a meet & greet photo opportunity with the band along with a Tea Party draw-string backpack, a Transmission commemorative coffee table book, souvenir VIP laminate, 5X7 lithograph and a 5X7 glossy Transmission-era photo.   We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Museum serves up high tea (November 09, 2016) Rye returns to Okanagan Spirits (December 04, 2016) SLIDESHOW: Dine Around Thompson Okanagan (January 18, 2017) Tea time offers a relaxing escape (April 17, 2016) Mariachi band returns to the Okanagan (February 03, 2016) Art celebrates the Okanagan (March 13, 2016) Party lines (March 04, 2016) Rental scam hits Okanagan (January 16, 2017) You might like ... Community Events, January 2017 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Vernon Morning Star Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Vipers BC Games NFL Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs Featured News Kelowna News About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2017  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Saturday, January 28, 2017 UCLA Home UCLA Directory Visit Apply Give UCLA Newsroom MENU search open-search About UCLA For journalists Masthead SCIENCE + TECHNOLOGY HEALTH + BEHAVIOR ENVIRONMENT + CLIMATE NATION, WORLD + SOCIETY ARTS + CULTURE STUDENTS + CAMPUS UNIVERSITY NEWS Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff Centennial Campaign for UCLA Heads Up UC is recognized as one of the world's most innovative institutions UC Office of the President | January 18, 2017 Don Liebig/UCLA UCLA professor Eric Hoek holds a vial of nanoparticles and a piece of the revolutionary desalination membrane he helped develop. The University of California was honored Tuesday as one of the world’s most innovative institutions. In the company of multinational titans ranging from Apple to Boeing, UC was the only university honored as a 2016 Top 100 Global Innovator by Clarivate Analytics, a data and analysis company that spun off from Thomson Reuters. The list was compiled by assessing the volume of patents and their quality, market reach and influence on other discoveries. UC made the list for the first time since its inception in 2011. In its report, Clarivate said UC had been particularly successful in recent years in seeing its inventions earn patents and in extending its collaborations and reach globally. “The University of California is the world’s leading public research university system. As a newly recognized Top 100 Global Innovator with more than 3,000 patented inventions [from] 2011-2015, this is testament to the power of innovation in translating research into developing practical solutions to existing problems,” Clarivate said in its report. The list was developed by analyzing four metrics related to patents: the volume of patents; the success rate of inventions that lead to patents; the volume of patents that are protected in multiple world markets; and how often a patent is cited by other companies and institutions in their own filings. UC stood out in 2016 for the increase in both the reach and success of its discoveries, and was particularly strong in pharmaceuticals, medical technologies and other health advances, followed by measurements, computers and transistors. Tags: awards and honors technology Media Contact Office of Media Relations 310-825-2585 media@support.ucla.edu More Images Eric Hoek UCLA professor Eric Hoek holds a vial of nanoparticles and a piece of his revolutionary new desalination membrane. ... Don Liebig/UCLA Previous Story Ten UCLA professors make Education Week’s list of influential scholars Next Story McLean to receive American Astronomical Society’s Joseph Weber Award More Heads Up Seven UCLA Arts events you don't want to miss this winter Information about the federal and California earned income tax credit W-2s are coming: Protect yourself from scammers VIEW ALL Heads Up UCLA Top News Popular Science + Technology Experiment resolves mystery about wind flows on Jupiter Students + Campus UCLA honors Kareem Abdul-Jabbar at Pauley Pavilion Environment + Climate Become a citizen scientist and help preserve California’s biodiversity Health + Behavior The unexpected intersection between art and science Faculty + Staff UCLA public health team assesses health impact of state's high-speed rail project Nation, World + Society UCLA study finds an estimated 150,000 U.S. youths ages 13-17 identify as transgender Health + Behavior Study pinpoints how skin cells’ identity can be disassembled to create stem cells Science + Technology Smartphone microscope offers cost-effective DNA sequencing and genetic mutation analysis Science + Technology The moon is older than scientists thought, UCLA-led research team reports Environment + Climate Bait and switch: DNA testing finds mislabeled fish in Los Angeles sushi restaurants VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Health + Behavior Trouble in paradise: UCLA book enumerates challenges faced by middle-class L.A. families Environment + Climate Bait and switch: UCLA study finds fish fraud runs rampant Health + Behavior High-risk patient gets life-saving transplant when UCLA team accepts her case Faculty + Staff GALLERY: Seven Common Challenges Facing Middle-Class Families at Home Science + Technology Smartphone microscope offers cost-effective DNA sequencing and genetic mutation analysis Science + Technology The moon is older than scientists thought, UCLA-led research team reports Health + Behavior Memory loss associated with Alzheimer’s reversed for first time VIEW ALL Stories News Releases Media Advisories Explore UCLA UCLA Home UCLA Directory About UCLA UCLA Magazine Athletics Happenings Explore Newsroom All Stories Subscribe Opinion + Voices UCLA in the Community Faculty + Staff News Photos + Video Office of Media Relations On Twitter Contact Us For the Media Resources for Journalists Media Contacts at UCLA News Releases Media Advisories Media Guide to UCLA Experts Broadcast Studio News van parking © 2017 UCLA All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use. Office of Media Relations
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Cheetah Mobile launches Made for Samsung News Republic app with exclusive features Millions of us spend more time on our phones than any other computing device and use our phones to stay up on the latest news. The latest News Republic update adds exclusive features for Samsung phones and watches. ByMatthew Miller for Smartphones and Cell Phones | January 19, 2017 -- 01:22 GMT (17:22 PST) | Topic: Mobility As a commuter who spends about two hours a day on the train, I rely on my smartphone for the latest news. I've tried Apple News, Google Play Newstand, Flipboard, and others. Cheetah Mobile announced the latest version of News Republic that brings exclusive features for Samsung device owners. see also 10 reasons to buy the Samsung Galaxy S7 A nearly perfect smartphone? Read More Last year Cheetah Mobile acquired News Republic. We also saw News Republic replace HTC Blinkfeed on HTC devices. This latest news centers around the fact that this app release is an exclusive "Made for Samsung" app. As stated in the press release, this latest version brings the following new features: Text-to-speech: Article pages now have a speaker icon that users can tap to activate text-to-speech functionality. Playback controls will appear at the bottom of the screen. Long-press for more info: Within a news article, Samsung users can now long-press on a topic to view Wikipedia information without leaving the article. Edge Panel news: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge owners can get the freshest news, simply by opening their Edge Panel app. A list of Breaking News will appear, and a single tap will open the article of interest. Gear S3 widget: News Republic is now compatible with the Gear S3. The new widget displays the Top Stories, and users can click to read the full articles, with the help of a circular scroll bar, directly from their smartwatch. Newsstand: Users can select individual news outlets to follow from within the app. News Republic's learning algorithm will also recommend content providers directly in the article list page. I installed the new app on a Galaxy S7 and on my Gear S3 Frontier to test out the new features. The tap-and-hold Wikipedia integration is useful and the ability to easily select news sources and view the news you want from all over the world is great. Too often these mobile news apps offer confusing interfaces and news that I have no interest in. This latest News Republic update may just end up being my primary mobile news app. News in small snippets are great on a wearable, when done properly. The News Republic app provides a couple headlines with the option to see more and so far works well on the Gear S3 with its rotating bezel. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility TripIt Navigator: Detailed transportation options for business travelers Security My advice to President Trump: Keep the private email servers, ditch the Android phone, and Tweet on! Tablets ASUS ZenPad 3S 10, First Take: A premium 9.7-inch Android tablet at an affordable price Reviews Hands on with the Meizu M5 Note, a fast, stylish and affordable phone × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Take Advantage of a Misunderstood Fitbit Inc (FIT) Stock FIT stock has thrown in the towel, but the company is far from dead By Jayson Derrick, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jan 17, 2017, 10:47 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Sell GoPro Inc Stock on This Pointless Karma Rally (GPRO) Recent Posts: Sell GoPro Inc Stock on This Pointless Karma Rally (GPRO) Take Advantage of a Misunderstood Fitbit Inc (FIT) Stock 3 Stocks That Activists Will Send Into Rebound Mode View All Posts Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) investors declared in a unified voice back in early November: Enough is enough. FIT stock collapsed 30% after the company’s fourth-quarter and full fiscal year guidance fell well below analyst expectations. Game over, Fitbit is done. Source: Via Fitbit Based on the reaction of FIT stock, the wearable fad is all but dead … or Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is eating Fitbit’s lunch with its newly improved Apple Watch. This, however, couldn’t be further from the truth as Fitbit likely proved naysayers wrong during the holiday shopping season. Yet FIT stock is currently trading within striking distance of its all-time lows of $7.20, so investors should take advantage of the stock’s weakness. The Wearables Market Is Still Growing There is no doubt that the wearable market isn’t as hot as it was just a few years ago, but that doesn’t mean the market isn’t growing. According to IDC’s data, which was released on Dec. 5, the wearables segment grew 3.1% year-over-year in the third quarter of 2016. By comparison, the global smartphone market grew 1.1% year-over-year over the same time period. IDC added that Fitbit is the clear winner, as it shipped 5.3 million units in Q3, up from 4.8 million in the same quarter a year ago. The company also boosted its market share to 23% from 21.4% a year ago. By comparison, Apple was ranked fourth, having shipped 1.1 million Apple Watch units in the third quarter, down from 3.9 million a year ago. This contributed to Apple’s share in the wearable market plunging from 17.5% a year ago to 4.9%. IDC also suggested that Fitbit will “continue leading the pack in the near term” and the industry as a whole has been “down in recent quarters, but clearly not out.” Does this sound reflective of a stock that is down 60% over the past year? FIT Stock: The Holiday 2016 Winner The ultra-important 2016 holiday shopping season has come and gone. Investors are forgiven to be working under the assumption that overall sales were a complete disaster, at least based on Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) and Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) dismal holiday sales figures. However, First Data reported on Jan. 9 an industry-wide breakdown of what consumers were buying, and it bodes very well for Fitbit stock. Sales of health and personal devices rose 5.6% during the holiday season, marking an acceleration from last year’s 2.4% growth. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/fitbit-inc-fit-stock-misunderstood/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines LG's G6 to feature Google's voice assistant service: sources 2017/01/19 09:49 Tweet Facebook Share Google +1 Reduce Enlarge Print SEOUL, Jan. 19 (Yonhap) -- LG Electronics Inc.'s upcoming G6 smartphones will come with Google Inc. voice assistant service, industry sources said Thursday, as the South Korean company struggles to compete against its rivals. LG's new flagship models -- to be unveiled next month -- will carry the U.S. tech giant's artificial intelligence (AI) Google Assistant, the sources with knowledge of the matter said. Both LG and Google have not acknowledged whether the sources are correct. The sources said LG agreed with Google last year to feature the assistant, and is at the final stage of stabilizing the software before unveiling the model just ahead of the Mobile World Congress show in February. LG has been making efforts to expand its market share in the global smartphone world dominated by its local rival Samsung Electronics Co. and the U.S. giant Apple Inc. The two tech firms have been strengthening their AI-assisted voice butler services on their flagship models. This photo captured from the website of Google Assistant shows the AI-assisted voice butler service. (Yonhap) iPhone already has its AI voice recognition program, Siri, and Samsung is working on its own smart assistant for the next Galaxy S8, called Bixby. "Google Assistant will be very helpful for LG Electronics when all other tech firms are showcasing their voice assistant service," said a source not to be named. "The difficult task for LG is whether the service will recognize the Korean language."    The AI-assisted service will allow users to interact with the device by giving voice commands about music, weather information and other information. However, the companies have not substantiated the claims. "This is speculation that the company cannot confirm at the moment," an LG official said. Google also declined to comment on the matter at the moment. LG earlier said the G6 would be equipped with "heat pipes" for better cooling as part of its efforts to strengthen product safety. It lowers the temperature of the application processor inside a smartphone by some 6-10 percent by dispersing heat and helping prevent excessive heat from reaching the battery cell. LG said Thursday it will unveil the G6 in Barcelona, Spain, on Feb. 26, a day before the opening of the mobile show. LG's G6 (Photo courtesy of LG Electronic Inc.) (Yonhap) khj@yna.co.kr (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Samsung, business circles embarrassed by Lee's possible arrest Tough challenges lie ahead for Ban's presidential bid S. Korea likely to carry one major leaguer to World Baseball Classic China steps up retaliation on THAAD, S. Korea stuck with few options: experts AI-based translation to soon reach human levels: industry officials Rising consumer prices fuel concern about stagflation Acting president becomes assertive leader over past month Diplomatic row with Japan flares up over comfort women statue News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
null
msn back to msn home entertainment web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Music Reviews Winter Music Guide Video Grammy Awards Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Departments Entertainment Celebrity TV Movies Music Games More Entertainment Music Video Find Movie Showtimes TV Previews and Clips Top Movie Trailers Challenges & Quizzes Gaming Guide Gifts for Entertainment Lovers AdChoices Ed Sheeran Would Have Released 'Divide' in November if it Wasn't For Donald Trump Billboard Gil Kaufman 1/18/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 14 songs that tell a story you can't forget 2017 Grammy nominees: Then and now Click to expand Replay Video Celebrities Immortalized As Ugly Dolls Emma Watson's "Beauty and the Beast" doll is totally botched! See other merchandise that missed the mark, including Beyonce's scary figurine. E! Online 'Dirty Dancing' Turns 30! What You Didn't Know About the Iconic Film ET digs up which famous line almost didn't make the final cut and more gems about the 1987 classic. ETonline The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild awards gets rolled out The red carpet has been rolled out in Los Angeles ahead of this weekend's Screen Actors Guild awards. Rough cut - no reporter narration. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Ed Sheeran Would Have Released 'Divide' in November if it Wasn't For Donald Trump | Billboard News Billboard See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Celebrities Immortalized As Ugly Dolls E! Online 1:21 'Dirty Dancing' Turns 30! What You Didn't Know About the Iconic Film ETonline 3:31 The red carpet for the Screen Actors Guild awards gets rolled out Reuters 1:08 Time Magazine's Cover Trolls Trump in Epic Way Buzz60 1:14 How Australian Is Chris Hemsworth? Condé Nast Traveler 1:35 Flashback: Alfonso Ribeiro dances the Carlton from 'Fresh Prince' TODAY 0:52 David Bowie honored with British stamp collection Wochit Entertainment 0:48 Ellen DeGeneres is Serious Feminist Goals Glamour 1:25 When Mary Tyler Moore met Dick Van Dyke CNN 1:40 McConaughey on following his acting dreams CNN 1:55 Ryan Gosling's Wax Figure Doesn't Look Like Him E! Online 0:50 A Look Back At Oscar Nominee Emma Stone Before She Was Famous Inside Edition 1:03 2017 Oscars Nominations: Most Shocking Snubs & Flubs E! Online 2:08 'La La Land' - and diversity - dominate Oscar nominations Reuters 1:21 Stephen Colbert Set to Host the 2017 Primetime Emmy Awards E! Online 0:40 Finally! The Next Star Wars Name Revealed Veuer 1:11 UP NEXT Thanks Trump. Turns out Sheerios could have gotten Ed Sheeran's Divide, more than five months earlier if it wasn't for president-elect Donald Trump. The singer appeared on Zane Lowe's Apple Beats 1 radio show on Tuesday (Jan. 17) and revealed that the original timetable had his third album dropping in November, but he delayed it because of the "s--t storm" caused by the former reality TV host's election. "The plan was to come in September and then the album was meant to come in November, but the week the album was coming out was the week the presidential elections - that was just a s--t storm of media and I was like obviously if I come out with a record then no one's gonna care," he said. "And then the week after Bruno [Mars] came out, the week after The Weeknd came out and I was like..." © Getty Images Ed Sheeran In what he said is one of the only lengthy sit-down interviews he's planning to do in connection with the album, Sheeran explained that waiting until March 3 to drop the 12-song effort seems like way better timing. "It feels like a clean start this year not like any time I've come out there's always been another person," he said, revealing a bit of a competitive streak. "Like remember the first year I came out, being nominated for every award but then Adele was nominated for every award, and I'd kinda turn up like, 'uh yeah.' But this year it kinda feels like there's no one there ... I'm very, very confident in this year. This year is mine!" Sheeran, 25 -- who just scored his first No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 as a performer with the single "Shape of You" (while making history as "Castle on the Hill" debuted simultaneously in the top 10 at No. 6) -- admitted to putting pressure on himself to come out on top. "I'm never going to hide the fact that I'm a very competitive person and I do want this to be the biggest album in the world," he said. "But this is where my career really begins - the rest has been a set up to this point." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Music Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Billboard Watch John Legend Slam Donald Trump at PGA Awards: 'America Has To Be Better Than That' Billboard Rihanna Calls President Trump 'An Immoral Pig' Over Immigration Order Billboard deadmau5 Blasts President Trump's Immigration Ban: 'Guess You Better Send Melania Back Too' Billboard 10 Great Pop Songs From January You Might've Missed Billboard Billboard View the full site AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter MSN Music Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help & Support
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 1/28 Trump Order Barring Refugees Sparks Protests, Praise 1/28 Updated Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department 1/28 Here's why tech giants want to keep content cheap 1/28 Does Jaguar’s new sedan live up to the brand’s legacy? 1/28 Updated Trump says immigration ban ‘working out very nicely,’ while ACLU, others file lawsuit 1/28 Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico 1/28 Updated 12 detained at New York airport under refugee ban 1/28 Updated Trump and Putin discuss fighting terrorism on the phone 1/28 Calexit movement gets a go-ahead 1/28 Updated How do I find my late father’s will when my stepmother is blocking the way? 1/28 Updated Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 1/28 Updated This is how much the White House is worth in 2017 1/28 Updated Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks 1/28 Updated This fund manager is finding profits in the wreckage of corporate Europe 1/28 Updated 10 ‘Dividend Aristocrat’ stocks expected to rise up to 22% as you get paid to wait 1/28 Updated The 10 cheapest, fastest-growing and most beloved Dow stocks 1/28 Updated Iran calls Trump’s order ‘an obvious insult to the Islamic world’ 1/28 Updated Weekend roundup: Dow 20,000 | Trump and your investments | How companies confuse you with ‘earnings’ 1/28 Updated This explains why Donald Trump calls his loyal supporters the ‘forgotten people’ 1/28 Updated This chart shows how Republicans and Democrats feel about their money right now Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Computers/Electronics The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Nintendo says ‘Super Mario Run’ coming to Android in March By Takashi Mochizuki Published: Jan 18, 2017 7:22 p.m. ET Share Video game maker ramping up its mobile offerings Reuters Nintendo's "Super Mario Run" game launched on Apple devices in December. By TakashiMochizuki TOKYO — Nintendo Co. said Thursday it plans to launch its “Super Mario Run” smartphone game for Android OS in March, a three-month delay after the rollout for Apple Inc.’s smart devices. The app, which is free to download but requires a $10 payment to unlock all of its features, is the second game from Nintendo and its partner DeNA Co. 2432, -0.83%  , which began releasing smartphone games last year. The Mario game was initially launched for iPhone and iPad in December. While the game features Nintendo’s most-famous side-scrolling action with Mario the plumber, the success of the app remains unclear, especially after Apple AAPL, +0.01%   users criticized its pricing. Analysts say the Mario game’s performance has been not as good as what they had expected. Nintendo 7974, -0.34%   also announced a third mobile game, featuring the “Fire Emblem” franchise, would launch on Feb. 2. The game is also free to download but generates revenue through in-app microtransactions in which users purchase virtual items. An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. Also popular on WSJ.com: Former Sara Lee CEO Brenda Barnes dies at 63. Trump voters harbor mixed feelings ahead of inauguration. More from MarketWatch The secret to staying young is broccoli and cabbage Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Quote References 2432 -22.00 -0.83% AAPL +0.01 +0.01% 7974 -80.00 -0.34% Most Popular Why Trump’s golf courses in Scotland are just like Carrier’s plant in Mexico Trump visa ban also applies to citizens with dual nationality: State Department Serena Williams beats sister Venus to win record 23rd Grand Slam title Apple earnings: iPhone 7 could break streak of shrinking sales These 85 stocks are now on a ‘buy’ list as Donald Trump takes office MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found DeNA Co. Ltd. Japan: Tokyo: 2432 ¥2,622.00 -22.00 (-0.83%) Volume 2.8M Open ¥2,638 High ¥2,650 Low ¥2,594 P/E Ratio 24.14 Div Yield 1.53 Market Cap 395.4B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $121.95 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 20.1M Open $122.14 High $122.35 Low $121.60 P/E Ratio 14.75 Div Yield 1.87 Market Cap 641.2B Nintendo Co. Ltd. Japan: Tokyo: 7974 ¥23,490.00 -80.00 (-0.34%) Volume 836.0K Open ¥23,630 High ¥23,630 Low ¥23,405 P/E Ratio 65.11 Div Yield 1.79 Market Cap 3.3T LatestNews
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Industry Last Modified: Thu, Jan 19 2017. 05 37 AM IST Govt okays tweaks to modified special incentive package plan Cabinet clears amendments to Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme to incentivise investments and move towards ‘net zero imports’ in electronics by 2020 Subscribe to our newsletter. Nikita Doval Union minister for electronics and information technology Ravi Shankar Prasad says the plan is to make India a big hub in electronic manufacturing. Pradeep Gaur/Mint New Delhi: In a bid to incentivise investments and move towards the goal of ‘net zero imports’ in the electronics sector by 2020, the Union cabinet approved on Wednesday amendments to the Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (MSIPS). The cabinet had cleared the M-SIP scheme in 2012 to promote large scale manufacturing in the electronic system design and manufacturing sector (ESDM). It provided subsidies for capital expenditure—20% for investments in Special Economic Zones (SEZs) and 25% in non-SEZs. In August 2015, the scheme was amended to enhance its scope and simplify procedure. ALSO READ: We’ll very much like Apple to have a base in India: Ravi Shankar Prasad The ESDM sector has already attracted investments to the tune of Rs1,26,838 crore, of which around Rs17,997 crore has been approved by the ministry of electronics and information technology. “Our plan is to make India a big hub in electronic manufacturing. Right now we are giving direct work to one lakh people and indirect work to two lakh people in mobile sector. Right now our IT sector has investment of $150 billion. In electronic manufacturing-hardware alone it will be $500 billion in the coming five to 10 years and we will give jobs to three crore people. This is the potential of the sector,” said Ravi Shankar Prasad, Union minister for electronics and information technology, after the cabinet meeting. Besides expediting investments into the ESDM sector in India, the amendments to MSIPS are expected to create employment opportunities and reduce dependence on imports. The projects already received under the scheme have the potential to generate direct and indirect employment for up to one million people. ALSO READ: Cabinet approves listing of state-owned general insurance companies Applications will be received under the scheme up to 31 December 2018, or until such time when an incentive commitment of Rs10,000 crore is reached, whichever is earlier, according to an official statement. “In case the incentive commitment of Rs10,000 crore is reached, a review will be held to decide further financial commitments,” the statement said. It explained that the “incentives will be available for investments made within five years from the date of approval of the project” and “a unit receiving incentives under the scheme, will provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for a period of at least three years”. Prasad said a committee headed by the cabinet secretary will be set up to look at mega projects involving investments of more than Rs6,850 crore (about $1 billion). In response to a query regarding Apple Inc.’s plan to set up manufacturing in India, he said: “We would very much like Apple to come and have a base in India. They have a base in China, China is under stress. If a structured request came from them, we will consider with an open mind.” Nikita Doval Topics: Electronicselectronics manufacturingModified Special Incentive Package Schemeamendmentselectronics imports More From Livemint READ MORE DU to launch mobile app to keep tab on students’ attendance Rs5,583 crore withdrawn from Jan Dhan accounts in a month post note ban Banks eyeing big-ticket reforms in budget: Survey First Published: Thu, Jan 19 2017. 01 42 AM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News DU to launch mobile app to keep tab on students’ attendance Rs5,583 crore withdrawn from Jan Dhan accounts in a month post note ban Banks eyeing big-ticket reforms in budget: Survey Tax department leans on Big Data analytics to mark out multiple PAN holders Finance ministry may scrap sugar cess in Budget 2017 Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Opinion » In The Money Last Modified: Thu, Jan 19 2017. 05 35 AM IST GIFT City: High on fanfare, low on substance What practitioners experience at GIFT City in reality is paperwork and a policy approach that is far removed from other international financial centres Subscribe to our newsletter. Mobis Philipose Turnover at GIFT City has averaged less than $600,000 in the first few days of trading. Photo: AFP BSE’s India International Exchange (INX) was launched with much fanfare at Gujarat International Finance Tech (GIFT) City last week. But when trading commenced this Monday, the response was anything but spectacular. Turnover has averaged less than $600,000 in the first few days of trading. One way to look at this is that these are early days still. While INX has worked hard to go live, trading members are still finding their feet in the new international financial service centre. But also note that despite the government’s strong backing of the international financial service centre (IFSC), product approvals from sector regulators have been slow to come by. An executive at a large multinational electronic trading firm said his firm evaluated the GIFT City opportunity and decided to give it a miss, largely because of the half-hearted policy approach. “An international centre means the whole world is yours. We can’t take half steps and hope to compete with other centres where access is far easier.” ALSO READ | Narendra Modi hopes GIFT City will become price-setter in a decade For instance, INX has received approval for trading futures and options on the flagship Sensex index, as well as a newly launched Sensex 50 index. The latter seems to be an attempt to create an arbitrage opportunity vis-a-vis Singapore Exchange’s Nifty futures contract—which is hardly a great advertisement with regards to product innovation. Worse still, Securities and Exchange Board of India has approved single stock futures on five international stocks including Apple Inc. and Facebook Inc., although it’s not clear who might want to trade these on Indian shores. So far, futures contracts on these stocks haven’t changed hands even once. Futures and options on the dollar-rupee are yet to be approved. If, as has often been stated, India’s IFSC policy is aimed at winning back share in this product from centres such as Dubai and Singapore, the least one would have expected is this product was made available for trading when INX commenced operations. Instead, the ball is being passed around between Sebi and the central bank on when and under what terms this product can be launched. The central bank has, in the past, clamped down on domestic exchange-traded currency derivatives market by curbing position limits. Even now, position limits for end users are far lower than where they would like them to be. As a result, India has offered the rupee-dollar market on a platter to centres such as Dubai. In this backdrop, allowing this contract in an IFSC with far bigger position limits might be seen as an extremely bold step—almost bordering on the reckless—by the central bank. This is but one of many instances of policy incoherence with IFSCs. The government may believe it has created a really special economic zone where red tape and other constraints of the domestic market do not apply. But what practitioners experience in reality is paperwork and a policy approach that is far removed from other international financial centres. Firms have to be approved by a myriad number of government authorities and regulators, and the entire process, according to one financial markets professional, can take about three months. The executive at the electronic trading firm says that another large drawback is the absence of an ecosystem that includes a wide variety of traders. As things stand, there are only proprietary trading firms that have registered with INX. Needless to say, a market consisting of only prop traders will be a shallow market. The committee on Making Mumbai an International Financial Centre (IFC) had said, “A key strength underlying an Indian attempt to establish an IFC is the economies of scale obtained by virtue of having a trillion-dollar GDP as the home market. If an enclave approach is used, India’s hinterland advantage is lost. The enclave would be required to restrict itself to dealing only with non-resident client.” Because India has chosen the enclave approach, domestic traders and investors can’t access Gift City, which, in turn, makes it an unexciting proposition for overseas traders. Besides, firms registered in Gift City aren’t allowed to trade in other overseas markets, which will again make trading firms question the business rationale of setting up operations. ALSO READ | GIFT City: Are we there yet? There are a host of other issues. Speaking at the Vibrant Gujarat summit, Reserve Bank of India governor, Urjit Patel said, “There is the need for a modern complementary legal infrastructure. We need to do a lot in this regard... It is possible that many business entities that can potentially relocate to GIFT City are waiting for this framework to be put in place.” The standard response of IFSC enthusiasts to all of this is that these are still early days, and that things will improve. But it’s foolhardy to assume that the Indian IFSC experiment has this luxury of time. It’s a tall order in any case for any new centre to attract volumes from large established centres such as London and Singapore. To add to this, policy makers have chosen a start that is high on fanfare, but low on substance. While the fanfare is welcome because it causes prospective customers to come and take a look, what they see at present is far from appealing. Mobis Philipose Topics: GIFT CityNarendra ModiIndia INXBSEinternational exchange More From Livemint READ MORE DU to launch mobile app to keep tab on students’ attendance Rs5,583 crore withdrawn from Jan Dhan accounts in a month post note ban Banks eyeing big-ticket reforms in budget: Survey First Published: Thu, Jan 19 2017. 02 03 AM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News DU to launch mobile app to keep tab on students’ attendance Rs5,583 crore withdrawn from Jan Dhan accounts in a month post note ban Banks eyeing big-ticket reforms in budget: Survey Tax department leans on Big Data analytics to mark out multiple PAN holders Finance ministry may scrap sugar cess in Budget 2017 Mint On Sunday The real dangal What's really behind the Bhangar agitation? Letter from... earth The four-and-a-half-day week Of the Australian Open and why the old codgers still dominate tennis  Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 Case Review Josh Smith08/24/2015 The Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 case is the best looking iPhone case I’ve ever used. Speck combines the beautiful design of the inked series with a metal finish on the outside of a CandyShell case that delivers a lot of protection in a slim and attractive package. Advertisement Speck sells the CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 case in eight colors and detailed designs with flowers, sharp-looking designs and great photos on a metal finish that wraps around the edges of the case. The Luxury Inked cases are $49.99. Find out why the Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury case is great. Unlike the standard Inked cases the exterior is made of metal that Speck says a third-party confirmed does not impact the reception. After two weeks of use the iPhone 6 case is looks just like new and there is no change to the reception or battery life of the iPhone 6 while using the Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury case. The Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 cases earn a Gotta Be Mobile Editor’s Choice Award for delivering the ideal amount of protection in a slim and beautiful case. The Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 cases. Advertisement The Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury cases offer options that appeal to both genders, while some of the original Inked designs stuck to flowers there is an amazing geometric design and a cool fade that stand out to me. When I showed the two floral patterns Speck sent for review to my wife and sister the immediate reaction was, “Where do I get one?” Inside the case is made of a soft rubber interior that grips the phone tightly. The rubber portion extends out to give a small gap between your screen and any surface you set it down on. This also helps with protection from drops. A plastic outershell delivers a dual layer of protection and then the metallic design is on top of that. This is the best looking iPhone 6 case I’ve ever used. I love the look of these cases and the wrap-around design that carries over the design to all sides of the case. The soft rubber interior shows through the port openings and adds protection on the edges in colors that complement the overall look of the case. All the openings on the cases are large enough for cables, headphones and sound to pass through. A Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury case is a little thicker than an official Apple iPhone 6 case, but it is not as thick as offerings from OtterBox or other rugged cases. While this adds a little thickness and weight to the case, I still consider this a slim or fashion iPhone 6 case. That’s not to say the CandyShell cases sacrifice protection for looks. In several years of use we’ve dropped a variety of phones in Speck CandyShell cases and they definitely offer good protection for the size and price. Advertisement The photos above show some of the Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 cases you can buy with various colors and designs. As I mentioned I am partial to the green and blue designs while my wife and my sister really like the pink and black and white floral designs. The Speck CandyShell Inked Luxury iPhone 6 cases are available exclusively from Best Buy with in store and online options. The cases are available now at a variety of Best Buy locations. 10 Best iPhone 6 Cases Best Leather iPhone 6 Case   1 / 10 The ultimate leather iPhone 6 case is available from Apple. The official leather case wraps snugly to the iPhone 6 in an array of colors and adds just enough grip to help us hold on to the iPhone while using it. Read: Apple Leather iPhone 6 Case Review Apple's official case is thin and light, adding barely any weight or thickness to the iPhone 6. This is why Gotta Be Mobile Editor Adam Mills decided this is the best iPhone 6 case for his device, even though he normally does not use cases. The official leather iPhone 6 case from Apple is $45 at Apple and other retailers.   1 / 10 One Response 01/18/2017 dhilliard2 Reply I don’t agree https://9to5mac.com/2015/09/10/speck-phone-6s-plus-cases/ Best regards, Digna Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Go back Apple, we don’t need you and your diva act By R Swaminathan 28   Comments UberPool, Ola Share ride-sharing services to be banned in Karnataka from Monday By tech2 News Staff 19   Comments Airtel and Vodafone unlimited voice calling plans to be capped at 300 minutes a day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Microsoft records rise in profits; Satya Nadella’s mobile and cloud first push paying off 1   Comments 52 percent cyber crime victims fail to recover the lost money, says Kaspersky Lab 1   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google Assistant to soon get payment capabilities according to report #Google Assistant 3 By tech2 News Staff /  19 Jan 2017 , 09:57 Google Assistant is about to get a new addition to its services offered, according to a report in The Next Web. A teardown of the new beta version of the Google Assistant app for Android, done by XDA Developers, shows that you will soon be able to make payments through Assistant across supported devices. There is no clarity as to how the mechanism will work. XDA says that a string found in the app’s code indicates that it can let users of the Google Pixel smartphones make purchases through Assistant. At the same time, it can also control which other devices can authorise payments. One of those devices includes the voice-activated Google Home speaker. According to Business Insider, users will be able to make credit card payments for delivery services or online shopping, such as using Google’s Express Shopping marketplace. Considering Amazon’s Alexa and Apple’s Siri both support payment capabilities, it is just the next logical step for Assistant as well. Apple has also applied for a patent to enable peer-to-peer payments using iMessage via Siri. Alexa is expected to come built into LG smart refrigerators which will give you the ability to make purchases via the assistant as well. It is simplified with Amazon Echo and Echo Dot products, using Alexa, because these devices are already tied into your Amazon account where you have your payment details stored. It is just a matter of enabling 1-click payment and Amazon lets you buy physical products from its store as well as digital music. Google Assistant is expected to come to other platforms, such as Android Wear based smartwatches, Android TVs and even inside cars in the upcoming months. The possibilities of shopping via these multiple platforms are immense. Google has not yet confirmed the payments feature on Assistant officially. Tags: Alexa, Amazon Alexa, Amazon Echo, Amazon Echo Dot, Apple Siri, assistant, Google Assistant, SIRI, Virtual Assistants Also read CES 2017: Amazon Alexa sets its sights on Google Assistant at electronics show Nokia’s ‘Viki’ digital assistant will take on Google Assistant, Siri and Alexa in the near future X Recommended For You This is what happens when digital technology like Amazon Alexa overlaps with reality Google Assistant to grow beyond the Pixel lineup; will soon come to LG G6 Nokia’s ‘Viki’ digital assistant will take on Google Assistant, Siri and Alexa in the near future CES 2017: Amazon Alexa sets its sights on Google Assistant at electronics show Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Twitter Jan 29, 2017 Twitter real-time data could be useful for planning, route scheduling on subway operations #Smartwatch Jan 29, 2017 New ways to interact with smartwatches to help user-device communication developed by researchers #Partnered Jan 23, 2017 10 types of selfies Bollywood actors take #Artificial Intelligence Jan 29, 2017 Artificial intelligence used to gather insights into cancer with machine-learning platform #iPhone Jan 29, 2017 No point in making iPhones in the US, if you have to ship all components from China, says analyst #Trump Jan 29, 2017 Silicon Valley isn’t happy: Here’s what top tech CEOs have to say about US President Trump’s immigration order SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 27° F Overcast Hi: 30° F Lo: 18° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Police: Warren man pulled from his burning home by neighbor January 28, 2017 The man was life-flighted to the Cleveland Metro Hospital. The neighbor was taken to Trumbull Memorial and is OK. California Palms Hotel to be an addiction recovery center January 28, 2017 Update The announcement came over social media on Friday when hotel owner Sebastian Rucci posted a video to his YouTube page. Globetrotters team up with Red Cross for visit to Valley January 28, 2017 Trump sets 5-year and lifetime lobbying ban for officials January 28, 2017 Mill Creek names commissioner for Finance Advisory Committee January 28, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 27° F Overcast Feels Like: 19° F Wind: WSW 7 Humidity: 78% Dewpoint: 21° F Sunrise: 7:36 AM Sunset: 5:35 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Milwaukee hands short-handed Penguins home loss January 28, 2017 YSU used a late rally to give the Penguins a chance at the win but in the end Milwuakee was too much thanks to Steph Kostowicz Penguins hold off Cleveland State January 28, 2017 The YSU led by as many as 15 points and held off a late Cleveland State run to get their first home win since December 29th. Ursuline Girls’ Basketball Stats (Thru Jan. 28) January 28, 2017 Carbon powers Struthers past Reserve January 28, 2017 Grove City gets by Erie East with a big second half January 28, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 27° F Overcast Hi: 30° F Lo: 18° F Storm Team 27: Better weather by Thursday afternoon By Paul Wetzl Published: January 18, 2017, 11:04 pm Updated: January 19, 2017, 6:52 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN)- WHAT WE’RE TRACKING A few pockets of drizzle with a small chance for patchy fog. Lows in the 30’s. Watch for an isolated chance for black ice. Clouds will start to break Thursday with some sun into the afternoon. Highs will push back into the middle 40’s. Clouds return with showers late Thursday night into Friday morning. A small risk for some snow. Rain will continue through the day Friday with highs near 50. Warming up into the weekend. Forecast Thursday: Becoming partly cloudy. High: 46 Thursday night: Mostly cloudy with the chance of showers. . (40%) Low: 33 Friday: Mostly cloudy. Scattered showers. May mix with snow early. (90%) High: 50 Low: 33 Saturday: Mostly cloudy. High: 56 Low: 43 Sunday: Scattered showers. (60%) High: 53 Low: 43 Monday: Rain showers likely. (70%) High: 46 Low: 41 Tuesday: Chance for showers. (40%) High: 36 Low: 32 Wednesday: Mostly cloudy. Chance for showers. (40%) High: 45 Low: 36 Thursday: Mostly cloudy. Chance for rain or snow showers. (30%) High: 40 Low: 33 WKBN is your source for the Valley’s latest weather information. Download our app for Apple and Android devices and sign up for weather text alerts. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Storm Team 27: Mostly cloudy Storm Team 27: Drizzle through early tonight Storm Team 27: Mostly cloudy and dry Storm Team 27: Becoming partly cloudy Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Sunday, January 29, 2017 17:11 (GMT+8) Taipei 19°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Microsoft MSI brand Gigabyte PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Latest Digitimes news DRAM prices to continue rally Nanya posts EPS of NT$7.33 for 4Q16 Compal ramping up smartwatch shipments to Fossil, says paper Digitimes Research: Taiwan makers ship over 61 million large-size TFT-LCD panels in 4Q16 Holtek posts NT$3.47 EPS for 2016 Digitimes Research: China smartphone vendors may favor local AMOLED suppliers over Samsung Display Taiwan Mobile expects revenues to grow mildly in 2017 Winbond buys equipment for NT$3.32 billion Alibaba sees significant on-year growth in 4Q16 Taiwan wearable product shipments to account for 42% of global shipments in 2018, says MIC LG Display 4Q16 net operating profit hits record Corning reports strong earnings for 4Q16 Casetek shipping chassis to new smartphone client in China Commentary: Foxconn faces obstacles to US panel fab plan Increasing sales of Nvidia graphics cards to affect profitability of other suppliers Giga Solar Materials to start production at factory in eastern China at end of March Smart LED lighting, high-end backlighting, IR devices to drive Unity Opto growth in 2017, says chairman Component orders from AR/VR vendors still low in 2017 ASE posts NT$2.83 EPS for 2016 Acer covering all bases with niche notebook offerings in 2017 Microsoft to partner with notebook vendors to push Lunar New Year promotions DONG Energy, Macquarie Capital to acquire stakes in Formosa I Japan market: OLED TV prices fall, says Nikkei MediaTek posts profit drop with record low gross margin for 2016 Acer expects over 10% on-year revenue growth from Taiwan Market summary 24-Jan-2017 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 9447.95 +23.90 +0.25%  TSE electronic 381.07 +0.98 +0.26%  GTSM (OTC) 126 +0.03 +0.02%  OTC electronic 172.08 +0.01 +0.01%  View more Around the web Dell now has a convertible Chromebook, too (Jan 25) - The Verge HP recalls more than 100,000 batteries for possible overheating (Jan 24) - CNET Clouds and silver linings for Microsoft, Google and Intel (Jan 26) - Finacial Times Apple said to be near deal to manufacture products in India (Jan 25) - Wall Street Journal Western Digital delivers strong quarter on enterprise demand (Jan 25) - ZDNet Toshiba's NAND future uncertain (Jan 23) - EE Times Samsung pegs 7nm chip production for 'early 2018,' in time for the Galaxy S9 processor (Jan 24) - PhoneArena Why the LG G6 won't have Snapdragon 835 (Jan 23) - Forbes Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Global notebook shipment forecast, 2017 and beyond China smartphone market and industry – 3Q 2016 Global tablet market - 3Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: KDDI sets up smart drone platform, Rakuten Mobile launches drone Digitimes Research: All-in-one PC shipments drop 4.8% in 2016 Worldwide notebook shipment update - November 2016 Digitimes Research: Top notebook vendors and ODMs see combined shipments increase in November More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin ThroughTek listed as Taiwan's first IoT company on the emerging stock board Quanmax opens up 'Blue Ocean' infotainment opportunities with OPS compliant display TUV NORD launches SECURITY 4 SAFETY service to build Industry 4.0 foundation for customers Supermicro introduces latest SUPERO desktop and gaming solutions at CES 2017 Wanshih Electronic will exhibit USB3.1 cable assemblies with type C in 2017 Consumer Technology Association (CES) More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenFone 3 Zoom smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Asustek ZenFone AR smartphonePhoto: Company, Jan 23. Intel Compute CardPhoto: Company, Jan 10. Asustek Zenbo home service robotPhoto: Monica Chen, Jan 4. VIA Artigo A830 IoT kiosk solutionPhoto: Company, Dec 5. Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 VIA launches Custom IoT Platform Design Service VIA unveils new kiosk solution Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... VR/AR new hope for 2017? With gaming products becoming popular and VR/AR applications having become the latest topics in the IT market, will VR/AR help save the IT industry in... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros The synergy of NXP acquisition: An interview with Qualcomm president Derek Aberle Qualcomm agreed in late 2016 to buy NXP Semiconductor for about US$47 billion in the biggest-ever deal... Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD 2016 China market shipments China motherboard Acer Asustek Mobile devices notebook Foxconn revenues US 2017 Taiwan sales 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Showbiz Boards Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of visa holders detained at US airports after nationwide protests Uber CEO pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by Trump's immigration ban after critics accuse the company of 'colluding with Trump' Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow among several stars to celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day of Trump's speech in embarrassing security breach Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns culprits they will be forced to eat in isolation  New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social media accounts at bridges and tunnels  FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flag on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's immigration ban Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture and slaying  Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed her daughter and murdered her son' while her two blood-stained grandchildren watched in horror 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will maintain his full work schedule 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5,000 gown with Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian PM Trudeau says they will take in anyone refused by the U.S.  Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump immigration ban - with only two released 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss international terror and peace in the Middle East - but avoid talking about U.S. sanctions against Russia Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to give Steve Bannon a regular seat  Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border under Trump's executive order  NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudanese-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker face travel problems British Olympic gold medal winner Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Trump's immigration crackdown on people from his Somali homeland 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg and Google lead the outcry from Silicon Valley 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall separating them from Egypt is a 'great success' Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants Previous Next 'Love this place': Lisa Wilkinson shares sun-kissed holiday snaps from trip to Hawaii with husband Peter FitzSimons and daughter Billi By Candice Jackson and Hannah Paine For Daily Mail Australia Published: 22:52 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 03:18 EST, 19 January 2017 e-mail View comments She bid farewell to cold snowy New York weather last week. And now, Lisa Wilkinson, 57, is basking in the tropical sun of Hawaii with husband Peter FitzSimons, 55, and look-a-like daughter Billi. The Today show presenter took to Instagram on Wednesday to flaunt the sun-kissed getaway at the luxe Royal Hawaiian Resort.  Scroll down for video 'Love this place': Lisa Wilkinson shares sun-kissed holiday snaps from trip to Hawaii with husband Peter FitzSimons and daughter Billi in striped off-the-shoulder summer frock to Instagram on Wednesday The TV host announced 'bye bye winter' in her posts, by adding 'love this place' in her use of hashtags. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'A New York State of mind': Lisa Wilkinson swaps the Today... Channel Nine deny 'police were called to Richard Wilkins'... Is there bad blood? Amber Sherlock and Julie Snook DON'T... 'On Wednesdays we wear white': Twitter erupts with hilarious... Share this article Share In one picture, she posed in front of the iconic pink Royal Hawaiian Hotel wearing a striped off-the-shoulder frock with flared sleeves. The veteran journalist added to her beachside look with sunglasses, a side satchel and a white wide-brimmed hat. What a view! The journalist shared an aerial view of the crystal blue ocean waters from the balcony of her high-rise luxury Sheraton Waikiki resort apartment She captioned the snap: 'Little bit of old Hollywood in Hawaii.'  Lisa also shared an aerial view of the crystal blue ocean waters from the balcony of her highrise luxury Sheraton Waikiki resort apartment. The media personality and her look-a-like daughter Billi were later seen in the resort's beachside pool, with Billi wearing her dad's signature red bandana. 'He's not getting it back!': Lisa comically captioned a picture of her daughter Billi wearing her husband's red bandana in the resort pool, claiming they were still cool and he wasn't getting it back Lisa comically captioned the selfie: 'Who says red bandanas aren't cool? PS. He's not getting it back!' The last photo featuring her author husband Peter, was a selfie while on holidays in New York last week. The pair posed against the bright lights of Times Square, as her husband wore his red bandana. The veteran journalist wrote: 'Still in love after all these years. And our last night in New York. Next stop, Hawaii!' How romantic! The loved-up pair posed for a selfie in Times Square last week, with Lisa writing: ' Still in love after all these years. And our last night in New York. Next stop, Hawaii!' Now that's a view: Lisa shares a selfie with a viewfinder at the top of the Rockerfeller Centre, with the Empire State Building in the background One of the last places the couple visited was the top of the Rockefeller Centre, where Lisa took the opportunity to use a viewfinder. In the photo, she wore a stylist leather cap and furry scarlet scarf. Her post read: 'Had to get a shot with those famous viewfinders at #topoftherock. New York, you are a stunner.' 'Five degrees below here': Lisa showed off the view from her hotel room, which showed roofs blanketed in snow In earlier holiday photos, the mother-of-three spent her time in the Big Apple seeing some of its main attractions. Lisa shared a photo of her lying on a window bench at her hotel, showing off the snow on the rooftops outside. 'Five degrees below here in #NEWYORK and the city is blanketed in snow,' the presenter captioned the photo, adding: 'So pretty.'  Hitting Broadway: The couple rubbed shoulders with Cate Blanchett and Richard Roxburgh after attending the opening night of the Sydney Theatre Company's production of The Present Another photo shows Lisa and Peter about to take in a Broadway show, with the couple rugged up to protect from the cold temperatures. The couple rubbed shoulders with Cate Blanchett and Richard Roxburgh after attending the opening night of their Sydney Theatre Company's production of The Present.  The former magazine editor looked radiant within her photos, with fans quick to compliment the journalist on her youthful appearance, with one writing: 'Was this taken when you were in your early twenties?' 'A New York State of mind': Lisa Wilkinson swaps the Today desk for sightseeing in the Big Apple with husband Peter FitzSimons Imagine: Lisa also took time to pay her respects at the John Lennon memorial in Central Park The New York City trip is making for a much more relaxing summer vacation than two years ago.  In 2015, Lisa and Peter were holidaying in Paris when staff at satire magazine Charlie Hebdo were killed in a terror attack. 'Streets of #Paris where I am absolutely teeming with police. Many buildings guarded by police nursing serious armory,' she described the aftermath on Twitter.   Eventful past summer trips: In 2015, Lisa and Peter were holidaying in Paris when staff at satire magazine Charlie Hebdo were killed in a terror attack Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Serena Williams awkwardly neglects her fiancé after Aus Open win Many Clouds dies after beating Thistlecrack in the Cotswold Chase 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Incredible moment truck crashes through middle of bus Grandma accused of killing son-in-law celebrated during testimony Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border George and Laura Bush welcome the Obamas to the White House 2009 Harriet was rescued from a South Korean meat farm Look what the cat dragged 'OUT'! Cute cat learns to open drawers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps Huge tiger roams the streets after escaping circus in Italy Comments (0) Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honoring late father Alan amid bitter custody battle with ex Paula Patton  Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Relaxed at the pool with sister Khloe Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Actress looked stylish Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream Doting father Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner It's an 80's night! Candace Cameron Bure, New Kids on the Block and Martha Quinn look incredible at the iHeart80s concert in California Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees She deleted all her posts and has started again Seriously glam! Lucy Hale flashes major skin in plunging silver dress at SAG nomination bash  The 27-year-old was not afraid to flaunt her ample assets  She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas in West Hollywood  The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with husband Jared ahead of swanky dinner amid deportation row  Paula Patton steps out with son Julian in Los Angeles... amid ongoing custody battle with Robin Thicke She recently took out a  restraining order on him Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Stunning figure  Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in New York City She's still got it Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic immigrants  La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event Flawless figure Who wears the cool crown? They're both gorgeous, glamorous and adored by royal brothers, but how does Kate measure up against Meghan? Who brought the Eggos? Cast of Netflix's Stranger Things get together in LA ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards The young cast mixed with Hollywood's adults Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Incredible body Man of many talents! Super Bowl-bound Tom Brady wishes fans Happy Chinese New Year in Mandarin before being photobombed by daughter Vivian, 4 Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to match up to $100,000 in donations to the ACLU Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Stunned on red carpet 'He goes full throttle the whole way': John Wick featurette reveals how Keanu Reeves trained in 'gun fu' to become a deadly assassin Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet Recently gave birth  His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards Couple are not afraid to show their affection  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards Turned heads  No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards They both starred in the Oscar nominated hit  Yummy mummy alert! Teresa Palmer reveals her svelte post-baby body in a dramatic beaded gown as she attends the Producers Guild Awards 'Just unbearable!': Amy Duggar confirms she used to play outside as a child to avoid her parents' fights during emotional Marriage Bootcamp She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land From musical to comedy The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica Kept her head down Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Lily Collins dazzles in backless emerald green gown with crossover bodice at Producers Guild Awards Flaunted her enviably slim frame  'I was numb to all the bulls***': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Speaking her mind  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The orphaned Malawi twins Madonna 'wants to make her own' and how their adopted mother would be horrified Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Has been promoting her new album Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Spotted on a stroll  Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees Looking smart Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Loved-up pair  That's got to hurt! Justin Bieber gets slammed against glass exterior during NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout by Chris Pronger 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Australian The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany  Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top She has has taken off her clothes again The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison Also parents to a son Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country Quite the response Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters She is expanding her career with a new role It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe Only recently got hitched Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Pair tied the knot a month ago Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from Utah Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be turned around at the border Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica Showcased her curves Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at a fundraiser after romantic honeymoon in the Bahamas  All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Staying warm  Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Hollywood couple Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 'I'm so extremely sad to hear of John's passing,' she said Harry Potter's John Hurt married four times but his friends say it was the tragic death of the lover he DIDN'T wed that drove him to drunken torment  New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' The 45-year-old actor,  played Don Draper 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Our dazzling sapphire Queen: The poignant significance of Her Majesty's favourite gem... as she celebrates 65 years on the throne  Historic milestone  He was named 'the man most likely to marry Jackie'... And now an Oscar-nominated film reveals how British Lord Harlech missed  capturing her heart  So that's why Ryan's such a La La lovely mover! How Hollywood's heart-throb inherited his musical talent... from a bugle-blowing Victorian war hero  Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey February 2017 issue Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris Sporty attire Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Fun in the sun 'I thought I'd get in trouble!': Kendall Jenner confesses she was scared of telling her parents about her boyfriends when she was a teenager Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage  'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' Fans slams Vanity Fair for leaving out Asian and Latina actresses from Hollywood Issue (but they've come a long way from 'white-washed' 2010 cover)  EXCLUSIVE: 'I grew up with holes in my shoes!': Jennifer Lopez, 47, talks humble beginnings and how family 'grounds her' during difficult times Modest roots An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on British The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch The outfit left little to the imagination 'This is Chambers': Actor Armie Hammer reveals name of son as he shares tender photo of the newborn with his big sister Harper Super sweet siblings Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB Pretty pink locks 'She didn't come?' The uncomfortable moment Venus Williams realises her sister Isha didn't come to her Australian Open showdown with Serena Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Shooting an athletic wear campaign She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica Snapchat session Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness French star of screen and stage  Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Wowed with her color Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Nowhere to be seen Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Victoria's Secret Angel 'It's a very brave, bold and challenging story we're attempting': Andrew Lincoln defends brutal violence in season seven of The Walking Dead But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC At last... a statue that will let the boys gaze at Diana every day: William and Harry reveal plans for a new memorial to the 'people's princess' 20 years after her death  Farewell to a Hollywood legend: Sir John Hurt, who starred in The Elephant Man and Harry Potter, dies aged 77 after a battle with cancer  From Hollywood bad boy to national treasure: The notorious hell-raiser who drank up to seven bottles of wine a NIGHT after watching his fiancée die Murder of Righteous Brothers singer's ex-wife SOLVED: DNA test finds killer 40 years after woman was raped and strangled with her pantyhose Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezes in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Lost him to cancer Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Sought after supermodel Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence layers up in oversized shearling coat as she enjoys a rare evening off from filming new flick in Hungary Filming new spy thriller Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand Trouble for the Today show? Rumors swirl that Megyn Kelly is 'being groomed to take Savannah Guthrie's anchor position' as NBC revamps morning show 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  Nightmarish image  Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as the romance between his ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda Discreet appearance Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks... Tom Hardy's drama wanted to challenge convention It was controversial The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world' 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell Exciting news for fans Serena and Venus Williams share a tender moment after little sister beat her older sibling to win the Australian Open - before declaring 'she is my inspiration'  Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE fiance as she hugs Karlie Kloss after winning Australian Open Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel The 35-year-old was a showstopper Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event In LA Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Sophisticated black frock Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Showed off her long legs in the black number Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA She remains a stunning style icon Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Turning heads Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Looked chic in black A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Pregnant star Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Her outfit hugged her bulging baby bump Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party She cut a professional chic figure 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Event took place at the Sunset Tower Hotel 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Judy Garland superfan spent $15K on the crypt next to hers, but his dreams of spending eternity with starlet are dashed now that her body has been moved She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA She also rocked a motorcycle jacket with a pink furry collar Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere 'Blow me away': Chloe Lattanzi's face is covered but she still flaunts her VERY ample cleavage as she snaps a selfie during Portland wind storm 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Prince Charles dismayed the public has become overly 'obsessed' with Brexit to the detriment of other world issues Expressed his concerns Rylan Clark Neal and Speidi FINALLY bury the hatchet following their Celebrity Big Brother eviction... and even declare each other 'friends' Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles King of Pop's daughter stepped out in LA Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration She dazzled Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The two starlets were an arresting sight in red 'Two special girls'! Marla Maples shares pointed throwback snap of herself with Ivanka and Tiffany Trump as girls - after Ivanka said she and her stepmother weren't close Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala Donned a two-piece black pantsuit Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Shopping in Beverly Hills at Saks Fifth Avenue Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills The reality star wore tiny black shorts  Paul McCartney's ex Heather Mills, 49, shows off her figure in a plunging mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria Schuyler Sisters of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton will sing America the Beautiful at Super Bowl 51 In Houston, Texas, on February 5 All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Support system! Paul Rudd joins screenwriter wife Julie at Sundance premiere of their new film Fun Mom Dinner Posed at its world premiere  Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Former Victoria's Secret Angel  David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Brokeback Mountain star Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA The 26-year-old Twilight star  Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store Spotted in Beverly Hills, California  'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film A series of 'moving poster' videos A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala The event was at the Microsoft Theater at L.A.  Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds It's been a sad few weeks for the Fisher family PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion New line-up is revealed for the show 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her youthful complexion and famous cleavage in party dress at Paris bash Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  As the Queen opens her secret archive for the first time ROBERT HARDMAN is given exclusive access to astonishing revelations about the real George III EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  They have hired a team of gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return     DON'T MISS Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less Today's headlines Most Read Trump's immigration ban derailed: Federal court grants emergency stay temporarily HALTING deportation of... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick pledges to compensate 'thousands of its drivers' affected by the immigration ban... Sia, Rosie O'Donnell and Judd Apatow celebrate legal victory against Trump's Muslim ban by each promising to... What does the emergency stay of execution mean for detained travelers and what happens next? Female intruder snuck into GOP retreat using fake credentials saying she was a congressman's wife on the day... Snack smugglers beware! Posh New York theater shames movie fans bringing in their own food and warns... New York plans to install vast system of facial recognition cameras that matches drivers licenses to social... FedEx delivery driver lauded as a hero after stopping protesters from lighting American flags on fire Distraught woman facing deportation to Chile attempts suicide at JFK Airport 24 hours before Trump's... Decapitated bodies of three police officers are found in southern Mexico in suspected cartel-related torture... 'Granny just killed momma': Florida grandmother is arrested after she 'stabbed daughter and murdered son'... 10 people injured in mass shooting during party at National Guard Armory building in Tennessee California Governor Jerry Brown to get further prostate cancer treatment starting in February but will... 'Let them eat cake': Ivanka Trump is criticized for posting glamorous picture of herself in $5k gown with... Iran will retaliate against Trump's immigration ban by 'limiting visas to American tourists' - as Canadian... Chaos at JFK: Protesters descend on airport after 12 travelers are held overnight in confusion at Trump... 'We are equals': Trump and Putin vow to maintain 'regular personal contact' in their first call, discuss... Trump gives Pentagon 30 days to come up with ISIS strategy as he restructures National Security Council to... Could an Oscar-nominated Iranian be stopped from attending awards? Director up for best foreign film may be... NBA calls for Trump to clarify his immigration ban as players including Sudan-born Luol Deng and Thon Maker... Sir Mo Farah faces being BANNED from returning to his family in America under Donald Trump’s immigration... 'We wouldn't exist without immigration': Apple CEO Tim Cook slams Trump's executive order as Mark Zuckerberg... 'Trump is right!' Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu hails the president's border plans because the wall... Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans... Texas mosque is destroyed in blaze hours after Donald Trump signs executive order banning immigration from... Trump's efforts to 'drain the swamp' see him ban administration officials from lobbying the US on behalf of... Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he... The obscure truth about THAT picture: Theresa May had to take hold of Donald Trump's hand because 'the US... Trump beats Obama's executive action first week record: President who criticized his predecessor for... MORE HEADLINES MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish LG Sends Out Invites For Their MWC 2017 Conference By Tyler Lee on 01/18/2017 19:22 PST It is no secret that LG will probably announce the LG G6 at MWC 2017. To confirm it, the company has actually announced and put out a public invitation to its MWC 2017 event which is taking place on the 26th of February, 2017 at 12PM in Barcelona. We will be in attendance so do check back with us then for the official details. So far LG has confirmed several features about the LG G6 that we can look forward to. For starters the phone is said to feature a 5.7-inch QHD+ 18:9 display and it is also doing away with the modular concept for now. Recently we’ve also heard that LG could be considering using copper heat pipes to help cool the phone to prevent overheating. They have also seemingly teased that the phone will be waterproof (or water resistant at the very least). Given that major manufacturers like Samsung and Apple have hopped on board the waterproofing bandwagon in recent times, it isn’t surprising to see LG following suit, although neither company were the first to the market with such devices. In any case all will soon be revealed, and judging by the teaser it seems to suggest that maybe the LG G6 could also sport an edge-to-edge display, but either way check back with us on the 26th of February for more information. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about LG, LG G6, MWC and mwc 2017. Related Articles 2017-01-26 LG's New Pocket Photo Printer Enables Easy Printing On The Move 2017-01-26 Xiaomi Will Be A No-Show At MWC 2017 2017-01-25 Apple’s Online Store Now Accepting Reviews For The LG 5K Display 2017-01-25 Apple May Be Removing Bad LG UltraFine 5K Display Reviews 2017-01-23 LG G6 Might Not Come With The Snapdragon 835 2017-01-23 Alleged Photos Of LG’s Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches Leaked 2017-01-23 LG G6 Photo Leaked Ahead Of MWC 2017 2017-01-19 LG G6 Renders Possibly Revealed By Casemaker 2017-01-10 LG G6 ‘Confirmed’ For MWC 2017, Will Be Released In March Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek One app to rule them all. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Tech WeChat's App Revolution Adam Minter is a Bloomberg View columnist. He is the author of “Junkyard Planet: Travels in the Billion-Dollar Trash Trade.” Read More. @AdamMinter Jan 18, 2017 7:04 PM EST a | A By Adam Minter The biggest long-term threat to the iPhone isn't Android, Samsung Electronics Co. or China's bevy of cheap phone makers. Instead, it's a deceptively simple idea: Apps work better if you embed them in a single program, rather than let them proliferate across your home screen. WeChat, China's leading social media app, just launched a new platform with exactly that idea in mind. It has the potential to reconfigure smartphones as radically as anything since the first iPhone was released. The company calls the concept "mini programs," and the idea is that users can call up useful features from third parties -- photo filters, language tools, ride-sharing services -- within the WeChat app and use them instantly, with no downloading or installation required. Although that sounds like a modest innovation, it solves two crucial problems plaguing the app model. First, the average size of an app has been increasing as developers pack in more features and media to take advantage of better screens and hardware. That's not a problem if you have unlimited data and a brand new iPhone 7. But in emerging markets, where smartphone use is growing quickly, consumers tend to use capped data plans and older phone models with less memory. So big apps aren't just inconvenient -- they're less likely to be downloaded in the first place. The second problem is one shared by users worldwide: Registering an app is annoying. E-commerce apps, in particular, require usernames, passwords, payment information and e-mail addresses before they'll work. Inputting all that is aggravating on a small screen, and worrisome at a time when identity theft is rising (especially in China). And how often do you really use that pizza-ordering app that holds all your personal info? Mini programs, by contrast, aren't found in an app store. Users get links to them from friends or groups in a chat, or by scanning a QR code in real life (at a restaurant, say). Because they operate from the cloud, there's no bandwidth-eating downloads. Because they accept payments from WeChat's wallet, there's no need to register or divulge payment information. Even better, on Android the mini programs can be pinned to the home screen. They work just like regular apps, in other words, only without all the hassle. WeChat isn't the only service to experiment with mini programs, but it's better positioned than any other to succeed. For one thing, it has 768 million daily users, half of whom spend at least 90 minutes per day on the service. It's increasingly synonymous with the internet in China: Drop into a subway train and everyone you see is using it. Those users aren't just chatting or sharing vacation photos with friends. They're also interacting with "official accounts" run by companies, which appear in a user's timeline and push news and merchandise. WeChat facilitates payments made to those accounts through its wallet. (Unlike with Apple Pay, it doesn't require a phone with a fingerprint reader.) Users get access to promotions, products, services and even tools to pay their utility bills, all in a format that makes commerce an inherently social activity. That convenience, in turn, makes WeChat a powerful shopping destination -- even a lifestyle -- which keeps users in the ecosystem. WeChat had already morphed beyond its roots as a chat service to become a one-stop app for everything, from banking to shopping to dating to dining. With each new feature and service it adds, users have fewer and fewer reasons to leave it, or to download other apps. Mini programs may eliminate the need altogether. In short, WeChat is starting to look quite a bit like a mobile operating system. As it becomes more powerful and self-contained, Chinese phone consumers will stop asking what phone and operating system they should buy, and start contemplating what phone best runs WeChat. That's a long-term threat to iOS and Android, as well as any company that makes phones to run them. Apple Inc. isn't taking this development lightly. It even prohibited WeChat from using the term "app" as applied to mini programs. But the challenge to the App Store might be the least of Apple's worries. For now, WeChat is changing smartphones in China. One day soon, its impact will be felt worldwide.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Adam Minter at aminter@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Timothy Lavin at tlavin1@bloomberg.net Facebook Twitter Email PrintComments Adam Minter is a Bloomberg View columnist. He is the author of “Junkyard Planet: Travels in the Billion-Dollar Trash Trade.” Read more @AdamMinter Most Popular Mohamed A. El-Erian A Blunt and Counterproductive Travel Ban Ramesh Ponnuru How a Clever GOP Tax Plan Managed to Baffle Everyone Jonathan Bernstein McCain Should Stand Up to Trump. Right Now. Margaret Carlson Slow Down, Mr. President Editorial Board Can Trump Win Friends and Influence People? Eli Lake Trump Avoids Making a Trade Promise He Can't Keep Timothy L. O'Brien Trump's Long Embrace of Alternative Facts View Contributors Mohamed A. El-Erian Barry Ritholtz Eli Lake Noah Feldman Leonid Bershidsky ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Terms of ServicePrivacy Policy
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → Automatic Photo Enhancement by Photolemur for Mac Bob LeVitus @LeVitus Jan 18th, 2017 7:03 PM EST | Dr. Mac's Rants & Raves Dr. Mac’s Rants & Raves Episode #210 Last week I raved about Luminar, a new, reasonably-priced, easy-to-use image editor for macOS. Whilst talking to a friend about it, he interrupted and said, “I don’t want to do anything. I just want to click a button and have my pictures improved.” I asked if he knew about the Enhance tool in the Photos app; he said it didn’t do much for most pictures and I agreed. While it sometimes works great, it usually doesn’t do much. He told me what he wanted was a smart enhance button that just fixed pictures with a single click. Introducing Photolemur After mulling it over a bit, I realized I’ve been beta testing a program called Photolemur that might be just the ticket. At the same time, it dawned on me that not everyone enjoys tweaking photos as much as I do. So, for those who prefer having your photos improved automagically, the just-released Photolemur 1.0 ($49) may be just what you’ve been looking for. Arthur C. Clarke’s third law states that, “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.” While Photolemur doesn’t do magic on every photo, it did magically improve almost all the test shots I fed it, with 70–80% of them noticeably improved despite a wide variety of flaws and subjects. Using Photolemur: Before (left) and after (right). It’s extremely simple for the user: Drag a picture or folder full of pictures onto the Photolemur icon to enhance them one at a time or all at once. Then, there’s just one slider control with Realistic at the left end and Vivid on the right. Slide it left or right (or don’t), and then export your improved picture. Photolemur’s only slider control set to 100% Realistic (left), Default (middle) and 100% Vivid (right). There’s even an extension so you can access Photolemur from within Apple’s Photos app. Photolemur vs. Photos I was curious as to why Photolemur delivered better results than Photos’ Enhance tool; what I discovered was that while it looks simple to the user, the technology behind Photolemur is very smart. It analyzes millions of pixels per second, identifies features like faces or trees, and then automatically makes the necessary corrections and adjustments including color recovery, sky enhancement, exposure, foliage enhancement, noise reduction, JPG fix, RAW processing, and more. It’s not a million times better than the Enhance tool in Photos, but it was almost always somewhat better, and often a lot better. The coolest part is that Photolemur is designed to continually improve itself. Every saved or shared photo is added to its virtual “success” database, and every photo that isn’t saved or shared is added to its virtual “blacklist.” That means, at least in theory, Photolemur will improve over time and achieve even better results. So, if you aren’t into tweaking your photos manually, testing presets and filters, or experimenting with tools and settings, give Photolemur a try. It’s currently for Mac only; there’s a free demo available; and it includes a 30-day money back guarantee. You can’t ask for more than that. Photolemur for Mac. $49. www.photolemur.com and that’s all he wrote…  Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Photolemur, photos 2 Comments Add a comment pawolverine January 19, 2017 I have to admit that I haven’t used Photolemur much, but I was not overly impressed. It could just be the type of photos I’ve been feeding it or just haven’t used it enough for it to improve itself. January 19, 2017 at 2:47 EST PM Bob LeVitus January 19, 2017 Some shots aren’t improved as much as others. But I improved more than 70% of mine enough to notice in a few seconds each. January 19, 2017 at 4:29 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.72 -0.22 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member HBO Go Gets TV App, Single Sign On Support Apple Extends Developer Promo for App Store Search Ads Recent Tips See All » How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Report Problem iTunes Purchases through Apple's Website Apple Watch: Adjusting Your Move Goal on the Fly macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos Recent Editorials See All » How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea 9602 Bob LeVitus dr-macs-rants-raves 2 1484766229 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] January 18 AAPL: 119.99 -0.01 Hulu CEO talks upcoming live streaming TV bundle & offline viewing support in new interview Chance Miller - Jan. 18th 2017 6:36 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple TV View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit At the end of last year, Netflix updated its iOS app with long-awaited support for offline playback and now Hulu is planning to do the same. In a new interview with Adweek, Hulu CEO Mike Hopkins touched on Hulu’s plans for offline viewing, a streaming TV service, and more. Speaking on the company’s upcoming live streaming bundle, Hopkins explained that Hulu worked hard to secure deals with all four of the major networks, specifically CBS, which AT&T’s DirecTV Now lacks. Hopkins explained that he wants Hulu’s live streaming platform to be sports-centric, which is a central point of CBS’s offerings: CBS has the No. 1 network [in ages] 18-54, and they have a lot of really great programming. We’re going to make this a sports-centric offering, and if you’re going to make that part of your package, you have to have NFL, you have to have the complete March Madness package and all of the other great sports that they have. We thought it would be important to have the big four broadcasters, and CBS certainly rounds that package out for us. Hopkins also touched on Hulu’s plan to include a cloud DVR with its streaming service, explaining that for the service to be a “complete offering,” DVR support is something that must be there. One feature that Hulu also has in the pipeline is offline video support. Hopkins explained that saving content for offline viewing is something that’s on Hulu’s “road map.” While there’s no clear time-table for the rollout, the feature is coming in a “few months” as Hulu works to secure rights from partners and perfecting the technology. Yes, it’s definitely on our road map. It’s something that we’re going be doing in a few months. We’re working hard on the technology around that and getting the rights squared away. Hulu’s iOS app was updated recently with support for user profiles, something that Netflix has offered for a while now. Each user profile can be fully customized with their own Watchlist, recommendations, and viewing history. Hulu’s plans for a streaming TV bundle come following DirecTV Now and Apple’s own failed efforts at creating a similar service. Apple reportedly gave up on its quest due to trouble negotiating with networks and securing rights to local stations. Perhaps now that DirecTV and Hulu are in the market, Apple will reconsider its plans, but for now the company continues to tout the tvOS App Store. Guides Apple TV View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business Brexit Sunday 29 January 2017 Brexit will bring US multinationals to Ireland - Ambassador Kevin O Malley Philip Ryan Twitter Email Published 19/01/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Brexit will bring US multinationals to Ireland - Ambassador Kevin O Malley Independent.ie Outgoing US Ambassador to Ireland Kevin O'Malley believes Britain's decision to leave the EU will result in more American multinational companies investing here. http://www.independent.ie/business/brexit/brexit-will-bring-us-multinationals-to-ireland-ambassador-kevin-o-malley-35379468.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35378941.ece/7c58a/AUTOCROP/h342/14%20NEWS%20ii%20Kevin%20%2010.jpg Email Kevin O’Malley, outgoing US Ambassador to Ireland, at his residence in Phoenix Park. Photo: Mark Condren Outgoing US Ambassador to Ireland Kevin O'Malley believes Britain's decision to leave the EU will result in more American multinational companies investing here. Share Brexit will bring US multinationals to Ireland - Ambassador Kevin O Malley Independent.ie Outgoing US Ambassador to Ireland Kevin O'Malley believes Britain's decision to leave the EU will result in more American multinational companies investing here. http://www.independent.ie/business/brexit/brexit-will-bring-us-multinationals-to-ireland-ambassador-kevin-o-malley-35379468.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35378941.ece/7c58a/AUTOCROP/h342/14%20NEWS%20ii%20Kevin%20%2010.jpg Email Go To Comments Mr O'Malley said Ireland would be the last English speaking country in the EU once Brexit negotiations were finalised, and this would make the country even more attractive to US businesses. Speaking to the Irish Independent in his Phoenix Park residence in Dublin, the Ambassador claimed US firms did not move to Ireland for tax avoidance purposes but rather to take advantage of our well-educated workforce and open business culture. "Americans like dealing with the Irish and I think the Irish like to deal with the Americans and that's the reason this works," Mr O'Malley said. In a clear swipe at president-elect Donald Trump, the Ambassador said: "That's not dependent on any one person or any one administration - that's based upon a couple of centuries of history and a couple of centuries of shared DNA." Mr O'Malley said there would be challenges for Ireland once Britain left the EU but insisted Brexit would present the Government with mostly positive opportunities. Central to these opportunities was the chance to lure companies from the US and other countries by marketing Ireland as the last English speaking access point to the EU. He described Ireland as the "jumping-off point" for countries seeking to move into the European market. Mr O'Malley said technological advancements and the changing face of globalisation meant the tax polices in most countries had become "antiquated" and needed to be updated. However, he said Mr Trump's plan to drastically cut US corporation tax to lure multinationals back to the US was unlikely to have a knock-on effect for Irish-based companies. He also noted that Irish companies had created more jobs in the US than American firms had made in Ireland. "American corporations have done very well in Ireland. "There is no reason to think they are not going to continue to do well in Ireland," he said. "In Ireland, US multinationals provide employment for 140,000 people. "Irish companies in the United States provide more jobs so America is a net winner on this issue." He said foreign direct investment by US companies in Ireland had created "high quality jobs that provide a good salary" which in turn also "provides a lot of self-respect" for workers. "I have visited many of the American multinationals here and the workers understand they are producing world-class products and that adds to the swagger of the step of the worker," he said. Mr O'Malley said the EU's €13bn unpaid tax ruling against tech giant Apple led to "uncertainty" among US firms considering investing in Ireland but insisted the country's image was not damaged by the controversy in America. "I think most Americans who have studied the issue believe the companies are not here for tax avoidance," he said. "They believe they are here because they see it as a way to grow the market into the EU and we can rely on a clear tax code. We can rely on the integrity and dedication and education of the Irish worker. "We can rely on that we don't have to translate words or money because we speak the same language." Separately, Mr O'Malley said he hoped Mr Trump would continue the US tradition of playing a central role in the peace process in Northern Ireland. "It is a place that we have historically been able to do some good with, and I would like to think we would continue to be beneficial to the parties in the North if we can help them to get through these crises they have," he said. Irish Independent Follow @Indobusiness Related Content Outgoing US ambassador sees a bright future here Investment banks to move staff when UK leaves Europe Kenny invites May to make historic Dáil address on visit Ireland will position itself as a 'stable country', amidst Brexit chaos 'Hard' Brexit simply means Ireland will have to be hyper-competitive to attract new business here Dublin set to benefit from Brexit first movers Read More Brexit and Trump - the perfect storm Ireland now has to face up to  Padraic White We face more threats to the Irish economic model now than I can ever remember. To name a few: Brexit, the Trump Presidency and the hostility of the EU Commission to our success in attracting foreign... Brexit offers Irish firms a massive opportunity to tap into the Nigerian education market  Fred Klinkenberg Despite its current economic difficulties, Nigeria is increasingly becoming recognised as a future consumer powerhouse, with a growing middle-class with aspirations rising hand-in-hand with incomes. Ireland's economic model facing its biggest ever threat, says former IDA boss White  Samantha McCaughren The former head of the IDA has said that Ireland's business model has never faced as serious a threat as it does now from pressures such as Brexit and the EU's "attack" on our tax regime. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Bank of China in post-Brexit talks to swap UK for Dublin  Brexit IDA expects raft of drug firms to relocate here  Brexit Influx of Brexit workers to put extra strain on housing market  Brexit KGB chief linked to Trump file found dead amid Kremlin cover up claims  Europe Oscar-nominated director Asghar Farhadi unable to attend Academy Awards because of...  Movie News 'It's not a Muslim ban...it's working out nicely,' says Trump as detained refugees sue  North America Many Clouds collapses and dies just moments after beating Thistlecrack in Cheltenham...  Horse Racing Ian O'Doherty: A two fingers to a politically correct elite  Ian O'Doherty UN agencies call on Trump to allow refugees entry as passengers with valid visas 'barred from US flights' Taoiseach forced into embarrassing u-turn over Sinn Fein coalition comments 'Michael Flatley sold his soul by performing for Donald Trump' - Irish soprano Celine Byrne Comment: Why I’m not ashamed to admit I actually like Melania Trump Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business Brexit and Trump - the perfect storm Ireland now has to face up to We face more threats to the Irish economic model now... Brexit offers Irish firms a massive opportunity to tap into the Nigerian education... Despite its current economic difficulties, Nigeria is... Ireland's economic model facing its biggest ever threat, says former IDA boss White The former head of the IDA has said that Ireland's... Ireland 'is shooting itself in the foot' over mix of Brexit and Alcohol Bill Tourists and shoppers who want to purchase Guinness-... Barclays' Dublin plan could see 'large wave' of Brexit arrivals Last Thursday's confirmation that Barclays intends to use Dublin as its post-Brexit EU hub in... Bank of China in post-Brexit talks to swap UK for Dublin Two major Asian banks are in "advanced talks" with the State to move part of their... 2017: A year in which we must turn threats into opportunities 2016 was certainly a year in which... Brexit vote and online sales hit retailers Irish retail sales fell in December once car sales are stripped out, with signs cross-border... Trump cites Doonbeg wall row as example of why UK right to quit EU Donald Trump cited his struggles to build a... Consumers drive growth as UK defies Brexit gloom Britain's free-spending consumers again confounded warnings that June's Brexit vote would... How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: iPhone marks 10th anniversary The iPhone, the device that redefined the mobile phone and has helped make... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals NI travel Video Podcasts Search Go
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,294.69 -1.99 (-0.09%) Dow 30 20,093.78 -7.13 (-0.04%) Nasdaq 5,660.78 5.61 (0.10%) Pogue’s Basics: Money - Supply your own cable modem David Pogue Yahoo FinanceJanuary 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share At this moment, you’re paying about $10 a month to rent your cable modem, the gadget that brings high-speed Internet into your house. $10 a month, forever. For no reason! Buy your own cable modem for $100, return the one you’ve been renting, and boom: $120 a year in savings. Before you shop for your own modem, make sure you’ve found one that works with your cable company. Do a Google search for, for example, “Comcast compatible modems.” Once you’ve ordered the modem, call up the cable company and let them know you’ve bought your own. It’s perfectly OK and increasingly common. They’ll walk you through setting it up. They’ll give you the address of a return center for shipping back the one you’ve been renting. And then they’ll take that $10 fee off your monthly bill! How cool is that? More Pogue: iOS 10 Hidden Feature: Bedtime-consistency management Pogue’s Basics: Money – The Amazon card iOS 10 Hidden Feature: Do Not Disturb Emergency Bypass Pogue’s Basics: Money – Extended warranties Pogue’s cheap, unexpected tech gifts #2: ThinOptics glasses A dozen iOS 10 feature gems that Apple forgot to mention GoPro’s most exciting mount yet: a drone Professional-looking blurry backgrounds come to the iPhone 7 Plus Pogue’s Basics: Turn off Samsung’s Smart Guide Pogue Basics: Touch and hold Google Maps The Apple Watch 2 is faster, waterproof—and more overloaded than ever We sent a balloon into space — and an epic scavenger hunt ensued Now I get it: Snapchat The new Fitbits are smarter, better-looking, and more well-rounded Apple has killed every jack but one: Meet USB-C       Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Alphabet’s ‘other bets’ are bringing in more money, but still cost tons Business Insider The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 Banyan HillSponsored Trump may have found his big ally to counterbalance China — and it's not Russia CNBC A Harvard student who received internship offers from Apple, McKinsey, and Goldman Sachs explains how to answer 'Tell me about yourself' Business Insider U.S. tech leaders sound alarm over Trump immigration ban Reuters Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored Remembering the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster Yahoo Finance Video Honeywell CEO sees management lessons in New England Patriots Yahoo Finance 5 tax changes you need to know about for the 2017 filing season Yahoo Finance How Older Women Tighten Skin BrilliantBlushCollectionSponsored Bill Gates Says These Are the Jobs He Would Drop Out of College for Today Fortune Police Are Warning Against This Scary New Phone Scam Real Simple Cramer finally reveals whether he is pro-Trump or anti-Tr... CNBC Videos This Cures Every Skin Condition Known To Man Gundry MDSponsored ‘Resident Evil 7’ review: It's a screaming good time Yahoo Finance Trump sets 5-year and lifetime lobbying ban for officials Associated Press Despair, confusion reign as Trump's travel ban hits Steve: "Before Trump signed the order, more than 67,000 refugees had been approved by the federal government to enter the U.S." THANK GOD FOR TRUMP! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 971 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Less Than 4 Days Get Yours Today Crunch Network Tyrant in the code Posted Jan 18, 2017 by Cyrus Radfar (@cyrusradfar) 0 SHARES Next Story 2016 is the new hottest year on record – how NASA takes the planet’s temperature Cyrus Radfar Crunch Network Contributor Cyrus Radfar is a founding engineer of AddThis, which was acquired by Oracle. More posts by this contributor: Apple lays the groundwork to kill online advertising How to join the network Mankind has a complex relationship with the notion of Artificial Intelligence. Tinged with both fear and fascination; the timeline for AI development is punctuated by cultural and historical events that have brought with them new speculation and theories. Mechanical men and artificial beings were a prevalent feature of Greek myth, including the golden robots of Hephaestus and Pygmalion’s Galatea; Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein introduced generations of readers to a terrifying idea of non-human intelligence; and, in more recent times, the dialogue has included the idea of computerized tech becoming a threat to the existence of our species. These recent concerns culminated in the 2015 “Open Letter on Artificial Intelligence”, signed by over 150 people including Professor Stephen Hawking, and have been perpetuated by Elon Musk’s occasional ominous remarks. In 2014, the entrepreneur billionaire wrote on Twitter that “We need to be super careful with AI”, and that it is “Potentially more dangerous than nukes”; less than a year later, Musk donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute towards research into how mankind can keep a handle on AI; and in June of this year, he expressed a concern over tech giants, Facebook and Google, leaning closer towards intelligent robotics. However, the concerns of Hawking, Musk and other influential technocrats and academics are not as far-flung in the future as you might think. In fact, AI is already deeply ingrained in our society in a far more subtle and sinister way. The latest outburst in our ongoing relationship with AI occurred in the aftermath of Trump’s election. News outlets reported on the “Facebook bubble” – an echo chamber of personalized news feeds that shielded users from opposing views and exposed them to a stream of content that reinforced their existing beliefs.  The criticism was that Facebook failed to allow for a meaningful discourse between different political factions. And while the claim was denied by Mark Zuckerberg, there were similar complaints in the United Kingdom after the surprising Brexit referendum result. At its most benign, this bubble corrupted the pollsters’ predictions; at its worst, it impacted the results of two of the most important political decisions of the century in the Western world. Perhaps it’s time to take a closer look at the supposed bias of the technology we interface with on a daily basis, and ask some serious questions about what its implications are, and will potentially be, in the future. 3D render of a robot trying to solve a wooden cube puzzle Machine Learning and the “Sea of Dudes” The current problems faced by AI come down to the age-old, complex relationship between creator and creation. If we are creating a system of machine learning that plays a fundamental role in all aspects of society, then the danger is that we run the risk that the systems’ creators will pass on their own inherent and natural biases onto these machines. A tech-based society has often been heralded as the future’s solution to prejudice and inequality. H.G. Wells imagined machine-run utopias where the human inhabitants were free to explore their passions and politically liberal pursuits; likewise, Edward Bellamy’s novel, Looking Backward, envisioned a libertarian socialist system built on the foundations of technological advances. Even in more recent times, digital technologies have kept up a sheen of utopian promise and were seen as a real and tangible key to unlocking universal social justice. Professor B.C. Mahapatra claimed that “Computerized education will reduce prejudice as no other system can” due to the suggestion that computers lack “prejudice, bias, or bigotry.” However, the idea that technology might end prejudice is coming under increasing scrutiny and appearing more and more spurious. Instead, questions have been raised in the public sphere about the extent of tech’s bias, particularly in the algorithms that run through social media and search engine sites. Even before media and the public began questioning Facebook’s supposed “news bubble” in the aftermath of Brexit and the election, the US Senate demanded an official explanation from Zuckerberg about the platform’s perceived liberal bias concerning trending topics.  And again Facecbook denied the accusation that it was manipulating content and somehow tailoring the news that its users were sharing . Google has also come under fire for a seemingly biased gremlin in the machine. Recently, graphic designer Johana Burai’s research into pictures of “hands” showed that almost all the searches yielded by Google were white, and that searches for “black hands” or “African hands” tended to show images in questionable contexts i.e. a white hand reaching out to offer help to a black one, or hands working in the earth. In June, a tweet went viral where a gentleman compared the image search results from “three black teenagers” vs “three white teenagers.” YOOOOOO LOOK AT THIS pic.twitter.com/uY1JysFm8w — 💫deadbeat daddy💫 (@iBeKabir) June 7, 2016 Both highlight the fact that our algorithms amplify our worst tendencies. The systems are trained and learn from human behaviors at their rawest and most unfiltered. Although Google isn’t racist, the people it’s learning from surely have some biases. Of course, the fact that technology is biased shouldn’t come as too much of a shock to any of us. More often than not, technological advances have favored their creator, unconsciously at least. Any left-handed person will testify to the problems they’ve encountered using scissors, ledgers and can-openers. As Professor H. Vanderleest wrote in his essay “The Built-in Bias of Technology”, “Technology is obviously biased towards at least one use – the use intended by the designer.” The problem is that we’re not just talking about the bias of scissors, ledgers and can-openers, and a quick glance at the demographics of those working in the tech industry points to a hugely disproportionate lack of women, and Black and Latino people. The concern is that this homogeneity of white men – the “sea of dudes”, as Margaret Mitchell, researcher at Microsoft, calls it – will unconsciously program their machines with a narrow world-view. Beyond the design bias introduced by a homogenous group of people, early products and systems are biased by their first adopters. In many cases, those first adopters are socially connected to the team that creates the products. Networks, especially, are very biased by the first cohorts that use the platform. They decide on the culture and drive the decisions of the product creators. The early adopters, often, become the most successful users because they are scaffolded and promoted by the product to advertise success stories to the world. This is especially true for social networks where the cost and difficulty in gaining a following gets more difficult over time as the network saturates. The implications of these biases are potentially dire to certain groups of people. What if your ability to access the latest networks was essential to your position in society? That’s not so far from reality today. The more and more our online statuses and the algorithms that are incumbent on them reflect themselves in our offline lives, the more power we place in a system that is largely out of our control and beyond our understanding. Reimagining the Glass Ceiling Effect The bias of tech and its implications has the potential to go far deeper than the homogeneous “sea of dudes”. As society becomes more dependent on technology, we risk exacerbating existing biases, and even creating new areas of prejudice by not actively working towards diversification or considering the morality of our product decisions. The root of this problem lies in a user’s ability to interface with the newest technologies in the first place. This is a problem that certain minorities have been living with since computerized tech took such a prominent place in our everyday lives. The blind community, for instance, has often been unable to interface with the latest tech advances. Until Apple added VoiceOver to the iPhone 3GS in 2009, smartphones were just expensive paperweights for the blind; those with sight problems are often stopped in their tracks by websites with early versions of CAPTCHA. The ever-increasing use of images on sites such as Buzzfeed and general social media means that there are still areas of the Internet that are simply off-limits. Baby boomers and the elderly have fallen victim to the quickening and often myopic march of tech. Because they often lack the education or cultural know-how of younger generations, many of them are left on the periphery of certain industries, and there are plenty of reported cases of elderly workers not considered for positions or even forced from their jobs. As recently as 2007, Zuckerberg made the contentious statement that “Young people are just smarter”, and voiced his preference for hiring people below the age of 30. It seems that Silicon Valley hasn’t moved on much and ageism is still running rampant. These examples are foreboding warnings as to how easy it already is to fall behind in society as a result of one’s relationship with tech. The natural extension of this: we have created a system where those who are able to keep up with the latest technological advances are at an immediate advantage. A study into the five stages of technology adoption shows that the first, early adopters, don’t just influence the bias of networks, they also have a significant impact on the development of all tech advances. According to the study, the “innovators” and “early adopters” of tech make up just 16% of the consumer market, and “are typically younger in age, have a higher social status, have more financial liquidity, advanced education, and are more socially forward than late adopters.” This would have serious ramifications for the other 84% of tech customers who are neither “innovators” or “early adopters”. Money and time would be invaluable resources that would have a direct correlation to someone’s social position, ability to generate wealth and how easily they could climb the career ladder. Suddenly, the inherent bias of tech has taken a turn towards socio-economics and keeping us in an unjust social prison that many hoped it would help us to break out of. The increasing influence of tech has become crucial for the millennial generations. Audience has become a form of wealth and, for many, it’s core to how we live. It is reputation, and affects how we’re treated every day. More and more, our online statuses are having a direct bearing on our offline lives. In modern day contemporary networking, a good LinkedIn profile is essential; long gone are the days of inebriated profile pictures as they may bring us into disrepute with a boss, potential boss or future employer. We’re no longer simply judged on face-to-face meetings but instead on what a Google search spews out. So, who will this affect? It’s clear that those who go to less expensive schools and don’t have the means to keep up with the latest software and gadgets will be at a disadvantage. In tech-marketing terms, these groups are known as “Late majority” or “Laggards”. They share traits of being older in age, and lower in social status and, often, wealth. The issue is that these biases exist beyond our control. That’s not to say that the systems adopt a conscious bias. As I’ve already mentioned, much of the problem lies in the disproportionate demographics working in the tech industry, but it is also a result of how tech relates to marketing and metrics. Using machine learning and algorithms to sell to target audiences is about simplifying the problem without taking into consideration the wider problem of who might be left behind. Explicit marketing bias by its very nature includes and excludes certain groups. While none of these systems are necessarily malevolent or ill-intentioned,  the reality is that they are silencing huge swathes of society and, in the process, selling keys to the doors of the future that many people simply can’t afford. Fixing the Problem: A Question of What We Accept The major problems faced in our relationship with AI are three-fold: the tech is not created by a proportionate representation of society; the first adopters that are helped to succeed on the platforms are skewed due to their relationship with the creators; and the moral implications of tech advances aren’t taken into consideration. Of course, there’s no simple solution to any of these problems. Diversity of the creators will drive a diversity of the first users but that’s not enough. Tech giants are increasingly working towards assembling better, more diverse data sets to combat the second issue. Or, at least, they’re acknowledging that there’s a problem. Facebook and Google have consistently spoken about working towards a more diverse team of employees; and, after the Tay chatbot displayed racist, homophobic and sexist personality traits, Microsoft have insisted they’re making a determined effort “to do a better job of classifying gender and other diversity signals in training data sets.” However, how can society go about addressing the lack of foresight: ensuring that tech companies consider the moral implications of the products and AI they’re creating? Machine learning systems aren’t programmed to take morality into consideration. They’re functional. They are more concerned with marketing and metrics than creating a fairer world. AI is created in mankind’s image, always working towards an answer, and in order to get there often operates as efficiently as possible. To break down a problem you must simplify it; it doesn’t help by adding in variables to do with fairly representing all demographics and making sure that no one is left behind. Let’s not forget that humans simplify problems, as well, to get through the tens of thousands of decisions we make every day. The negative side is we end up stereotyping, generalizing, and create false connections between cause and effect. One solution could be to offset machine bias in the same way that we have done with humans. Input a mix of different known biases into the system. By creating AIs with different sets of bias, it’s possible that their prejudices would level the playing ground by building a middle ground consensus. Of course, the notion of applying theoretical restraints on the future of AI and machine learning is laced with difficulties. Not only would it be nigh-on-impossible to enforce such a regime on the myriad of tech companies that employ these algorithmic systems, but it would be an uneasy, dictatorial restriction on the freedom we have over technological advances. Perhaps the only viable solution lies in the hands of AI’s creators. It’s up to them to apply the moral standards onto what they create and to do their best to ensure that the latest products aren’t only available to the more affluent sections of society. And perhaps it’s also up to us to make sure that they do so. By being vigilant with tech giants we can ensure they use AI to close the gaps of diversity instead of widening them. Otherwise, we will carry the status quo of bias into the tech era, amplifying old prejudices and creating new ones along the way. Featured Image: oneinchpunch/Shutterstock 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Popular Posts Featured Stories Designing for space at a young age VIDEO | 1:12 | News Delete your account 12 hours ago | John Biggs Tech reacts to Trump’s immigration ban 14 hours ago | Frederic Lardinois, Kate Conger Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta yesterday | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 yesterday | Natasha Lomas Latest From TechCrunch Forget flying cars — passenger drones are the future 7 hours ago | Joe Blair Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an email to employees about the immigration ban 10 hours ago | Jonathan Shieber Uber CEO offers compensation for drivers impacted by immigration ban, will talk to Trump 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Consumer-oriented investors may have an edge investing in digital health 11 hours ago | Kara Nortman Comment moderation powered by Up Next 2016 is the new hottest year on record – how NASA takes the planet’s temperature Posted Jan 18, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Forget flying cars — passenger drones are the future 7 hours ago by Joe Blair Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an email to employees about the immigration ban 10 hours ago by Jonathan Shieber Uber CEO offers compensation for drivers impacted by immigration ban, will talk to Trump 10 hours ago by Brian Heater Consumer-oriented investors may have an edge investing in digital health 11 hours ago by Kara Nortman Top Microsoft execs weigh in on Trump’s immigration ban 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Amateur Hyperloop designers face off this weekend on SpaceX’s mile-long test track 12 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Delete your account 12 hours ago by John Biggs Boardlist founder says sexual discrimination is more prevalent than people think 13 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Kyocera’s new phone is designed to be washed with soap and water 13 hours ago by Brian Heater Flappy Bird’s creator returns with a game that pits ninjas against bouncing cats 14 hours ago by Brian Heater
up next: now reading: Invading China, One Trade Dispute at a Time AP Photo/Michel Euler Invading China, One Trade Dispute at a Time By Matthew Bey January 18, 2017 AP Photo/Michel Euler X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... The divide between domestic politics and geopolitics can be a hard one to bridge. Partisan politics and pageantry can get in the way of a country's underlying geopolitical imperatives, driving policies that undermine or contradict them outright. The tension between national and international politics is on full display as the United States prepares to inaugurate Donald Trump as its 45th president. Throughout Trump's campaign and subsequent transition, voters, commentators and observers in the United States and beyond have scrambled to square his proposed policies with the geopolitical constraints they will encounter. Many of Trump's campaign pledges centered on retooling the United States' trade partnerships, for instance by renegotiating NAFTA or scrapping the Trans-Pacific Partnership pact. The United States' trade ties with China have been the object of Trump's most vehement criticisms; the president-elect has even proposed a 45 percent tariff on all Chinese goods to correct the apparent disparity in the bilateral relationship. Although Trump is unlikely to follow through with such a drastic measure, he is nonetheless poised to take a much harder line on trade with China. The next four years will almost certainly bring more investigations into China's export and domestic policies and more aggressive interpretations of World Trade Organization (WTO) regulations and U.S. law over Beijing's practices. But China and the United States are on diverging paths. While the United States is turning its focus inward, Beijing is trying to exert its influence as a global leader. In fact, on Jan. 17, President Xi Jinping became the first Chinese leader to address the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. To achieve its desired results with China, the Trump administration will have to pry into and challenge Beijing's own economic policies. Taking a More Aggressive Approach In a 2010 testimony before a congressional commission, Robert Lighthizer, Trump's pick for U.S. trade representative, outlined broad criticisms of the U.S. trade relationship with China. Lighthizer disparaged China's export practices as well as the United States' response, calling for a "significantly more aggressive approach" to Beijing. As trade representative, Lighthizer will have the opportunity to redress the deficiencies he identified in Washington's policies. Under his guidance, the United States will more actively enforce existing trade rules and regulations to crack down on China's dumping activities, impose countervailing tariffs on the country's exports and investigate its efforts to circumvent country of origin provisions. (Washington launched a probe in November to investigate whether Beijing was skirting duties and anti-dumping regulations by sending steel to Vietnam for minimal processing before exporting it to the United States.) The Trump administration may empower U.S. institutions to more easily conduct investigations into Beijing's trade practices, increasing their oversight and budgetary allowances. In addition, it will likely continue to refuse China market economy status under WTO rules, thereby facilitating anti-dumping cases against the country. But these measures would merely represent a continuation of President Barack Obama's policies. Beyond the tools that the United States is already using to counter Beijing, many of the alternative mechanisms that Lighthizer has proposed are legally untested and may prove ineffective. Lighthizer has argued that China's political system and economic policies are at odds with those of the WTO and that the United States must adapt its interpretation of WTO rules accordingly. To that end, the Trump administration could make the case that Beijing's attempts to manage the yuan's value are a type of export subsidy, something the WTO prohibits, or a countervailing duty subject to U.S. law. Trump may name China a currency manipulator — as he has threatened to do on his first day in office — to support such a claim. Doing so, however, would entail changing the U.S. Treasury's criteria for currency manipulation since China's interventions over the past two years have been focused on strengthening the yuan and not weakening it, as Trump has alleged. And even if the currency manipulation charge stuck, Beijing would probably continue with its interventions anyway; after all, the yuan could drop by 20 percent if left to its own devices, threatening China's domestic stability. Other efforts to turn existing WTO policy against China would likely be similarly limited. The organization lacks clear mechanisms to govern some of Beijing's trade practices, including the support of national champions or the application of special taxes on specific firms, such as Apple Inc. Though Washington could try to challenge Beijing's use of a value-added tax export rebate, which Trump has alleged is tantamount to an export subsidy, it would likely meet stiff resistance from other members of the organization. The practice, currently permitted under WTO rules, is commonplace among U.S. allies. And should Trump try to increase tariffs on China unilaterally without going through the WTO dispute mechanism, he would risk retaliation from Beijing or, for that matter, other trade partners affected by such a decision. (Furthermore, WTO rules restrict the use of some of the most powerful unilateral trade enforcement mechanisms, such as Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, that Trump could invoke to justify a tariff hike.) Retreading Familiar Territory Each of these more aggressive approaches to the U.S.-China trade relationship would require Washington to insert itself into Beijing's domestic policies, familiar territory for the United States. Before China joined the WTO in 2001, Japan was the bugbear of U.S. trade policy. After World War II, the United States saw Japan as an indispensable ally in the Cold War, a capitalist country that could counter the spread of communism in the Asia-Pacific region. To support Japan's economic growth and secure its military partnership, the United States allowed the country preferential access to U.S. consumer markets. Tokyo did not reciprocate, however, and maintained its protectionist policies. By the 1980s, Japan's economy had become as advanced as that of the United States. Japanese products, moreover, had grown more competitive in the U.S. market for high-end manufactured goods such as automobiles and electronics, sectors the United States had once dominated. In fact, toward the end of the Cold War, polls suggested that the American public saw Japan's economic might as a greater threat than the Soviet Union's military power. The United States adapted its trade policy toward Japan accordingly, challenging Japan's protectionist policies, currency management and economic model — just as Trump proposes to do with China. As deputy trade representative, Lighthizer oversaw several key bilateral negotiations to resolve trade disputes between Washington and Tokyo, most notably in the steel sector. Today, the United States has much the same problems with China that it did with Japan three decades ago, but with some important differences. For one thing, the United States' most fervent trade disagreements with Japan took place before the creation of the WTO and its relatively strong bilateral trade dispute mechanism. Tokyo's favored means of dispute resolution — voluntary caps on its exports to the United States — have since been banned. For another, the United States' relationship with Japan is dramatically different from its relationship with China. Unlike Tokyo, which owed its economic vitality and physical security to Washington, Beijing has no such ties binding it to the United States. Consequently, the Trump administration will have a harder time imposing its will on Beijing. Beijing's Struggle More important, China is the midst of its most difficult economic transition since the Chinese Economic Miracle began in the 1970s. For decades, investment in critical infrastructure such as ports, electrical grids and roads has fueled the country's economic growth, enabling China to take advantage of its relatively cheap labor pool and export a wide array of goods. But that model has run its course: China's economic growth has fallen below 7 percent according to official reports, and its exports declined for the second year in a row in 2016. Investment in domestic infrastructure is no longer generating the growth that it once did, leaving the country's leaders to navigate a bumpy and treacherous road toward a stable economic growth based on consumption. It is difficult to overstate the magnitude of China's structural shifts and the challenges that they bring. Years of sustained investment have left many of China's heavy industries — chief among them its steel industry — suffering from chronic overcapacity, while incentive structures keep even unprofitable companies in operation. Herein lies the problem for the Trump administration. Despite Washington's continued calls to stop dumping steel on U.S. markets, and Beijing's desire to do so, the Chinese government lacks the power to shut down its excess steel capacity. Local officials throughout China pressure companies to stay in business, concerned more with maintaining tax and employment levels in their jurisdictions than with heeding Beijing's directives. Though President Xi Jinping has tried to clear the way for much-needed reforms to China's state-owned enterprises through a concerted anti-corruption campaign, his efforts have yet to achieve much success. What's more, his attempts to consolidate power have left little room for alternative solutions to the country's economic problems. No matter what steps the Trump administration takes to challenge China's economic and political system, Beijing's focus will remain on its own fragile rebalancing. So far, the Chinese government has undertaken economic reform at its own pace, regardless of foreign pressure. In future trade negotiations with the United States, China will try to stay within the confines of the WTO framework and preserve the status quo. Under the circumstances, Trump may have to resort to or threaten to use more rigorous interpretations of U.S. law and WTO regulations to see a noticeable change in Chinese policy, notwithstanding the risks of retaliation. Over the next four years, trade will become the focus of the United States' relationship with China — a relationship that will likely come under renewed strain as the next administration re-evaluates various aspects of Washington's policy toward Beijing. In the meantime, the countless countries and companies that hang in the balance will hold their breath and wait for clarity on the future of one of the world's most important trade relationships. Reprinted with permission from Stratfor. Related Topics: Robert Lighthizer, U.S. Role In The World, Donald Trump Administration, World Trade Organization, Trade, Foreign Policy Corner, China Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCW Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Sign up for RC newsletters ©2017 RealClearWorld | Go to full site
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Sunday, January 29, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business HP Marks One Year of Technology Reinvention, Harps on Innovation HP Marks One Year of Technology Reinvention, Harps on Innovation January 19, 2017 0 770 Emma Okonji About a year ago, Hewlett Packard (HP), recognised brand operation at tremendous scale, when it set out to reinvent itself and the industries it serves through a series of aggressive moves in Printing, 3D Printing, and Personal Systems. While focused on innovating in its core business, HP said it would continue to aggressively expand into new growth categories and future product segments and markets. The printing company said it is celebrating milestone, highlighting innovation across industries, solutions, and corporate initiatives. Dwelling on innovation as a key driver, the Director, Workstations, Thin Clients, Retail Solutions and Immersive Computing, EMEA, at HP, Gwen Coble, said: “HP first introduced the world’s first production-ready, commercial 3D printing system, which is designed to work for prototyping and parts production for automotive, aerospace, healthcare, consumer goods, and other applications.” rinting, HP introduced 16 new printing solutions for the $55 billion A3 market. To accelerate disruption, HP announced a deal to acquire Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, which is expected to close in the second half of 2017. By combining Samsung’s A3 laser technologies with HP’s next-generation ink-printing technologies, HP now offers customers breakthrough performance and economics, including greater reliability and the lowest cost-per-color-page in the industry. For channel partners, it represents the industry’s best portfolio of A3 laser, MFPs, and A4 laser printing solutions for the office. Beginning with the “Best of Show” at the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show, HP introduced a steady procession of award-winning products in both printing and personal systems. Examples include the Elite x3 that converts seamlessly into both a laptop and desktop; the Spectre 13, the world’s thinnest notebook computer; the HP Pavilion Wave and the HP Elite Slice, which prove that desktop computers can be small, sleek and modular, and no longer have to be hidden under a desk; and Sprocket, a pocket-sized printer that instantly prints sticky-backed photos from a smartphone. Moving to the HP premium lineup of products that aims to beat Apple at its own game, Coble said the premium devices inspire obsession. The premium lineup combines computing power with best-in class audiovisual technology for media experiences that amaze. In time for the holidays, HP recently revamped its flagship premium consumer x360 convertible, featuring a near zero border display in a design that is 13 percent thinner and 11 percent lighter. In addition, the company launched next-gen HP ENVY laptop and the redesigned HP ENVY AIO 27. HP supercharged its premium gaming lineup with a reinvented OMEN brand, and brought the future into education with its innovative Sprout and Sprout 3D desktop creation stations. HP’s cutting-edge technologies aim for total immersion, whether it’s being able to carry your VR gaming rig wherever you go, to experimenting with converting 3D objects into 2D objects and back again. “HP Labs, the birthplace of desktop computing, pocket calculators, thermal inkjet printers and other iconic products, celebrated its 50th year not just by looking back at its many achievements, but also by providing insight into research and emerging technologies like Blended Reality, Immersive Computing, 3D Printing, and digital security. HP also formed HP Tech Ventures, a new corporate venture arm that invests in and creates partnerships with startups that are aligned with HP’s emerging technology areas,” Coble said. He said HP is one brand that has stood the test of time by reinventing an iconic brand with emotional connection. HP’s brand is being built with purpose: to have a meaningful impact on people’s lives; to build strong emotional connections based on tangible proof points; and to behave with integrity of words and actions. Previous articleIs the FG Still on the Right Track? Next articleAtrociousness of Cancer on Nigerian Women Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Implementation Key to Success of Economic Recovery Plan Business Redefining Corporate Social Responsibility Business Between First Guarantee Pension, Chidi Duru and PENCOM 978,643FansLike 707,447FollowersFollow Latest News Concern Mounts over Chief Justice, Olanipekun Weighs in January 29, 2017 Masaba, Super Polygamist Who Married 97 Wives, is Dead January 29, 2017 Chaos, Anxiety as Trump’s Travel Moratorium Takes Effect January 29, 2017 Dazzling Wings of Steel! Forget Recession, Some Nigerian Billionaires Still... January 29, 2017 Pageantry at Jumoke Okoya-Thomas’ 60th Anniversary January 29, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Saturday 28th January 2017 January 29, 2017 0 Recent Comments Sir Vee on WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection gohen on Concern Mounts over Chief Justice, Olanipekun Weighs in Akin Malaolu on On the Bloodbath in Southern Kaduna Sir Vee on WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection Vita on Concern Mounts over Chief Justice, Olanipekun Weighs in MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 425 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Concern Mounts over Chief Justice, Olanipekun Weighs in January 29, 2017 Masaba, Super Polygamist Who Married 97 Wives, is Dead January 29, 2017 Chaos, Anxiety as Trump’s Travel Moratorium Takes Effect January 29, 2017 Dazzling Wings of Steel! Forget Recession, Some Nigerian Billionaires Still... January 29, 2017 Pageantry at Jumoke Okoya-Thomas’ 60th Anniversary January 29, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 425 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Subscribe to Daily Chronicle 25°FOvercastFull Forecast News News Home Local Crime and Courts Get Newsletter Get App State Town News and Info Nation and World Government Police Reports Marketplace Local Business Corrections Text Alerts Sports Sports Home DC Preps NIU Huskies HuskieWire podcast Get App Bears Text Alerts Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Other Sports Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Features Features Home Get App A&E Food Health Lifestyle Neighbors Scene TV Listings Community Opinion Opinion Home Our View Letters to the Editor National Columnists Local Columnists Video News Video Live Video Planit Events Calendar Local Deals Submit Your Event Share   Anniversary Announcements Another Year Older Birth Announcements Birthday announcements Death Notice Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Prairie Flowers Press Releases Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement More About Us Archive Business Showcase Celebrations Contact Us Coupons Deals E-Edition Follow Us Photo Lists Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Public Notices Register Subscribe Subscriber Services The MidWeek Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Valley Life Weather News Sports Pro Football Weekly Huskie Wire Features Opinion Obits Video Text Alerts Newsletter Planit Share More Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Theater names cast for ‘Annie Jr.’ Published: Wednesday, Jan. 18, 2017 6:26 p.m. CST Children’s Community Theatre has named the cast for its next production “Annie Jr.,” which will be presented April 27 through 30 at the Egyptian Theatre in DeKalb. The role of Annie, the plucky redhead orphan who charms everyone’s hearts, will be performed by Molly Johnson, a sixth-grader at Genoa-Kingston Middle School. Portraying her nemesis, Miss Hannigan, will be Kinsley Judd, also of Genoa. Jack Piazza of Sycamore will play Daddy Warbucks, with Kaitlyn Bowman of Sycamore as his assistant, Grace Farrell. Daddy Warbuck’s servants, Drake, Cecille, Mrs. Greer and Annette will be played by Sophia Binder (Sycamore), Grace Leopardo (DeKalb), Cara Davis (Somonauk) and Kailey Tischler (Genoa), respectively. Miss Hannigan’s partners-in-crime, Rooster Hannigan and Lily St. Regis, will be played by Charlie Vivirito (DeKalb), and Kendel Graham (Somonauk). President Roosevelt will be played by Matthew Slade of Ashton. Annie’s orphan friends will be portrayed by (from Sycamore) Karissa Lam as Molly, Lili Jennings as Pepper, Katie Hogan as Tessie, Olivia Conery as Martha and Alayna Olson as Norma; (from DeKalb) Jisela Marquez as Duffy, Piper Schiola-Williams as July, Drew Beckett as Rosie, Isabella Holiday as Gertie and Joey Gentile as Tony; Lauren Jordal of Lee as Sunny; and Maddie Johnson of Genoa as Kate. Annie’s best friend, the lovable mutt, Sandy, will be performed by William Akst of Sycamore. Other New York personalities will be performed by Giovanni Bianchi of Genoa as Bert Healy; Bella Gentile, Aria Foster and Iliana Riguad, all of DeKalb, as the Boylan Sisters; Stephanie Sus of Genoa as the Star-to-Be; Laura Aviles of Sycamore as Lt. Ward; Cody Peterson of Genoa as Bundles McCloskey; Ana Garcia of Sycamore as the Apple Seller; Matthew Gillies of DeKalb as the Dog Catcher; and Bella Vivirito of DeKalb as the NYC Child. The cast of 95 children includes an ensemble from throughout DeKalb County (and beyond) including: From Sycamore: Alaina Bowman, Norah Chami, Ellie Davis, Meadow Davis, Morgan Flewelling, Grace Gineman, Mia Gulke, Lily Harned, Eleanor Klacik, Mark Lam, Sam Maxwell, Zoe Miller-O’Dell, Allyson Olson, Brodin Pesek, Gavin Pesek, Trevin Pesek, Julia Peska, Isabella Ranieri, McKenna Ranieri, Maya Rivera, Lauren Smith, Mazie Sweers and Camryn Whitaker; From DeKalb: LJ Banda, Nina De La Cruz, Sam De La Cruz, Melody Foster, Payton Foster, Brody Gillies, Audelia Hernandez, Eden Hernandez, Frieda Hernandez, Murdock Hernandez, Mackenzie McDaniel, Amber Pilkinton, Isabella Rigaud, Mikaylah Rodriguez, Josie Squires, Shaelyn West and Olivia Woodruff; From Genoa: Natasha Bianchi, Isabelle Chamberlain, Izabell Engles, Ella Hensley, Kerth Judd, Anna Kettner and Lauren Tomlinson; From Kingston: Deanna Fitzgerald and Elliana Fitzgerald; From Cortland: Sarah Holda and Addison Muhr; From Elburn: Abbey Mondi; From St. Charles: Edward Keating and Erin Steele; From Waterman: Jessica Wackerlin and Kaylyn Wackerlin; From Leland: Grace Ackerman; From Somonauk: Hailey Barngrover, Hannah Barngrover, Annabella Britt and Matthew Brockway. “Annie Jr.” is based on the popular comic strip “Little Orphan Annie” and presented by permission of Tribune Media Services, Inc. and adapted from the Tony Award-winning Best Musical. The show will be directed by Sue Graham, with book by Thomas Meehan, music by Charles Strouse and lyrics by Martin Charnin. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page Get breaking and town-specific news sent to your phone. Sign up for text alerts from the Daily Chronicle. More News SHS alum headlines ‘A Note To Remember’Jan. 26, 2017 - 5:30 am ‘Spanish Serenade’ to provide education to Kenyan girlsJan. 26, 2017 - 5:30 am Emma’s Revolution to perform at UUFDJan. 26, 2017 - 5:30 am DeKalb High to host a cappella competitionsJan. 26, 2017 - 5:30 am NIU prof to offer talk on Picasso’s erotic etchingsJan. 26, 2017 - 5:30 am Singer/songwriter Abigail Stauffer at Kishwaukee College WednesdayJan. 26, 2017 - 5:30 am Reader Poll What's your favorite sport to watch in person? Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Others    Show results About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs About Our Ads | Cars on AutoTrader.com | Local Business Showcase Customer Service: toll-free (800) 589-9363 Copyright © 2017 Daily Chronicle. All rights reserved. Published in DeKalb, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Achieving a Coveted Management Position in the Tech Industry By Lindsey Patterson January 18, 2017 The first thing to keep in mind when pursuing any job is the law of economics. When supply is large and demand is low, prices are low. When supply is small and demand is high, prices are high. Your labor is a form of price. Tech management jobs are in small supply, which makes them hard to get. High wages mean high prices to the employer. There are fewer positions that have high costs to the employer simply because they do not like high expenses. If you want to be competitive in the job market for management in the tech industry, ask yourself the following three questions: 1. What Am I Actually Good at Doing? Are you really qualified for being a technology manager? Some people think that padding a resume is all that needs to be done. This is not true. Good technology managers are detail oriented, careful, and well informed. If you are not good at these things, reconsider becoming a technology manager. If you feel like you could practice these things, then get to work on it. You can check your mental qualifications against the Myers-Briggs type indicator. Dr. Dario Nardi of UCLA has compiled one of the best free brain tests online. Figure out what you are really good at doing by comparing with the career lists at this site. You will avoid disappointment for both you and your employer by doing so. 2. Who is My Target Market? What employers are greedily demanding people like you? Job seekers often overstate their own abilities to their interviewers. Make an honest appraisal of your own strengths and weaknesses. What kinds of businesses are hungrily looking for people like you? An entry level software engineer will do better working in Africa than in Silicon Valley. Why? Far less competition and a much lower cost of living. In order to find your ideal market, you have to be flexible. 3. What Are My Competitors Afraid to Do? This comes from the wisdom of Warren Buffett. If you do what all the other tech management job seekers are doing, you are all going to be grabbing for a small shrinking pie. What differentiates Average Joe from Steve Jobs is the level of innovation and courage that the two have. You have to be willing to strike out on your own to find a fresh pie that your competitors are missing. You can compile a list based on what your friends at school are pursuing, but you will find the most opportunities by doing the opposite. Tech management job seekers are usually pursuing high pay, indoors, easy living, fancy school, Silicon Valley, New York, Google, Apple, Microsoft, short commute, big city, USA, Europe, independent, remote work, no boss, civilian, great work environment, and kind peers. All of these traits have a ton of competition. If you want to find lots of easy tech management jobs, do the opposite virtues in your search. Things like low pay, outdoors, hard living, community college, Cairo, Delhi, Mom & Pop store, long commute, small city, international, Asia, Africa, dependent, corporate work, lots of bosses, military, terrible work environment, and evil peers. These unpopular traits when combined can give you a pick of great tech management jobs. The secret is to be the crazy person who is willing to try a few. No one succeeded by refusing to fail. We succeed by learning from our failures. Some of the best search engines for finding jobs quickly are Craigslist, Government Jobs, and LinkedIn. Use networking to improve your opportunities. You do not have to do all of the unpopular traits to find your dream career. But adding a few of the undesirable virtues to your job search will increase the probability that you get a tech management position. Things like VSAT technology have made more people interested in the tech management field. Applying the laws of economics to your job search will put you on the high road to success.  Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Lindsey Patterson Contributing Writer Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles New FCC Head Approves $170M for Broadband, Job Creation By: Paula Bernier    1/27/2017 The FCC's first move under the new chairman was to approve $170 million in new federal funding to expand broadband connectivity to unserved rural area… Read More Rethinking Collaboration in the Next Generation Workplace By: Special Guest    1/26/2017 While today's applications truly are exciting, it's easy to overlook how important the workplace environment is for their success. The context in whic… Read More EU's Right to Explanation: A Harmful Restriction on Artificial Intelligence By: Special Guest    1/25/2017 The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which comes into force next year, includes a right to obtain an explanation of decisions made by alg… Read More How's the CIO Doing? It's in the Data By: Special Guest    1/24/2017 As digitalization moves from an abstract term to a central part of the business strategy, CIOs are being called on to provide strategic insight and le… Read More Eight Ways We'll See Drones Used in the Year Ahead By: Kayla Matthews    1/24/2017 A report from NPD revealed that drone sales have tripled over the past year to about $200 million. The trend will continue, so much so that 2017 could… Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT Apple's Dangerous Gambit With Qualcomm Rethinking Collaboration in the Next Generation Workplace New FCC Head Approves $170M for Broadband, Job Creation Eight Ways We'll See Drones Used in the Year Ahead FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Doug Mohney Latest Article: The Paradox of Twitter's Value in the Trump Era Rob Enderle Latest Article: Apple's Dangerous Gambit With Qualcomm Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper DOWNLOAD NOW High Availability DNS Reduces Downtime Risk and Improves End-User Experience DOWNLOAD NOW Delivering the Promise and Value Through Outsourcing DOWNLOAD NOW High-Performance Data Architectures for the IoT: A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper DOWNLOAD NOW Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES New FCC Head Approves $170M for Broadband, Job Creation Rethinking Collaboration in the Next Generation Workplace EU's Right to Explanation: A Harmful Restriction on Artificial Intelligence How's the CIO Doing? It's in the Data Eight Ways We'll See Drones Used in the Year Ahead Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Cookies policy New Scientist SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE 48% MANAGE MY ACCOUNT STUDENT Schools and universities GIVE A GIFT MENU HOME NEWS TECHNOLOGY SPACE PHYSICS HEALTH EARTH HUMANS LIFE TOPICS EVENTS JOBS Subscribe SEARCH LOG IN Email address Password } Create an account Forgotten password Activate/Link subscription OpenAthens login Advertisement Advertisement Last chance to book! The world of Galileo: Eight days in Italy to discover the science of the Renaissance Home News Analysis 17 January 2017 How to protest against Trump in his expanded surveillance state Trump plans to follow the UK's lead in extending domestic snooping powers. From Tor's hidden dangers to the right secure chat apps, here’s how to stay under the radar Respect my authority Charles Ommanney/The Washington Post via Getty Images By Sally Adee President Trump will be inaugurated on 20 January. We don’t yet know what a Trump presidency will look like, but some of the policies he and his team have already floated would have irreversible ramifications. But resistance is far from futile, as we explore in this four-part special. Read more about the witch hunts climate scientists will soon face, and how they can fight back Read more about how women can protect their reproductive rights with contraception and abortion in doubt Advertisement Read more about the strange and surprising silver linings of his chaotic nuclear policy   WELCOME to the new normal. Even before Donald Trump was elected, the US was already in a “golden age of surveillance“. As Edward Snowden revealed in 2013, the US government’s surveillance powers had expanded dramatically under the Obama administration. Trump has repeatedly signalled that he intends to make much greater use of these capabilities – perhaps inspired by British legislation that has given the UK government unprecedented power to snoop on its citizens. In both cases, such powers were ostensibly introduced to combat terrorism. But there’s very little evidence that greater spying powers actually catch terrorists, many of whom already know how to evade spooks. On the other hand, there is mounting concern among privacy advocates and human rights campaigners that such powers will stifle domestic dissent and enable political witch-hunts. “It’s not the government you have now that’s the issue,” says Harry Halpin of the World Wide Web Consortium. “It’s the government you might have in the future. In the US, everyone said, well the NSA isn’t so bad, Obama is such a rational guy. Now we have Trump wanting to create a database of Muslims.” So how will the state’s creeping expansion of its eavesdropping capabilities affect the right to protest? The UK’s Investigatory Powers Act – known as the “snoopers’ charter” – goes far beyond what even the US has made legal, granting government authority to force internet service providers (ISPs) to collect information on their users, and the ability to hack into devices on very broad warrants. Most people are not against the idea of targeted surveillance to bring down terror plots, for example, says Adrian Kennard who runs Andrews & Arnold, a small, privacy-oriented ISP in the UK. The problem is, the UK’s targets are not “targeted” at all – the focus could be “everyone in Manchester”, Kennard says. “Or they might decide to target everyone connected to a BT broadband line.” Trump is certain to take inspiration from the UK, says Danny O’Brien of the Electronic Frontier Foundation in San Francisco. The US and UK are already planning to weaken the protections on cross-border access to data, he says, allowing UK law enforcement to seize communications from Google and Facebook without a US warrant – and vice versa. Whether or not he pushes for new rules, Trump is very unlikely to roll back any existing measures. No one else will, either. Overreach in other spheres could plausibly be reversed in future, but powers of surveillance are in political terms nearly impossible to roll back: not only are they seductive, but no government wants to be accused of being soft on security. At risk Legal challenges to such powers are being mounted on both sides of the Atlantic. But the bottom line is that online privacy looks set to be fatally eroded. So what’s really so bad about Donald Trump and UK prime minister Theresa May riffling through your computer and your communications? After all, if you’re not a terrorist, you have nothing to fear, right? This view is desperately naive, says Halpin. “If you think you have nothing to hide, you probably do,” he says. “And if you think you haven’t broken any laws, I promise that you have.” One concern is that poorly framed or antiquated laws can be used as a pretext to prosecute or harass anyone who falls foul of powerful interests – much as they have previously been used to prosecute hackers. In the US, one such law could be the arcane Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, created in 1986, which makes it a federal crime to access a computer in a manner that “exceeds authorized access”. Companies have occasionally used the CFAA to bring civil suits against competitors, but the real threat goes far beyond that, because it can criminalise violations of websites’ terms of service – even something as trivial as lying on a dating website, says Esha Bandari, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, which is challenging the law. Whether violations are pursued is “at the mercy of prosecutors’ discretion,” she says. Just because they haven’t exercised that discretion until now doesn’t mean they won’t: “That makes the law open to discriminatory enforcement,” she says. In this light, what is dangerous about bulk data collection is that it makes fishing expeditions possible, says Jim Killock from the UK’s Open Rights Group. All this data is kept somewhere, forever. “They can search and process that data to get new and interesting material, and decide whether you’re a suspect for something. It’s quite chilling,” he says. Is this possible to avoid? “The answer is not to have the data in the first place, so there’s nothing to store,” says Ben Laurie, head of security at Google DeepMind, who is also a director at the Open Rights Group. Security experts point to the Tor network, which anonymises and encrypts your trail through the internet. But it might not be so simple. “Under the IP act, using Tor will put a target on your back,” says Killock. Trump’s proposed CIA boss has called the use of encryption a “red flag”. Once flagged, bulk hacking powers include a provision to break into your device and slurp up its contents. A “virtual private network” might seem a better idea, but only if you are choosy about which one you use: not all will keep your data away from governments. Switzerland, for example, might be a good place to stash money, but has a data-sharing agreement with the US. VPN providers based in the Netherlands or Germany offer stronger protection under their national privacy laws. And even the most secure VPN is going to do little good if the computer you are using is open to attacks. The Apple ecosystem is generally more likely to protect privacy; while Google’s security is excellent, its implementations vary by hardware. That makes an iPhone a better bet for security than an Android device. The software you use matters, too. Secure chat services may not be that secure. Whether or not Telegram was really hacked by Russian authorities, Halpin says his group has also broken the protocol. WhatsApp also appears vulnerable. “I recommend people use Signal,” he says. “It’s the most reliable and secure peer-reviewed text messaging app.” “Trying to evade snooping by using Tor or encryption might put a target on your back” As for email, Halpin suggests using RiseUp.Net, if you are concerned about snoopers. “They have no history of complying with requests for email. Lots of high-risk people go there,” he says. The rest of us could do worse than Gmail. “Google has been resistant to court orders it finds overreaching,” claims Laurie. Even if civil society has trouble mobilising against a surveillance state, all is not lost. Even now, Halpin says the W3C and other groups that run the infrastructure of the internet are teaming up with companies like Apple and Google to bake these security enhancing protocols in by default. “Making encrypted software easier for the average person to use is a civic responsibility,” he says. The real resistance may just be getting started. This article appeared in print under the headline “What’s the worst that could happen?”   More on these topics: Donald Trump politics Advertisement A shorter version of this article was published in New Scientist magazine on 21 January 2017 Magazine issue 3109, published 21 January 2017 Download Buy In Print Subscribe Previous article Early sketches of the brain show Ramón y Cajal's artistic genius Next article Mapping the multiverse: How far away is your parallel self? Advertisement Sign up to our newsletter Enter your email address to get started Contact us FAQ About us Who’s who Advertise with us Advertise jobs with us Privacy and terms Write for us Science jobs Dating Shop RSS feeds Syndication information Events Travel The Collection Subscribe Account settings Gift subscriptions Student subscriptions Educational subscriptions Corporate subscriptions © Copyright Reed Business Information Ltd. Back to top
Login All Reviews Editorials News Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member Tips How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Podcasts Apple's Clean Energy Efforts, Partnership on AI - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-27 Making iPhones in the US, APFS Comes to iOS 10.3 - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-26 View All Results → V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For View All Reviews → How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea View All Editorials → Just Discovered Fruitfly Malware Uses Pre-OS X Code Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Jan 18th, 2017 3:23 PM EST | News Malwarebytes discovered a Mac malware threat dubbed Fruitfly that’s being used to target biomedical research facilities. Calling Fruitfly new, however, may not be correct because it looks like it’s been around since at least 2014, and it also relies on some system calls that predate OS X and macOS. Macs face malware using pre-OS X system calls Fruitfly, or OSX.Backdoor.Quimitchin, grabs screenshots and system uptime from victim’s Macs and uploads them to a remote server, and tries to gain webcam access, too. The malware’s reliance on antiquated code likely played a role in how long it took to detect it. “The first Mac malware of 2017 was brought to my attention by an IT admin, who spotted some strange outgoing network traffic from a particular Mac,” said Thomas Reed from Malwarebytes. “This led to the discovery of a piece of malware unlike anything I’ve seen before, which appears to have actually been in existence, undetected, for some time, and which seems to be targeting biomedical research centers.” He said they estimated the malware’s long life based on file time stamps from 2015—something he notes can be faked—and notes in the code indicating it was updated for OS X Yosemite, which was released in 2014. He added, Another clue, of course, is the age of some of the code, which could potentially suggest that this malware goes back decades. However, we shouldn’t take the age of the code as too strong an indication of the age of the malware. It’s possible the hackers were using old system calls to obfuscate their attacks, or that they weren’t familiar enough with the Mac to realize newer calls were available. Exactly who is using Fruitfly isn’t clear, or how they’re getting the code onto victim’s computers. Considering Russian and Chinese hacker interest in U.S. and European biomedical research it’s easy to assume they’re involved, although there isn’t any evidence to back that up right now. Apple is aware of Fruitfly and already has a Gatekeeper update it’s pushing out to help protect Mac users. The update pushes out to users automatically when they have an internet connection, so there isn’t any need to check the App Store app for system updates. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Fruitfly, Mac, macOS, malware, OS X Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? John Martellaro | January 27, 2017 Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Andrew Orr | January 27, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $121.72 -0.22 (-0.18%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Dropcam Founder Greg Duffy Joining Apple Could be a Smart Home Boost Apple's December Earnings Report Set for January 31st Apple Joins Partnership on AI as a Founding Member HBO Go Gets TV App, Single Sign On Support Apple Extends Developer Promo for App Store Search Ads Recent Tips See All » How to Enable Night Shift in macOS 10.12.4 macOS Sierra: Using Content-Aware Reminders Report Problem iTunes Purchases through Apple's Website Apple Watch: Adjusting Your Move Goal on the Fly macOS Sierra: PiPifier Gives You Picture-in-Picture For All Videos Recent Editorials See All » How Can We Tell if Our Love for Apple is Logical or Biased? Meet Alo, A Phone Concept From The Future Just in Cases: iPhone Protection 2017 Your Apple Watch Could Eventually Become a Complete BioMed Lab Apple's Multiple OS Family Used to Be a Good Idea 9626 Jeff Gamet news 0 1484752985 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google’s high-end Pixels scarce for buyers, but firm plans lower-end phones for U.S.: reports By Ethan Baron / January 18, 2017 at 5:40 PM Google’s new high-end Pixel smartphones are mostly out of stock, and meanwhile the firm plans to bring lower-cost Android phones to the U.S. market, two new reports said. In October, Google splashily announced the new Pixel and Pixel XL, and they received generally positive reviews.  But would-be buyers have been stymied, a report said Wednesday. “It has become incredibly difficult for consumers to actually acquire either of them in a reasonable amount of time,” said an article on tech website The Verge. “Google has done a poor job of shipping adequate supply of both Pixels, as it’s now January and there’s still no easy way of obtaining the model you want without resorting to eBay or Swappa.” Google fell down on the shipping job with the Pixel XL in particular, according to the website. The XL with 128GB capacity hasn’t been in stock in Google’s online store since the end of November, The Verge reported. The website noted that Google and Verizon Wireless made “a fairly big deal” about the Pixels being “exclusive” to Verizon, but that hasn’t made purchasing one easier for Verizon’s customers, the site said. “Orders placed today for the 128GB Pixel XL aren’t scheduled to ship until the second week of March. March!” The Verge sniffed. “It’s fairly difficult (though not impossible) to find the regular, 5-inch Pixel with 128GB of storage in stock at Verizon retail locations. “But online orders for the smaller size are beginning to slide back weeks, too. The black 128GB Pixel is backordered into February. If you want the white color, you might wait until March.” March! Meanwhile, Google intends to expand to the U.S. its “Android One” program for phones using the Android operating system, “promising phone makers major new promotional dollars if they play by its rules,” according to a report Tuesday on subscription tech site The Information. The first phone to enter the U.S. market under the Android One program should arrive before midyear, at a price of $200 to $300, according to (paywall) The Information, which based its report on unnamed sources said to have been briefed on the plan. “It will be made by a phone manufacturer whose identity couldn’t be learned,” the site said. “It will be different from other Android phones because it will guarantee timely software updates, including security updates, for two years from sale date, one of the people said. That’s something Android often fails to do, unlike Apple.” Google launched Android One in 2014 in India, and expanded it to Europe and Japan last year, The Information said. “Part of the Android One push is aimed at strengthening Google’s brand name,” the site reported. “Google has spent years running ads for Android in the U.S., including with TV spots, but phone makers believe Android’s brand name still isn’t widely understood. Consumers know the brands of individual phone makers such as Samsung.”   Photo: Rick Osterloh, Google senior vice president of hardware, introduces the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. (Eric Risberg/AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: android, Apple, buy, Google, phones, Pixel, Pixel XL, shipping, smartphones, Verizon   More Posts in Big Tech Google cozies up to Republicans in bid to shed left-loving image: report January 27, 2017   PayPal threatened by dangerous competition amid currency woes: report January 27, 2017   Apple seeks to patent ‘vaporizer’: Is it for weed? January 26, 2017       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Elon Musk gets on another Trump team, admits reaction… Top 10 hottest real estate markets: San Francisco, San… Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Google cozies up to Republicans in bid to shed left-loving… Apple seeks to patent ‘vaporizer’: Is it for…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Chinese paper warns Boeing, U.S. agriculture in crosshairs of Trump trade war By Reuters Published: 20:41 EST, 18 January 2017 | Updated: 20:41 EST, 18 January 2017 e-mail 6 shares BEIJING, Jan 19 (Reuters) - An influential Chinese state-run newspaper on Thursday again warned that U.S. aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co and U.S. agricultural imports could be targets for retaliation in any trade war ushered in by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Trump, who is sworn into office on Friday, has criticised China's trade practices and threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Chinese imports. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross, Trump's choice for commerce secretary, voiced sharp criticism of China's trade practices on Wednesday, telling senators he would seek new ways of combating them. In an editorial, the Global Times said that as the United States has the stronger economy, China may suffer more once a trade war starts, but China "will take the U.S. on to the end". "There are few cases in modern history where only one party surrendered in a trade war; rather, the two parties ended up compromising with each other. How could Trump's team believe China would surrender without any countermeasures?" it said. "The arrogant Trump team has underestimated China's ability to retaliate. China is a major buyer of American cotton, wheat, beans and Boeing aircraft," the paper added in the editorial carried in its Chinese and English-language editions, without elaborating. Boeing's China office declined to comment. Boeing anticipates China will need 6,800 new jetliners worth $1 trillion over the next 20 years. In October, Boeing and Chinese planemaker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China Ltd (COMAC) signed an agreement to open a Boeing 737 completion facility in the Chinese coastal city of Zhoushan. The widely-read Global Times, run by the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily, is known for its stridently nationalist tone, but its editorials cannot be viewed as representing government policies or official statements. In recent weeks, the Global Times and other state-run Chinese news outlets have issued several warnings of possible retaliation if the Trump administration carries out threats of tariffs or undermines Beijing's claims on self-ruled Taiwan. In November, the Global Times warned China could switch large orders from Boeing to Europe, Apple phones would "essentially be crowded out" and U.S. soybeans and corn banished from China if Trump creates problems for China on trade. China's the world's top producer and consumer of cotton and top buyer of grains like soybeans to feed its vast livestock industry. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI; Editing by Michael Perry) Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I found a bench and made my bed': Gail Porter reveals she was forced to sleep outdoors and now lives off just £200 a month... after being declared bankrupt The hardest-working top in the world! Kim Kardashian nearly spills out of cropped tank that shows off cleavage AND abs during Costa Rica dinner These boots are made for partying! Michelle Keegan cuts a stunning figure in clinging cream mini-dress and thigh-high boots for night on the town  'I'm lucky to have conceived naturally at 44': Geri Horner reveals delight in smooth delivery of son Montague... and admits she won't be a 'fanatic' about losing baby weight 'It's the reason we split!': Katie Price's ex-fiance Leandro Penna claims 'he ended their engagement after she bedded Simon Cowell... despite glamour model's firm denials'  She's got some front! Thandie Newton wows in plunging dress as she supports Westworld at the Producers Guild Of America Awards 'She could win the whole show!' Will.i.am left embarrassed on The Voice after failing to turn round for a contestant who co-wrote one of his hits Off to the races! Karolina Kurkova shows off curves in form-fitting cream dress and  big floppy hat at  Pegasus World Cup Actor Kal Penn starts a fund-raising page for Syrian refugees in the name of a Twitter user who said he doesn't belong in this country PICTURED: Robin Thicke seen for first time after pulling out from events honouring late father Alan 'I gained 40 pounds': Katherine Heigl reveals her 'terror' as she packed on the pounds during her pregnancy with newborn son Joshua Twice as nice! Bella Thorne shares two topless photos after showing off new piercing in tight pink top Shake It Up actress shared risque photos  Star power: Supermodel Karlie Kloss to lead the runway at the David Jones Autumn/Winter show... as she models the latest collection of moody florals Just like dad! King Cairo, four, shows off his new grill during Costa Rica vacation...while Tyga poses up a storm with girlfriend Kylie Jenner Victoria's Secret Model Kelly Gale shows off her INCREDIBLY toned abs and impressive cleavage as she continues her luxury Bali vacation  Move aside boys! Martha Hunt shows off her incredible body as she takes over historic Muscle Beach for a sizzling photoshoot Bali beauty! The Bachelor's Megan Marx flaunts toned physique in TINY black bikini beachside as she enjoys her new island life with girlfriend Tiffany Scanlon  Kim Kardashian's jewels seized in the Paris heist 'have been MELTED and the only piece left is her £3.5m engagement ring, gang boss tells police' Sheer dazzling! Nicole Kidman stuns in an embellished gown at the Producers Guild Awards with husband Keith Urban Dapper Justin Timberlake dons designer black suit for Variety brunch celebrating Oscar nominees An incredible feet! David Beckham reveals his shoe collection rivals that of wife Victoria as he admits he owns 'thousands' of pairs of football boots Is Vince Colosimo wondering 'What if?' as I'm a Celebrity...kicks off without him after claims the actor was 'pulled' from the cast last minute due to drugs charges Incest, cannibalism, and parties for duck hunters & prostitutes dressed as ducks...but using the 'N word' was a dangerous step backwards in Taboo, by Jim Shelley Curves ahead! Kylie Jenner shows off her cleavage and flat stomach in eye-catching swimwear during family holiday in Costa Rica Kerry Washington shows off her incredible post-baby body in a semi-sheer dress as she hits the Producers Guild Awards red carpet  'He's a hypocrite': Calum Best put up for eviction by Jedward... as they battle against Kim Woodburn, Nicola McLean and Jamie O'Hara to stay in the CBB house Her sexiest selfie yet! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample bosom in teeny designer string bikini on family vacay in Costa Rica 'Another day in paradise': Bronzed beauty Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her hard-earned abs in a bright orange bikini on holiday in Abu Dhabi Back in black!: Olivia Newton-John, 68, looks radiant walking through LAX as she arrives from her Ireland and UK tour Jennifer Metcalfe steps out with boyfriend Greg Lake... after his ex-Geordie Shore co-star Gaz Beadle's cringey tweet about the Hollyoaks actress' relationship with Duncan James She's funny too! Emma Stone does her best Ryan Gosling impression as she promotes awards favorite La La Land PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Chairlift for two? The Jump's Spencer Matthews and Vogue Williams put on a VERY cosy display as they hit the ski slopes 'I was numb to all the bullsh*t': Rihanna reveals past struggles while recording her Anti album on year anniversary Angelina Jolie rocks black leather pants and boots with silky top as she takes twins Knox and Vivienne, 8, shopping in Malibu Game Of Thrones' Maisie Williams showcases her svelte figure in black mini dress at SAG nominees event A vision in white! Kaley Cuoco wows in embellished mini dress for Entertainment Weekly bash Sadie Frost goes casual in joggers while cosying up to multi-millionaire beau Darren Strowger... as they join Jo Wood and her on-off boyfriend at glitzy birthday bash His leading lady! John Legend plants kiss on Chrissy Teigen as couple make arrival to Producers Guild Awards No Hidden Figures here! Taraji P Henson and Janelle Monae turn heads in delightful dresses at PGA Awards Natalie Portman pays tribute to her Jackie co-star Sir John Hurt after he dies at age 77 Pregnant star released a moving statement So didn't anyone tell Alesha Dixon it was Britain's Got Talent's 'bring your dog to work' day? ...or has she hidden one inside those giant flares?  Not just a pretty face! Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is learning COMPUTER CODING and is launching a Kode with Klossy scholarship for women Charlotte McKinney puts on a leggy display in metallic bodycon dress... after revealing she was called a 's**t' growing up due to her ample chest Back in her bikini! Kim Kardashian shows off her stunning figure as she sunbathes in tiny two piece in Costa Rica Displayed her perfect curves Gaz Beadle's stunning girlfriend Emma McVey flashes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as the pair enjoy a romantic date night in Manchester Purple patch! Katie Piper shows off new LILAC hairstyle as she celebrates success of her latest book with husband Richard  Lindsay Lohan rebrands herself as she returns to Instagram after hiatus with posts about Syrian refugees Kim Kardashian responds to Donald Trump 'Muslim ban' by tweeting statistics on the number of Americans killed by Islamic jihadist immigrants  Funny guy Justin Timberlake photobombs John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Producers Guild Awards The doctor is in! Kristen Stewart poses with Peanuts character Lucy for breast cancer benefit at Knott's Berry Farm She's got great jeans! Jessica Biel keeps it casual in ripped denim while leaving her restaurant Au Fudge with son Silas La La Land executive producer John Legend slams Trump's 'Muslim ban'... as musical wins best film of the year at Producers Guild Of America Awards Hilary Duff makes red carpet debut with new beau Matthew Koma at Hollywood bash Sizzling snow bunnies! Vogue Williams, Lydia Bright and Josie Gibson dazzle in vibrant ski suits in the first official stills from The Jump Blonde beauties dazzle 'They are not realistic or even attractive': Jedward slam Nicola McLean's BOOBS after she scolded them for walking in on her changing in the CBB house 'We know each other better than anyone': David Beckham reveals he and Victoria have worked through 'tough times' as he gushes about their marriage on Desert Island Discs Getting a grip on things? Georgia May Foote enjoys a PDA packed frolic on the beach in Los Angeles with shirtless boyfriend George Alsford From yachts, mansions and parties to an AVO: Entertainment entrepreneur Ron Creevey has order taken out against him by wife Danielle She must be hot! Kim Kardashian wears very low-cut tank top as she uses Snapchat filters while playing with North and Saint in Costa Rica GIRL ABOUT TOWN: 'Naked' Kate is on the verge of getting a gong at long last for service to the Royal Family after impressing the Queen with her work for mental health charities  Suddenly shy! Bella Hadid hides behind a scarf and baseball cap in NYC after showing off her chest in see-through dress in Paris The 20-year-old model hid behind a scarf What a pro! Justin Bieber shoots goal for his team at NHL All-Star Celebrity Shootout honouring Alan Thicke The 21-year-old pop star hit the ice Monochrome mayhem! Alesha Dixon flashes her taut tummy and cleavage in a sassy tonal coord at Britain's Got Talent auditions in London Scarlett Moffatt flaunts enviably slender figure in slinky top and skinny jeans on glamorous girls' night... after making presenting debut at the NTAs Showing Scott (and Justin) what they're missing! Kourtney Kardashian stuns in black bra top with silky slacks as she dines with her sisters Legs eleven...out of Ocean's Eight! Sandra Bullock, 52, stuns in thigh-skimming sheer mini-dress on set in NYC Puppy love! Amanda Holden, David Walliams and Ant & Dec cuddle up to their pet pooches as they arrive at first audition for Britain's Got Talent 2017 Daddy and me time! Blac Chyna shares sweet Snaps of Rob Kardashian kissing and cuddling their baby Dream She wore blue lace! Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner dazzles in see-through suit at Variety brunch Left little to the imagination She didn't get the memo! Khloe Kardashian covers up in maroon top and jeans as her sisters model bra tops in Costa Rica 'Oh the horror!': Dame Joan Collins on the nightmarish scene at her home after a leak in a neighbour's flat led to a ceiling caving in  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Anthony Joshua punching above his weight? Heavyweight champion only owns a minority share in his new 'passion project' gym New channel, same old problem...The mentors are better than on the BBC. But ITV is finding improving the contestants rather harder on The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Newly-engaged Pixie Lott oozes androgynous chic in black pantsuit as she cosies up to fiancé Oliver Cheshire at Dolce and Gabbana show in Milan White hot! Amanda Holden oozes sex appeal as she shows off her sensational legs while lounging around during Britain's Got Talent audition break Heather Mills, 49, shows off her sensational figure in a plunging white mermaid maxi as she throws some shapes during night out in Austria 'A few drinks in Scotland!': Pete Wicks enjoys solo weekend away from girlfriend Megan McKenna... following their blazing row at the NTAs All bundled up: Lea Michele looks like she can barely breathe as she wraps scarf tightly around her neck during NYC outing with a pal Move over, Arnold! Adriana Lima shows off toned abs at Muscle Beach in Venice for Victoria's Secret shoot Strutted along the boardwalk  Sharon Osbourne 'negotiates £2million deal to return to X Factor this year... despite not finalising commitments for US show The Talk' Looking good for her lady! Stella Maxwell flashes her amazing abs for spa outing with 'girlfriend' Kristen Stewart Tickled pink! Taryn Manning giggles as she models flirty hair color at Variety brunch after revealing she has no plans to leave OITNB The baby is here! Law & Order: Criminal Intent star Saffron Burrows, 44, welcomes daughter Daisy with her wife Alison CBB's Coleen Nolan breaks down in tears as she discovers son Shane Richie Jr. has taken her surname in show of support during marriage woes Newlywed Luann De Lesseps looks radiant as she dances with RHONY castmates at fundraiser after romantic honeymoon Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown set to appear in her first movie Godzilla: King Of Monsters Expanding career with epic new role Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Hailey Baldwin looks lovely in blue leather outfit as she graces her third Harper's Bazaar cover... this time for Turkey GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Boris takes a leaf out of Churchill's book by posing in a bath (but unlike Sir Winston, the Foreign Secretary kept his clothes on) 'I want another baby!' Emily MacDonagh reveals plans to add to brood with husband Peter Andre... as he admits he 'doesn't mind practicing' New Fifty Shades Darker clip shows extended date night between Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey that gets steamy in elevator Ruff day? Downcast Rooney Mara steps out in all black with her pup following two successful Sundance premieres Just returned from the Sundance Film Festival  Date night! Model Chanel Iman shows off her toned tummy as she joins beau Sterling Shepard for dinner at LA hotspot Make-up free Sam Faiers looks worlds away from her usual glamorous self as she goes low-key in workout gear after a gym session Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out with Liam Payne's ex Danielle Peazer 'She's fuming!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry shoots daggers as ex Marty McKenna swears at her during yet ANOTHER explosive spat in nightclub Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration It's only been six months! Kim Kardashian's ex Ray J renews wedding vows with Princess Love in Europe 'We're basically in a relationship!' Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara declare themselves 'official' on CBB... before laughing about her boyfriend on the outside Princess Eugenie keeps a low profile in sombre ensemble as she steps out for dinner at celebrity hotspot Chiltern Firehouse in London 'Stop Crying, we're in Woolies': Guy Sebastian shares video of wife Jules sobbing in the supermarket after watching Lion Affected audience 'F*** you! I'm not your buddy': CBB's Calum Best bites back as Jedward's John Grimes launches a scathing attack on him and Nicola McLean  Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy But where's Jen? Aniston's husband Justin Theroux steps out in all black as he bumps into House Of Cards star Elizabeth Marvel in NYC Sofia Vergara flaunts her fabulous figure in ripped jeans and a slinky poloneck as she enjoys date night with husband Joe Manganiello Teeny bikini! Kelly Bensimon, 48, enjoys a lemon-soaked drink as she splashes around in Miami wearing a body-baring swimsuit Is Tom Arnold the latest star to join I'm A Celebrity....? The Hollywood actor has dropped MAJOR hints that he's headed for the jungle Leonardo DiCaprio goes incognito in bucket hat and dark shades as he plays the tourist while T-shirt shopping in Rwanda 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Jemma Lucy flaunts her assets in black tracksuit as she steps out with leggy gal pal Chantelle Connelly in Manchester... after THAT raunchy naked photoshoot Judgement day! Vanessa Feltz will enter the Celebrity Big Brother house this weekend... and is set to bring trouble with her for Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Turf war rocks racing as Queen's friend slams The Jockey Club over controversial plans to sell off Kempton Park for housing  Retired jockey AP McCoy's wife Chanelle puts on a sizzling display in skimpy white bikini as couple continue sun-drenched Barbados getaway Jamaican me crazy! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock displays her amazing gym-honed figure in a blue bikini for sultry beach shoot Causing a stir Looking ace! Karlie Kloss works nautical chic in a plunging vest and striped skirt at tennis match in Australia Erin Andrews looks healthy out and about in West Hollywood... after revealing secret surgery for cervical cancer last autumn Michelle Heaton flaunts her sculpted arms in halterneck top as she takes sweet daughter Faith to Lego Batman Movie screening Jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots: Jessica Hart reveals the tough life of modelling as she admits to owning at least 100 bikinis Not as easy as it seems Kate Fischer being paid to drop pounds? The model has 'signed a magazine deal' to lose 20 kilos after calling herself 'morbidly obese' Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Justin Bieber steps out solo in quirky lensless glasses and ripped jeans... as romance between ex Selena Gomez and The Weeknd heats up Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her toned figure as she poses completely NAKED before slipping into studded bikini in raunchy X-rated photoshoot That's a wrap! Aidan Turner and Eleanor Tomlinson brace themselves against the January chill as they shoot Poldark season three on the windswept Welsh moors    Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Goodbye my lover! Cate Blanchett blows a kiss to husband Andrew Upton in adorable PDA as he heads to the airport leaving her alone in New York Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Putting the dance in Sundance! Toni Collette and her 'Fun Mom Dinner' co-stars let their hair down as they party into the night following premiere Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'Couple goals': The Bachelor's Richie Strahan shares a VERY loved-up video with bikini-clad Alex Nation as the pair recap stunning Coral Bay trip  Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Staying busy! Heartbroken Celine Dion squeezing in Bee Gees show as she continues Vegas concert one year after husband's death Oscar-nominated Emmanuelle Riva of the film Amour dies in Paris at the age of 89 after long illness Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles Australian model Jessica Hart appears to undergo controversial -129 degree cryotherapy healing treatment  after admitting to jet lag and 'really long days' on beach shoots 'Nobody knows when': Louis Tomlinson hints at One Direction reunion... as he moves on from split with girlfriend Danielle Campbell 'Hottest runway ever': Victoria's Secret models Bridget Malcolm and Karlie Kloss to headline David Jones show with Jesinta Franklin and Jess Gomes Walking Dead star Steven Yeun enjoys a sunlit day out with his pregnant wife Joana Pak Spent sunny day out and about in Los Angeles Barbara Hale, who played the loyal secretary opposite Raymond Burr on long-running crime TV show Perry Mason, dies at age 94 A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Adrienne Bailon is a ray of sunshine in bright yellow dress with thigh high slit at NAACP Image Awards Nominees Luncheon 'I look in the mirror each morning for signs of extra manliness and then I see it': David Campbell pens a hilarious column about growing a beard The Price is right: 2GB shock-jock Steve Price, 62, CONFIRMED for I'm A Celebrity...Get me out of here! And he wants to be 'in charge' Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Should Jess be worried? Ruby Rose trades in Vin Diesel for new co-star as she enjoys blossoming friendship with Pitch Perfect 3 band-mate Andy Allo 'He is making me feel good things': Fans go wild as new Beauty & The Beast posters give a first glimpse of Girl On The Train hunk Luke Evans as Gaston  Serena's final passing shot! Awkward moment triumphant Williams appears to IGNORE her fiance as she hugs model Karlie Kloss after winning the Australian Open  Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Leighton Meester teases a hint of cleavage in plunging embellished black dress as she poses up a storm at Harper's Bazaar bash Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Is Lara Bingle coming back home? Speculation mounts the former model is arriving in Australia this week from New York for the first time with her two sons  'Not a day goes by that he does not make me laugh': Jesinta Campbell gushes over husband buddy Franklin following their secret nuptials She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads 'I don't sit at home and obsess': Jon Hamm says he doesn't watch old episodes of Mad Men because that's 'weird' Actor, 45, played Don Draper on hit show DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event 'You have to laugh or it'll get you down': Casey Batchelor hits back at cruel trolls who brand her natural 32F breasts 'fake and ugly' Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Robin Thicke pulled out of LA gala tribute for his late father Alan Thicke as custody battle with ex Paula Patton takes nasty turn Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Like mother like daughter! Rebecca Judd gushes over her lookalike daughter Billie, two, taking a picture of her doll on toy phone Adorable images Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'She's moved on in': The Bachelor's Kiki Morris moves in with boyfriend Jeremy Banks, before fueling rumours she'll appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Met Out Of Here! 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night 'She's at it again!': Pia Miller flaunts her incredible physique in red hot bikini at the beach after calling herself 'clumsy' and 'too daggy' That's not Summer Bay! Home and Away's Pia Miller and shirtless beau Tyson Mullane take lover's stroll along Bondi Beach She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her impossibly youthful complexion and famous  'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday 'Not my president!' Karrueche Tran sizzles in oversized sweater and thigh-high boots as she sends a clear anti-Trump message during night out Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News In-depth Opinion   Energy Wind Marine Solar Biomass Nuclear CCS Infrastructure   Policy Politics Legislation Taxation   Management Marketing Risk Skills Incentives Carbon Accounting   Technology Waste Recycling R&D Efficiency IT   Investment Carbon Trading Offsets Venture Capital Events & Awards Whitepapers Industry Voice Newsletters Sign in Jobs Events & Awards Upcoming events Aldersgate Group Post Brexit Circular Economy Debate The event will highlight the report findings, feature a keynote speech from Dr Thérèse Coffey MP, Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for the Environment and Rural Life Opportunities and include contributions from a senior and multi sector business-led panel. Date: 31 Jan 2017 RELX Group 1-3 Strand London, London Wind Dallas 2017 Wind O&M Dallas 2017 (April 10-12) is the world’s #1 event for wind O&M business leaders and service specialists. It’s the preeminent hub for the very latest insights, cutting edge tech and executive perspectives you need to Truly capture every single MWh and optimize energy production. Date: 10 Apr 2017 Westin Galleria 13340 Dallas Parkway Dallas TX 75240 US , Dallas BusinessGreen Leaders Awards The BusinessGreen Leaders Awards 2017 will bring together over 600 executives, entrepreneurs, investors, policymakers, and campaigners to celebrate the green economy's most exciting and innovative achievements from the past 12 months. Date: 28 Jun 2017 The Brewery 52 Chiswell Street London EC1Y 4SD, London View all events Whitepapers Setting the bar high enough: the case for science-based targets on climate change In a year where we are seeing record-breaking temperatures around the world, we have finally reached a point where there is common consensus on global warming. This booklet contains a five-part series of articles on the need for science-based targets on carbon emissions, which were written and published by the team at the Carbon Trust in the summer of 2016. Download Driving out of the Downturn BusinessGreen has teamed up with Peugeot to produce a free report designed to help sustainability executives and fleet managers operate greener and more efficient corporate fleets Download Find whitepapers Search by title or subject area View all whitepapers Sign in You are currently accessing BusinessGreen via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Apps Free Trial Subscribe Business Green Home News In-depth Opinion Energy Policy Management Technology Investment You are currently accessing BusinessGreen via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Politics Donald Trump: The (bad for) business president James Murray @James_BG 19 January 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments The narrative suggesting Trump will run America the way you run a corporation is becoming received wisdom, but his approach has little in common with the best the global business community has to offer Tomorrow Donald J. Trump will be inaugurated as the 45th President of the United States of the America, and a dispiriting and dangerous new era will begin. Two and a half months on from his shock election victory there is still little agreement on what the age of Trump means and how it came about. In keeping with the divisiveness and disinformation that defines the Trump team's modus operandi, there is still no received wisdom or mainstream view on how Trump will govern. Related articles Donald Trump: The (bad for) business president Trump goes to Paris? Climate scepticism on the ticket, as 'Dangerous Donald' picks Mike Pence for Vice President Will President Trump cancel the Paris Agreement celebrations? To his many critics he remains a racist, sexist, vulgarian; a conflicted and corruptible figure pursuing a dangerous economic, military, and environmental agenda - an agenda defined by thin-skinned narcissism, grift, and ideological extremism, and masked by a shameless propensity to lie and mislead. To his supporters and post-election apologists he is a refreshingly direct, politically incorrect counter-punch to the failed economic and identity politics of the Obama era; a patriot who is willing to prioritise US economic interests, tackle the worst excesses of globalisation, and push back against the liberal elite's obsession with esoteric concepts such as environmentalism and equality. These two tribes have little common ground, but there appears to be one lens for viewing the Trump Presidency that both supporters and opponents are prepared to share: namely, the idea that he will be the 'Business President'. Across the political spectrum Trump is being described as the 'President CEO', the 'dealmaker in chief', a 'pragmatic businessman', and a leader who, in the words of Michael Gove's obsequious profile, 'intends to govern by spreadsheet'. Inevitably, there is still huge disagreement as to what this characterisation means. Fans of Trumpism believe having a businessman in the Oval Office will deliver the efficiency and hard-edged negotiating acumen the US needs, while critics are happy to see Trump associated with the worst excesses of the CEO class: the opaque finances, the hostility towards our shared environment, the conspicuous consumption, and the hypocritical willingness to engage in a form of patriotism-wash, lamenting trade imbalances and low wages, while importing Chinese-made goods and paying low wages. Trump himself is, of course, delighted with the image of president as corporate titan, knowing full well that it plays into the Master of the Universe persona and jobs promises that delivered him the White House, while also allowing him to trash critics of his commercial skills as jealous haterz. However, as with so much of Trump's agenda, it is vitally important this narrative is challenged, not only because running a global superpower is very different from running a mid-sized real estate firm and reality TV show, but also because the new President embodies a particular and narrow type of business mentality - and it is a mentality that is increasingly alien to the world's most successful businesses and our understanding of how a prosperous and resilient modern 21st century economy operates. Trump's decades of musings on the nature of business would not have been out of place in the 19th century, let alone the 20th. His is a corporate world where tax transparency is for the stupid, where deals typically result in one side winning and the other getting 'killed', where marketing and spin dominates all, where regulations kill jobs, and, as he revealed to Michael Gove this week, where standards designed to protect our shared habitat are 'environmental tricks' intended to stop his 'beautiful' project getting built. His background in real estate makes him a literal embodiment of rentier capitalism. His cabinet of billionaires is of a similar ilk with much of their trumpeted business experience having been built up in the fields of Wall Street financial engineering, extractive industries, and the murky corridors of energy lobbyists. Theirs is a milieu where regulation is invariably red tape, success is measured in quarterly results and not much else, and government is almost always an intrusion, even when it is on hand to mop up the oil spill or clean up the financial crash. It is also a world where climate risks are open to debate, clean energy is often unproven, and environmental safeguards are a socialist plot.    Donald Trump can position himself as the 'Business President' if he wants, but if he is not to do untold damage to the entrepreneurial constituency he professes to represent it needs to be understood that 'business' is not a homogenous entity. For decades (and arguably for much longer than that) there has been a tension between the idea of business as a mechanism for generating wealth for a narrow group of beneficiaries and as an engine for delivering progress for the society in which it operates. Trump appears to be firmly entrenched in the first tradition, unless you are willing to give unreasonable weight to a controversial charitable trust with a penchant for portraits of its perma-tanned founder. The tension between these two schools of thought is particularly pronounced when businesses engage with environmental issues. Businesses and investors that regard their mission as the extraction of the maximum returns in the shortest possible time inevitably have scant regard for issues such as sustainability and long-term risk, hence the willingness to countenance all kinds of misinformation and evidence-lite conspiracy theories to justify the high risks that come with sub-prime assets or 'drill baby drill' energy projects. Those firms with a wider, purpose-driven approach and a recognition of their position as engines of global development are far more likely to respond to existential environmental risks and understand the importance of co-operation with governments and commercial rivals alike in pursuing shared interests. Trump's victory is a victory for the dog-eat-dog, externality-offloading, polluting world of corporate short termism. But as with so much of the rest of his agenda it flies in the face of long-term trends. The last decade or so has seen the idea of sustainable development and green business models secure an ascendancy its cheerleaders never dreamed would come so soon. This dominance has come as the evidence has stacked up to show that sustainable business models, clean technologies, and ambitious environmental goals help drive commercial success. Consequently, the support for the Paris Agreement and the UN's Sustainable Development Goals from many of the world's largest businesses has been overwhelming. The biggest story in the energy sector in recent years has been the viability of clean energy technologies and the headwinds faced by a coal industry Trump will simply not be able to save. The world's most successful and popular business leaders are increasingly to be found not in the Trump clique, but amongst the innovative entrepreneurs working to deliver a sustainable, zero carbon economy. The Davos Summit has attracted plenty of snark this week - much of it justified - as commentators have lined up to observe the disconnect between this global corporate elite and the populist dominance of Trump and Putin. But many of the CEOs present continue to represent companies that are hugely popular, if not populist. Theirs are often the businesses that are delivering many of the jobs Trump seeks to take credit for and investing in the technologies that will determine whether or not our economy will cope with the climate risks that come with a century defined to date by 16 of the 17 hottest years on record. They are far from perfect, and some of them are still too keen to regard marketing greenwash as transformational programmes. But they have a vision for the 21st century that is diametrically opposed to that promised by President Trump - a vision based on clean tech innovation, climate resilience, and rising prosperity for all. One of the most informative charts shared at Davos shows the top 10 companies by market capitalisation last year compared to the top 10 in 2006. A decade ago this list was dominated by energy companies and banks, now it is technology firms that are to the fore, each of them replete with ambitious and long term environmental strategies. Apple tops the list, followed by Google parent Alphabet, Microsoft, and Berkshire Hathaway. Exxon Mobil comes next, but then it is back to companies with a serious interest in the low carbon transition, including Amazon, Facebook, Johnson & Johnson, and General Electric. These are the world's 10 biggest corporate giants https://t.co/JYdYZVeh5d #wef17 pic.twitter.com/m9iE4VvIaZ — World Economic Forum (@wef) January 17, 2017 As an essential recent article from US environmental commentator Alex Steffen argues this low carbon transition and the carbon bubble it is likely to result in as clean technologies mature and fossil fuels are sidelined is the critical factor in understanding a Trump cabinet "custom built to protect carbon industry investors". Trump's administration of high carbon interests and his cosying up to Putin represents a desperate (and hopefully last-ditch) attempt to keep the carbon bubble inflated. The primary goal of the many progressive businesses and investors who have so little in common with Trump is the safe deflation of that bubble and the successful transition to a sustainable, prosperous, and resilient global economy. Trump could yet wreak untold damage to the global climate change and environmental agenda, but he will not do so as the uncontested emissary of business, no matter how hard he tries to occupy that role. Green and progressive firms need to fight the idea that he is their representative every step of the way, just as they need to now redouble their efforts to compensate for the damage his pollutocrat administration is planning. They will be wary of doing so, knowing full well a single petulant tweet can knock billions off their valuations. But when Trump says he is torching environmental regulations or axing climate funds to aid US businesses, many of those firms will need to find the nerve to say the President is not acting for them. He may be the first 'Business President', but he is likely to be very bad for the business community. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Politics Policy Donald Trump USA More From Editors Blog President Trump and the fog of pollution Politics 25 Jan 2017 Donald Trump: The (bad for) business president Politics 19 Jan 2017 Green Investment Bank sale: It's time for Plan B (or Plan C) Investment 13 Jan 2017 Can the government really hold back the tidal lagoon? Marine 11 Jan 2017 2016: It was never all going to be OK Policy 28 Dec 2016 Follow the divested money Investment 13 Dec 2016 More on Politics Politics May to Trump: 'Climate change does not respect borders' 27 Jan Politics Campaigners cheer as EU Member States vote against solar trade duties 27 Jan Politics Theresa May urged to challenge President Trump's 'contempt' for climate action 27 Jan Investment Macquarie hits back at green 'asset stripping' allegations 26 Jan Politics President Trump and the fog of pollution 25 Jan Politics Government announces £28m low carbon energy funding boost 25 Jan Policy Resurrection of Keystone and DAPL cements America's climate antagonism 25 Jan Infrastructure £168m for nothing: A new approach is needed for CCS 25 Jan More news IKEA to snap up 88MW Canada wind farm Furniture giant announces new agreement to buy windfarm in Alberta, Canada, as part of plans to become global net producer of clean electricity by 2020 Wind 27 January 2017 Reflections from Davos and Rome Aviva's Steve Waygood reports back on the mood music for greener investment strategies from Davos and Rome Investment 27 January 2017 May to Trump: 'Climate change does not respect borders' British PM urges USA to work with UN to tackle climate threat Politics 27 January 2017 Why green bonds are reaching record highs A recent report by Moody's Investor Services shows that green bond issuances reached record highs in 2016. Yet, many US companies remain hesitant about them Investment 27 January 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read Corporates are driving major emissions cuts in supply chains, study finds Vivienne Westwood teams up with Ecotricity for renewable energy push May to unveil 'active' industrial strategy focused on 'clean growth' IKEA to snap up 88MW Canada wind farm Industrial Strategy launches new review to cut costs of decarbonisation Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter LinkedIn Newsletters Facebook Apps © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Mark Zuckerberg explains Facebook's secrets for acquiring companies Alex Heath Jan. 18, 2017, 7:13 PM 53,218 facebook linkedin twitter email print Scott Olson / Getty Images In the weeks leading up to Mark Zuckerberg's decision to buy Oculus for $2 billion, he received a concerning message from Brendan Iribe, who was then the Oculus CEO. Google was also interested in buying the virtual reality startup. A similar situation occurred during Facebook's two-week negotiation process to acquire WhatsApp for $19 billion in 2014. A rival tech giant, believed to have also been Google, offered WhatsApp more money in an attempt to steal the messaging app away from Zuckerberg. Facebook ended up successfully closing deals on Oculus and WhatsApp within a few weeks, beating out Google twice. Zuckerberg gave a rare insight into how he approaches acquiring other companies during a public testimony in a Dallas courtroom on Tuesday. He was there to testify in a lawsuit against Oculus by the video game publisher ZeniMax. Here are Zuckerberg's four main acquisition strategies, which Business Insider obtained through a court transcript of his testimony. 1. Build relationships first Instagram CEO Kevin Systrom with Mark Zuckerberg. Facebook While Facebook conducted its legal due diligence on Oculus over one weekend, Zuckerberg explained that he usually approaches big acquisitions by first establishing friendships with the founders of the companies he's looking to scoop up. "In reality what is happening with all of these, in Instagram and WhatsApp and Oculus, they are kind of things that we've been thinking about for a long time," he said. "And I've been building relationships, at least in Instagram and the WhatsApp cases, for years with the founders and the people that are involved in these companies," he said, "which made it so that when it became time or when we thought it was the right time to move, we felt like we had a good amount of context and had good relationships so that we could move quickly, which was competitively important and why a lot of these acquisitions, I think, came to us instead of our competitors and ended up being very good acquisitions over time that a lot of competitors wished they had gotten instead." 2. Have a shared vision Mark Zuckerberg, left, tries the Oculus-powered Gear VR headset with Brendan Iribe. Facebook Zuckerberg said that the main reason he was able to acquire Oculus for less than the $4 billion its team originally wanted was because he pitched a vision of collaboration between the two companies that everyone bought into. "The most important thing was aligning and getting excited about a shared vision and about how we're going to work together," he said. "Or if they built the hardware and we built the experiences, how that could be better than either of us working separately. "If this [the deal] is going to happen, it's not going to be because we offer a lot of money, although we're going to have to offer a fair price for the company that is more than what they felt like they could do on their own. But they also need to feel like this was actually going to help their mission, right?" The shared vision has to go both ways, Zuckerberg explained. "There's a lot of anxiety in these deals, right?" he said. "I mean, if you're going to pay $19 billion for a company or $2 billion for a company, you clearly have to really believe in it." 3. Sometimes use scare tactics Snap CEO Evan Spiegel, whose company is preparing for an initial public offering that could value its business at $25 billion. Getty/Michael Kovac While he prefers to sell a founder on a shared vision, Zuckerberg admitted to sometimes scaring small startups by making them imagine how difficult it would be to run their businesses alone. "That's less my thing, but I think if you are trying to help convince people that they want to join you, helping them understand all the pain that they would have to go through to build it out independently is a valuable tactic," he said. It's unclear whether he used that tactic on Evan Spiegel, who famously turned down on Zuckerberg's $3 billion offer to buy Snapchat a few years ago. 4. Move fast and buy things WhatsApp cofounder Jan Koum. David Ramos / Getty Images When Zuckerberg's top dealmaker, Amin Zoufonoun, warned him that doing legal due diligence on Oculus over one weekend carried "some risk," Zuckerberg told him to keep "pushing forward until we have something we can sign on a moment's notice." "When you're making deals and it is a competitive situation, you often don't have a lot of time," he said. That line of thinking is consistent with Facebook's old company motto, "move fast and break things." It's also a key strategy to keep competitors from beating Facebook to sign on the dotted line. "Some of the bigger acquisitions that we have done, like Instagram and WhatsApp, which were each more than a billion dollars, we had to move quickly because other companies — whether it was Google or, you know, Twitter or Apple, or whatever the companies were — were also trying to talk to these companies and buy them," Zuckerberg said. "And often, if a company knows we're offering something, they will offer more," he continued. "So being able to move quickly not only increases our chance of being able to get a deal done if we want to, but it makes it so we don't have end up having to pay a lot more because the process drags out. "I think some companies might just take many weeks or months to review some stuff, and I think one of the things we've always prided ourselves on and one of the things that has always worked well for Facebook is that we've just been able to be flexible and move quickly on important things. And that's served us very well." SEE ALSO: Mark Zuckerberg reveals that Facebook paid more than we thought for Oculus VR NOW WATCH: Here's the first thing Mark Zuckerberg does every morning Loading video... More: Mark Zuckerberg Facebook oculus WhatsApp Instagram Mergers And Acquisitions facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Mark Zuckerberg explains Facebook's secrets for acquiring companies Mark Zuckerberg explains Facebook's secrets for acquiring companies In the weeks leading up to Mark Zuckerberg's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
