Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] What You Need to Check Before Buying a Used iPhone Running iOS 7 Josh Smith09/06/2013 If you plan to buy a used iPhone 4, iPhone 4S or iPhone 5 this September you should be sure to check that the seller unlocked the device or you could be stuck with a useless iPhone that not even Apple can help you unlock. The new IOS 7 update should arrive just before the iPhone 5S release date, which means many users who are upgrading to the iPhone 5S and selling an old iPhone could be running the new software. There is nothing wrong with iOS 7, and users shouldn’t be wary of buying an iPhone with iOS 7 installed on it, but the new iOS 7 security features could confuse sellers and hamper what the buyer can do with the iPhone if they don’t check everything out before handing over the cash. Read: What iPhone Thieves Will See After the iOS 7 Release Beware of buying a used iPhone with iOS 7 installed. If the phone is not wiped you could be out of luck. What is Activation Lock? In addition to completely redesigning the look of iOS for iOS 7 Apple added a new Activation Lock feature which the company hopes will help dissuade thieves from stealing an iPhone. This handy anti-theft feature could also lock out someone who buys a used iPhone from a seller that did not unlink their Apple ID from the iPhone. This would leave the new owner without a working iPhone and could allow an unscrupulous seller to demand more cash to unlink the account. iTunes will not reset an iPhone on iOS 7 if Find My iPhone is still active. It could also be an issue for a seller who knows an iPhone is stolen, but is counting on a buyer who doesn’t know that the phone is essentially useless. The Activation Lock ties an iPhone to the Apple ID the user links it to during setup. As long as the Apple ID is linked to the iPhone and Find My iPhone is turned on, no one else can reset the iPhone, even if they plug it into a computer. On iOS 6, users could plug a locked iPhone into iTunes and reset the device to factory settings. With iOS 7, Activation Lock will show the message above instead of resetting an iPhone. What To Check When Buying a Used iPhone on iOS 7 When buying a new iPhone, it is important to make sure that it is either not set up at all, with a Welcome to iOS screen that prompts the user to sign in and get set up or that Find My iPhone is not turned on. If the iPhone shows a iOS 7 setup screen with multiple languages of Welcome to iOS  on it, you are good to go. What you need to do before buying a used iPhone on iOS 7. If the iPhone is past this screen, make sure Find My iPhone is Off and go to Settings -> General -> Reset -> Erase All Content and Settings. This will completely reset the phone to factory settings. If the phone is locked or will not reset and the seller tells you that you should take it home and restore, say no thanks and get out of there as it could be a stolen iPhone at worst and an iPhone you can’t use at best. Another thing to keep in mind is that sometimes scammers will seal up an iPhone or iPad box with plastic so it looks like new, but instead of an iPhone inside it is a small weight or brick. Make sure you open up a device before handing over cash, confirm it is not locked and then don’t let that device out of your hands as a scammer can also switch devices easily, as shown in the video below. 5 Responses 09/10/2013 Larry Baker Reply Hi, nice information posted, i purchased a locked iphone, but i got it unlocked through http://www.codes2unlock.com at cheap price. now used with the carrier of my choice. 09/11/2013 fayyaz jutt Reply very very very good info u provided me i have iphone 4 locked but i upgrade to 6.1.3 n after its safari not browsing like frozen screen of safari but now when i connect my phone to itunes iphone connect nd itunes shows it to restore mode what is this plz help i appriciat u tc mail me on fayyazakramjutt11@gmail.com 09/18/2013 Used iPhone 4 For Sale Reply Check us out too!!! http://UsediPhone4.com 11/22/2013 AppleLover63 Reply I bought one from http://gadgetchest.com with no issues. 05/15/2017 Johann Tor Reply It is really important that the inspection should be done by a 3rd party person who will give an honest review and report. Why not use the new Veryfier app to hire an independent third-party person to go out inspect and check the item before you purchase? Download the app at the Veryfier website or go to iTunes store and install the VeryfierApp. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Apple wwdc 2017 Analyst: Apple likely to unveil Siri-based smart speaker, 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC next month Apple could be revealing some interesting new products in a few weeks time By Rob Thubron on May 15, 2017, 10:45 AM TechSpot Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) is just three weeks away, and while the last few events have focused on software announcements, renowned KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes this year will see two new hardware reveals from the iPhone maker. With Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home smart speakers proving so popular, it seems Apple is working on a similar product, which first came to light almost a year ago. Kuo previously said he believes it will be a high-end affair with a subwoofer and seven tweeters, powered by a custom ARM processor and featuring the W1 Bluetooth chip along with AirPlay streaming technology. Kuo says there’s a more than 50 percent chance of the Siri speaker making an appearance at this year’s WWDC, alongside the ‘announcement of software development details for home AI,’ reports 9to5mac. He added that it wouldn't launch until later this year and will come at a higher price than its competitors. One item Kuo believes is more likely to be unveiled at the event (more than a 70 percent chance) is the long-rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro. The tablet is said to have the same footprint as the 9.7-inch model but will offer more screen real estate by using an edge-to-edge display. It’s also rumored to lack a physical home button and come with a slim top bezel to allow space for the front-facing camera. Kuo has high expectations for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro. He thinks it could give the tablet market a much-needed shot in the arm by selling about 6 million units this year. The WWDC conference begins on Monday, June 5 at 10:00 am Pacific Time. Related Reads Apple is working on Siri-based rival to the Echo Apple's Siri-based Echo competitor will reportedly be a high-end affair Apple to extend warranty on iPad Pro's Smart Keyboard Post a comment 49 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… AMD's Ryzen 9 "Threadripper" CPU lineup leaks, capped by 16-core / 32-thread monster Asus ROG Strix GL502VS Review Intel Core i9 set to target the high-end desktop market Popular 47 comments Intel Core i9 would target the high-end desktop market 9 comments 5 Ways to Access a Locked Windows Account Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices (17 Mar 17) Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode (24 Sep 16) MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience (10 Mar 16) Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus (25 Oct 14) OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library (18 Feb 11)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 14 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (13) Lightening the Vacation Tech Load by Julio Ojeda-Zapata For decades, I have tried to travel light but seemed genetically incapable of doing so. Regardless of the type of trip, I would pack two or three times more clothes than necessary. This also applied to my technology. I always took along a Mac, even on family vacations. Heck, beyond the laptop, I would bring along multiple gadgets like PDAs, tablets, and phones – the more the better! In addition to saddling me with needless weight, packing all this gear created an endless temptation to tinker. I love to fiddle with my tech and have been known to wipe my Mac’s hard drive and reinstall its operating system while on vacation. If you’re thinking, “He’s nuts!” or something similar, I agree with you. As does my wife. That’s why a recent vacation to visit family in Florida was momentous. For the first time, I packed (somewhat) more sensibly. Oh, I don’t mean clothing and footwear – I overdid those yet again – but I tried to pare down my tech and succeeded, to a degree. It’s a work in progress. I stuck mainly to Apple gear for consistency and interoperability. For nearly two weeks in the Sunshine State, I had with me an iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods, but – drum roll – no Mac. Limiting myself to the minimalist iOS and watchOS meant fewer things to monkey with. That kept me better focused on what really mattered: long naps and walks with my wife, swimming in the sea, catching up with a few favorite TV shows, leisurely meals with friends and relatives, and so on. Pre-vacation prep was critical to avoid tech detours and distractions while on my journey. So I put in time beforehand setting up apps and services, and modifying my tech routine so my holiday would go more smoothly. Consider this a travel-tech guide of sorts for Apple fans, though your details will likely vary. Toward the end, I’ll mention a few non-Apple devices and accessories. iPad -- I insisted on taking along some kind of a computer, and an iPhone doesn’t count. Other vacationers might happily do without for two weeks, but for both personal and professional reasons I can’t — and I’ll bet some of you feel the same. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro was my obvious choice. It’s lightweight and compact, slipping into a mini-messenger bag that’s too small for any portable Mac. I paired the tablet with Apple’s Smart Keyboard – a prescient move, as it turned out – and used a matching Silicone Case for protection. I planned to use the iPad primarily for reading and video watching. I also wanted to stay on top of the news, since not knowing what’s going on stresses me out. Here’s how I set things up to facilitate these uses. I started with cellular data. I don’t normally enable it on an iPad, but I deemed it essential for this trip. There’s nothing worse than an endless search for reliable Wi-Fi, an issue I’ve often faced while traveling. So I temporarily put AT&T cell service on the device. I worried about chewing through my data too quickly, though, so I took the precaution of downloading video for offline use. You can do this with iTunes purchases and rentals, of course. What I didn’t know until I did my research is that offline downloading is also possible with streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, and my Comcast cable-TV provider’s Xfinity service (for details about Netflix, see “Netflix Introduces Offline Viewing for iOS,” 30 November 2016). Not all streamable titles on these services are downloadable, but I found plenty to keep me entertained. Ebooks are faster to download, but I still made sure all the titles I wanted to read were stored on my iPad before leaving. Again, books purchased from the iBooks Store (or rivals like Amazon and Google) are the obvious options here, but I’m a cheapskate and went another way. My public library offers ebook checkouts for free via OverDrive and Cloud Library. It’s a good bet your public library offers at least one of these services or another called Hoopla. (The image below is of my library’s OverDrive home screen, also see “OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library,” 18 February 2011.) I’m also a magazine junkie, and in the past I’d carry stacks of them onto planes. Now I use my iPad as a magazine reader. For my trip, I tried a couple of magazine sources. One is Texture, a service with dozens of titles for as little as $9.99 a month. I signed up for a trial and like it, but I’m not sure I’ll keep it. That’s in large part because the St. Paul Public Library offers magazines via Zinio for Libraries. It’s missing some of my favorite titles but the price is right: free. See if your public library has this. (There’s also a non-library Zinio consumer service that is very much like Texture.) For news, I was already set up with my favorite apps and Web sites, like Feedly, Flipboard, Memeorandum, Techmeme, and Mediagazer. As an experiment, I tried relying on Apple’s News app, which I hadn’t used in ages, as my primary news app for the trip. It still has issues but has come a long way, and I found it useful and enjoyable for news scans. Out of the blue, my iPad was pressed into service to get some hardcore work done midway through our vacation. And for once, it wasn’t me, it was my wife. She unexpectedly had to help my parents with my recently deceased brother’s complicated estate, a job that required her to pore over and modify documents. My wife has never been sold on the iPad for productivity – she’d much rather use her MacBook Air – but she had no trouble adapting to the iPad Pro and Smart keyboard, spending hours on it with nary a complaint. The biggest test for both of us was that my mother’s MacBook Pro with Retina display was nearby and often idle, so you’d think we would have been tempted to use it instead. I did once, briefly, but for the most part we were fine sticking to the iPad. iPhone -- To a great extent, my iPhone 7 Plus was a smaller version of my iPad, with virtually all of the same apps and services. Some things didn’t work well. Reading magazines via Texture is too much of a chore on the smaller screen, for instance. But I enjoyed reading books on the iPhone, and occasionally used it to watch videos. I also used the iPhone as my only camera for the trip. It’s no DSLR, but it takes nice photos, and I am addicted to the Camera app’s Portrait mode that blurs the background of photos impressively, if not always flawlessly (see “Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode,” 24 September 2016). I was paranoid about losing photos in a catastrophic mishap (for good reason, as you will soon discover!), so I used Apple’s Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter to transfer pictures from the iPhone to my iPad regularly. Had there been reliable Wi-Fi access, I would have done automatic uploads to Google Photos like I do at home, but on the trip, I was worried about chewing through my cellular data. (Of course, you could also use Apple’s solutions: My Photo Stream and iCloud Photo Library.) For extra protection, I swapped out my standard Apple leather case for a beefier, more rugged Tech Armor Shock Flex Case model. Nice idea, but the Tech Armor case doesn’t claim to protect against what I was about to do to my iPhone. One day, I dove into the pool, swam around, toweled off, sank into a reclining chair, and groped around in my bag for my iPhone. It was nowhere to be found, but I was sure the handset wasn’t back at the condo. Then, with a sick feeling, I realized it was in one of my swim trunks’ pockets. I was certain it was a goner. But it kept going, and it’s still working perfectly as I type this, weeks later. Apple doesn’t certify the iPhone 7 as waterproof, just water resistant – so this isn’t your cue to take yours for a swim – but looks like it’s pretty doggone resistant. Could I have managed with just the iPhone 7 Plus as my main travel computer, maybe with an external keyboard? It’s not out of the question (see “Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus,” 25 October 2014), and I may work up the nerve to try it someday. Apple Watch -- Of all the gear I brought, the Apple Watch Series 2 was the most interesting to me because I tried extra-hard to make it relevant and useful. I’ve never been the biggest of Apple Watch fans, so I wanted to see whether the trip would inspire a greater appreciation for Apple’s wearable. (Spoiler: it did.) Here’s how my use of the Apple Watch (one of those Nike-branded models) went down. I took many walks with my wife, as noted, and for the first time became obsessed with filling those three concentric rings for exercise (red), movement (yellow), and standing time (blue). We are of Latino persuasion, so I called them los circulitos, Spanish for “the little circles.” I’ve remained interested in keeping up with the rings since the trip, which I didn’t expect. In fact, since my trip, I have for the first time fully incorporated the Apple Watch into my fitness (mostly bicycling) routine, tracking my post-vacation exercise with the watch’s stock Activity and Workout apps along with the third-party Strava service much beloved among bicyclists and runners. When possible, I wanted to have entertainment options at my fingertips without searching for my iPhone. That’s the key reason for the Apple Watch, right? Figuring out the options took a little research, but I found a few doozies. Most notable among these is Marco Arment’s Overcast podcast app. Overcast won me over because it provides its own Apple Watch control screen instead of making its users rely on Apple’s inferior Now Playing interface. So I switched over from Pocket Casts, which lacks Apple Watch support. Overcast also has a Smart Speed feature to compress long silences and reduce listening time, plus a Voice Boost feature that makes spoken podcasts louder and clearer. I love both. Arment has since added another nice feature, an option to load podcasts right on the Apple Watch so its companion iPhone can be left behind. That would have come in handy on my vacation and possibly even averted my iPhone’s dunking. I use the Pandora service occasionally, so I installed its Apple Watch app to keep all my customized stations handy. I also wanted to catch up on the news of the day simply by glancing at the Apple Watch. A headline complication for the device’s Modular face makes this possible, but I was shocked at how few options exist. CNN is one, but the Washington Post is better. The Post’s Apple Watch app is a tiny adjunct to the newspaper’s iPhone and iPad apps, which rely on square photos or illustrations with overlaid text that tell a quick story. Tapping a graphic loads the corresponding article. On the Apple Watch, the square graphics are smaller, but still quite readable. Tapping the headline in the Modular face’s complication leads to one of the graphics. Tapping the graphic loads a mini-story that is enough to get you up to speed until you can pull out your iPhone or iPad for the full text. If you want to stay on the Apple Watch, you can scroll through a bunch of these textual mini articles or take the graphical approach by scrolling through a series of infographics as if they were a slide show. It’s really quite ingenious. Imagine me half-submerged in a swimming pool, basking in the tropical sun, while languidly flipping through the app’s picture stories to get a basic understanding of what was going on (with a mental note to follow up on the iPad later for a more complete picture). Alas, the Washington Post app sometimes failed to update, meaning the news headline shown in the complication was hours or days old, which caused me no end of frustration. I’d have to fiddle endlessly with the watch to get the app working again, exactly the sort of thing I had wanted to avoid on vacation. I had one other news app on the Apple Watch: National Public Radio’s NPR One app, which is the height of simplicity. Push an on-screen button to start audio playback, then flip through stories until you find something you like. It’s the perfect audio app for vacationing news junkies. The Apple Watch Series 2 is waterproof, so I kept it on my wrist even when I dove into the pool or plunged into the ocean. Grains of sand sometimes got stuck in its nooks and crannies, annoyingly, but I was otherwise delighted with my aquatic sidekick. I had two Apple Watch bands on my trip, a Nike-branded Sports Band and an Apple Woven Nylon band, but the sporty Nike band worked in every situation. AirPods -- I packed a pair of AirPods, thinking my wife and I could use them to watch videos together, each with one of the buds. It was a good idea, but we never got around to it. I adore the AirPods and use them nonstop at home, but I regret taking them on the trip because I was petrified about losing one or both — I lose stuff with astonishing ease. That didn’t happen, but in a cruel irony, I misplaced one of the AirPods after my trip. I’m pretty sure it’s in the house somewhere, but several weeks later, it has yet to reveal itself. I haven’t been able to find it with the new Find My AirPods feature because, in an epic bit of bad timing, I had unpaired the AirPods from my iPhone just prior to the loss. For the trip, I stuck with my trusty old LG HBS900 earphones, the kind that rest around the neck in a collar-like, open-in-the-front arrangement, with earbud cords sprouting from either side. They’re harder to lose than AirPods, and the rubber bud tips offer a better ear canal seal for use on a noisy plane. I’d take just these on my next trip. Gear from Outside Cupertino -- I used the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch as my primary technology arsenal, but I couldn’t resist a few extras from other companies. The iPad and iPhone are my main devices for reading ebooks, but they are nearly worthless in bright sunlight. That’s inconvenient on a tropical vacation. I fixed this problem by packing a Kindle Oasis, Amazon’s most compact ebook reader, which has a cover that doubles as a battery for more longevity. I used the Kindle a lot. I was paranoid about running out of juice, so I overdid it with the charging gear. The list here is long: Not one, not two, but three Apple 12W USB power adapters. It’s an illness, I know. The Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Portable Charger power pack with two USB ports for charging the iPhone and iPad on the go. It’s similar to Anker’s PowerCore+ 20100 USB-C Premium Ultra-High-Capacity Portable Charger, which I reviewed recently (See “MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience,” 10 March 2016). Nomad’s Car Charger with Battery, a gadget that plugs into a car accessory port for iPhone or Kindle charging and doubles as an external battery away from the car. Nomad’s NomadPlus for iPhone accessory that adds a small battery to Apple’s regular iPhone charging plug for phone charging on the go. The Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone, a smaller power pack with one USB port for on-the-go iPhone or Kindle charging, plus a built-in Apple Watch charging disc. One each of Nomad’s three Ultra Rugged Cable Series charging cables: the Lighting Cable, Battery Cable, and Universal Cable. I needed the Universal Cable, with its three interchangeable charging prongs – Lightning, USB-C, and micro-USB – to charge the Anker, Belkin, and Nomad products. (Note that I reviewed the Nomad cables along with the Belkin and Nomad chargers not long ago see “Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices,” 17 March 2017). Unsurprisingly, I went way overboard. I could have easily made do with the Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack, two Apple USB power adapters, and the Nomad Lightning and Universal Cables. For those keeping score, the Belkin Valet charged from the Nomad Universal Cable, which was plugged into a 12-watt Apple USB brick. The Valet charged the Apple Watch at night and I could bring it on outings in case some other device died. Another Apple USB plug and the Nomad Lightning cable charged the iPad by day and the iPhone by night. How’d I Do? -- Looking back on the trip, it’s clear that I was on the right track with leaving the Mac home and bringing the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. The Mac would also have caused me to want another charger and more cables and adapters — it was a relief not to have to think about all that. If you’ve been struggling to leave your Mac at home on a family trip, give it a try — I think you’ll find that it works out fine. However, my paranoia about power led me to overcompensate when it came to charging gear. One charger and cable for each device would have been more than enough, with some sort of external battery pack just in case. Hopefully I’ll get it right next time. And I promised my wife I won’t bring so many shoes, either.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Lightening the Vacation Tech Load To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon   2017-05-15 17:47 To really switch off and relax the first thing I'd leave at home is the Apple Watch. All this obsessing over constant notifications and keeping track of your steps is the pure opposite of relaxing to me. The iPhone probably would have to come along because of the phone part. But for real relaxation I'd silence it and put it in Do Not Disturb mode too. No text or tweet is that important. Finally, I'd definitely bring my Mac. It's a 2013 13" MBP, with an i7 and RAM/SSD fully max'ed out. It's small, light, and has 9 hours battery life. It can do everything without compromise (here's looking at you iPad "pro"), but it can also just sit in a corner giving me the reassurance that I could do anything if something really urgent pops up. I need one charger for my Mac. The iPhone can charge through the Mac so one iPhone cable should be fine. The iPhone charger is small and light so bringing it along for the extra flexibility should be ok. What definitely would stay at home is Apple Watch and iPad. Nothing they do the iPhone/Mac cannot get done better. Plus, less notifications/messages/recharging directly equates to more relaxing and enhances mindfulness which is what vacation IMHO should be all about. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:08 An interesting counterpoint to my story. Thanks for sharing! Reply Bob Galbreath  2017-05-15 22:20 You have several very good points but the idea that you consider your 13" MBP "small and light" leaves me and my 11" MBA speechless. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 23:57 Yeah, you definitely have a valid point. I used to have a 15" MBP so to me the 13" always felt (and still feels) very svelte. Of course the Air is another league when it comes to compact. I guess I always wanted a lot of performance and RAM/disk so to me the 13" MBP felt like an excellent compromise. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 15:02 On my last vacation, I snoozed Slack so I didn't get all the TidBITS and SlackBITS notifications on the Apple Watch, but I left other notifications on because our family was using messaging quite a bit. However, I did switch away from my normal Modular face to the jellyfish. Much more relaxing when checking the time. I almost always have work to do, or possible server emergencies to respond to, so it's very unusual for me not to travel with the MacBook Air. Reply Dan  2017-05-15 17:07 I used to bring a lot of tech on vacation with me, but for the last several years, I've gone the opposite direction, and now I bring next to nothing with me. My wife and I usually take cruises, so the Internet is slow, pricey, and spotty—conveniently inconvenient. Cell service is nonexistent when we aren't in port; when we're at sea, we have zero distractions. I can go several days without any internet access, at all. The iPad stays at home, and the iPhone is usually in the cabin safe. The only tech on me is a simple wristwatch. I work in the tech sector, and being able to completely unplug is a rare luxury. At sea, work can't reach me, because I'm out of the country with no internet connection. Family could reach me via the ship, in case of emergency. I realize that not everyone can vacation this way, but for me, it's bliss. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I once vacationed on Cooper Island in the British Virgin Islands. Small isle, just one resort and wilderness. No Internet (or so I thought). I realized on that trip that I *must* have Internet while on vacation or I'll be miserable. After my trip was over, I found out that if I had gone over to a particular spot on the resort grounds, I would have gained access to a super seekrit Wi-Fi network. Dang it! Reply Tommy Friedmann  2017-05-15 19:55 Very interesting. One item you didn't mention was email. You can get it on the iPad or iPhone but you also get all the spam and I have yet to find a way to sync and file messages to my Mac. What is the way to do it? Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I'm Google all the way, so Gmail and Inbox are pretty much the same on all devices. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:21 Tommy, I use Apple Mail on my iMac at home but have found that the Mail filtering works very poorly. I finally gave up on that, erased all the filters in Mail and instead, I went with my browser to my email provider and set up filters there. Those seem to work with my iPhone and in Mail. Admittedly, it is more tedious to set up a filter using Safari as my browser but I believe that the filtering is done no matter which device I use to read my mail. The spam is filtered because I set up filters for a pretty long list of items which appear frequently in spam. Usually, I look in Mail at what is in my spam folder and trash folder and then manually pick out the words which appear so frequently. To each his own but I have separate blocks for words like: shocking, cialis, viagra and many, many more. It was a pain in the tail to set up a block for each word but now is doing the job pretty well for me. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:03 Julio. Do you ever catch your wife rolling her eyes at the amount of stuff your travel with? A wise friend once told me to take half as much clothes and twice as much money as I think I am going to need. The same would go for your electronics. I love photography and frequently take a Canon camera with zoom from 24 to 840 equivalent but no additional lenses and when I broke that, I got by with my iPhone 6S. I defer the long email replies until I return home to my iMac. If someone is paying you to work on your vacation, I guess a laptop would be nice but that isn't a vacation is it? IMHO, the iPhone and a charger are all you need but obviously, you aren't I and vice versa. Thanks for the article anyway even if I do think you are going overboard. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:12 Yep, I might try your approach ... adding only a Bluetooth keyboard to occasionally use the phone as a mini-laptop. Reply Mac Bakewell  2017-05-15 22:38 I recently spent 8 weeks visiting in-laws in rural Thailand. I've been there scores of times and always used to lug my laptop along, but on my last 2 trips I took only my 64GB iPhone SE and a 2TB clone of my desktop on a pocket sized SSD. Never used the clone, yet managed to keep up with work, banking and bills, and volumes of daily correspondence managing family health crises on both sides of the Pacific. Never missed the laptop. Apps that helped make this possible include Gmail, Google Calendar, Dropbox, Notebooks, SmugMug, PDF Expert and PDFConverter. A familiarity with Markdown was also helpful, although not often esssntial. Another useful trick was the WiFi on my Canon, which made it possible to upload photos from the Canon to SmugMug via the iPhone. I should add that we now (finally!) have WiFi at home in Thailand, and that I always swap out my Verizon SIM in favor of a Thai phone and data provider. I like technology too, but stepping back from it and "being there," especially while away from one's usual routine, is good for the soul. Highly recommended. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
null
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices (17 Mar 17) Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode (24 Sep 16) MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience (10 Mar 16) Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus (25 Oct 14) OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library (18 Feb 11)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 14 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (13) Lightening the Vacation Tech Load by Julio Ojeda-Zapata For decades, I have tried to travel light but seemed genetically incapable of doing so. Regardless of the type of trip, I would pack two or three times more clothes than necessary. This also applied to my technology. I always took along a Mac, even on family vacations. Heck, beyond the laptop, I would bring along multiple gadgets like PDAs, tablets, and phones – the more the better! In addition to saddling me with needless weight, packing all this gear created an endless temptation to tinker. I love to fiddle with my tech and have been known to wipe my Mac’s hard drive and reinstall its operating system while on vacation. If you’re thinking, “He’s nuts!” or something similar, I agree with you. As does my wife. That’s why a recent vacation to visit family in Florida was momentous. For the first time, I packed (somewhat) more sensibly. Oh, I don’t mean clothing and footwear – I overdid those yet again – but I tried to pare down my tech and succeeded, to a degree. It’s a work in progress. I stuck mainly to Apple gear for consistency and interoperability. For nearly two weeks in the Sunshine State, I had with me an iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods, but – drum roll – no Mac. Limiting myself to the minimalist iOS and watchOS meant fewer things to monkey with. That kept me better focused on what really mattered: long naps and walks with my wife, swimming in the sea, catching up with a few favorite TV shows, leisurely meals with friends and relatives, and so on. Pre-vacation prep was critical to avoid tech detours and distractions while on my journey. So I put in time beforehand setting up apps and services, and modifying my tech routine so my holiday would go more smoothly. Consider this a travel-tech guide of sorts for Apple fans, though your details will likely vary. Toward the end, I’ll mention a few non-Apple devices and accessories. iPad -- I insisted on taking along some kind of a computer, and an iPhone doesn’t count. Other vacationers might happily do without for two weeks, but for both personal and professional reasons I can’t — and I’ll bet some of you feel the same. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro was my obvious choice. It’s lightweight and compact, slipping into a mini-messenger bag that’s too small for any portable Mac. I paired the tablet with Apple’s Smart Keyboard – a prescient move, as it turned out – and used a matching Silicone Case for protection. I planned to use the iPad primarily for reading and video watching. I also wanted to stay on top of the news, since not knowing what’s going on stresses me out. Here’s how I set things up to facilitate these uses. I started with cellular data. I don’t normally enable it on an iPad, but I deemed it essential for this trip. There’s nothing worse than an endless search for reliable Wi-Fi, an issue I’ve often faced while traveling. So I temporarily put AT&T cell service on the device. I worried about chewing through my data too quickly, though, so I took the precaution of downloading video for offline use. You can do this with iTunes purchases and rentals, of course. What I didn’t know until I did my research is that offline downloading is also possible with streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, and my Comcast cable-TV provider’s Xfinity service (for details about Netflix, see “Netflix Introduces Offline Viewing for iOS,” 30 November 2016). Not all streamable titles on these services are downloadable, but I found plenty to keep me entertained. Ebooks are faster to download, but I still made sure all the titles I wanted to read were stored on my iPad before leaving. Again, books purchased from the iBooks Store (or rivals like Amazon and Google) are the obvious options here, but I’m a cheapskate and went another way. My public library offers ebook checkouts for free via OverDrive and Cloud Library. It’s a good bet your public library offers at least one of these services or another called Hoopla. (The image below is of my library’s OverDrive home screen, also see “OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library,” 18 February 2011.) I’m also a magazine junkie, and in the past I’d carry stacks of them onto planes. Now I use my iPad as a magazine reader. For my trip, I tried a couple of magazine sources. One is Texture, a service with dozens of titles for as little as $9.99 a month. I signed up for a trial and like it, but I’m not sure I’ll keep it. That’s in large part because the St. Paul Public Library offers magazines via Zinio for Libraries. It’s missing some of my favorite titles but the price is right: free. See if your public library has this. (There’s also a non-library Zinio consumer service that is very much like Texture.) For news, I was already set up with my favorite apps and Web sites, like Feedly, Flipboard, Memeorandum, Techmeme, and Mediagazer. As an experiment, I tried relying on Apple’s News app, which I hadn’t used in ages, as my primary news app for the trip. It still has issues but has come a long way, and I found it useful and enjoyable for news scans. Out of the blue, my iPad was pressed into service to get some hardcore work done midway through our vacation. And for once, it wasn’t me, it was my wife. She unexpectedly had to help my parents with my recently deceased brother’s complicated estate, a job that required her to pore over and modify documents. My wife has never been sold on the iPad for productivity – she’d much rather use her MacBook Air – but she had no trouble adapting to the iPad Pro and Smart keyboard, spending hours on it with nary a complaint. The biggest test for both of us was that my mother’s MacBook Pro with Retina display was nearby and often idle, so you’d think we would have been tempted to use it instead. I did once, briefly, but for the most part we were fine sticking to the iPad. iPhone -- To a great extent, my iPhone 7 Plus was a smaller version of my iPad, with virtually all of the same apps and services. Some things didn’t work well. Reading magazines via Texture is too much of a chore on the smaller screen, for instance. But I enjoyed reading books on the iPhone, and occasionally used it to watch videos. I also used the iPhone as my only camera for the trip. It’s no DSLR, but it takes nice photos, and I am addicted to the Camera app’s Portrait mode that blurs the background of photos impressively, if not always flawlessly (see “Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode,” 24 September 2016). I was paranoid about losing photos in a catastrophic mishap (for good reason, as you will soon discover!), so I used Apple’s Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter to transfer pictures from the iPhone to my iPad regularly. Had there been reliable Wi-Fi access, I would have done automatic uploads to Google Photos like I do at home, but on the trip, I was worried about chewing through my cellular data. (Of course, you could also use Apple’s solutions: My Photo Stream and iCloud Photo Library.) For extra protection, I swapped out my standard Apple leather case for a beefier, more rugged Tech Armor Shock Flex Case model. Nice idea, but the Tech Armor case doesn’t claim to protect against what I was about to do to my iPhone. One day, I dove into the pool, swam around, toweled off, sank into a reclining chair, and groped around in my bag for my iPhone. It was nowhere to be found, but I was sure the handset wasn’t back at the condo. Then, with a sick feeling, I realized it was in one of my swim trunks’ pockets. I was certain it was a goner. But it kept going, and it’s still working perfectly as I type this, weeks later. Apple doesn’t certify the iPhone 7 as waterproof, just water resistant – so this isn’t your cue to take yours for a swim – but looks like it’s pretty doggone resistant. Could I have managed with just the iPhone 7 Plus as my main travel computer, maybe with an external keyboard? It’s not out of the question (see “Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus,” 25 October 2014), and I may work up the nerve to try it someday. Apple Watch -- Of all the gear I brought, the Apple Watch Series 2 was the most interesting to me because I tried extra-hard to make it relevant and useful. I’ve never been the biggest of Apple Watch fans, so I wanted to see whether the trip would inspire a greater appreciation for Apple’s wearable. (Spoiler: it did.) Here’s how my use of the Apple Watch (one of those Nike-branded models) went down. I took many walks with my wife, as noted, and for the first time became obsessed with filling those three concentric rings for exercise (red), movement (yellow), and standing time (blue). We are of Latino persuasion, so I called them los circulitos, Spanish for “the little circles.” I’ve remained interested in keeping up with the rings since the trip, which I didn’t expect. In fact, since my trip, I have for the first time fully incorporated the Apple Watch into my fitness (mostly bicycling) routine, tracking my post-vacation exercise with the watch’s stock Activity and Workout apps along with the third-party Strava service much beloved among bicyclists and runners. When possible, I wanted to have entertainment options at my fingertips without searching for my iPhone. That’s the key reason for the Apple Watch, right? Figuring out the options took a little research, but I found a few doozies. Most notable among these is Marco Arment’s Overcast podcast app. Overcast won me over because it provides its own Apple Watch control screen instead of making its users rely on Apple’s inferior Now Playing interface. So I switched over from Pocket Casts, which lacks Apple Watch support. Overcast also has a Smart Speed feature to compress long silences and reduce listening time, plus a Voice Boost feature that makes spoken podcasts louder and clearer. I love both. Arment has since added another nice feature, an option to load podcasts right on the Apple Watch so its companion iPhone can be left behind. That would have come in handy on my vacation and possibly even averted my iPhone’s dunking. I use the Pandora service occasionally, so I installed its Apple Watch app to keep all my customized stations handy. I also wanted to catch up on the news of the day simply by glancing at the Apple Watch. A headline complication for the device’s Modular face makes this possible, but I was shocked at how few options exist. CNN is one, but the Washington Post is better. The Post’s Apple Watch app is a tiny adjunct to the newspaper’s iPhone and iPad apps, which rely on square photos or illustrations with overlaid text that tell a quick story. Tapping a graphic loads the corresponding article. On the Apple Watch, the square graphics are smaller, but still quite readable. Tapping the headline in the Modular face’s complication leads to one of the graphics. Tapping the graphic loads a mini-story that is enough to get you up to speed until you can pull out your iPhone or iPad for the full text. If you want to stay on the Apple Watch, you can scroll through a bunch of these textual mini articles or take the graphical approach by scrolling through a series of infographics as if they were a slide show. It’s really quite ingenious. Imagine me half-submerged in a swimming pool, basking in the tropical sun, while languidly flipping through the app’s picture stories to get a basic understanding of what was going on (with a mental note to follow up on the iPad later for a more complete picture). Alas, the Washington Post app sometimes failed to update, meaning the news headline shown in the complication was hours or days old, which caused me no end of frustration. I’d have to fiddle endlessly with the watch to get the app working again, exactly the sort of thing I had wanted to avoid on vacation. I had one other news app on the Apple Watch: National Public Radio’s NPR One app, which is the height of simplicity. Push an on-screen button to start audio playback, then flip through stories until you find something you like. It’s the perfect audio app for vacationing news junkies. The Apple Watch Series 2 is waterproof, so I kept it on my wrist even when I dove into the pool or plunged into the ocean. Grains of sand sometimes got stuck in its nooks and crannies, annoyingly, but I was otherwise delighted with my aquatic sidekick. I had two Apple Watch bands on my trip, a Nike-branded Sports Band and an Apple Woven Nylon band, but the sporty Nike band worked in every situation. AirPods -- I packed a pair of AirPods, thinking my wife and I could use them to watch videos together, each with one of the buds. It was a good idea, but we never got around to it. I adore the AirPods and use them nonstop at home, but I regret taking them on the trip because I was petrified about losing one or both — I lose stuff with astonishing ease. That didn’t happen, but in a cruel irony, I misplaced one of the AirPods after my trip. I’m pretty sure it’s in the house somewhere, but several weeks later, it has yet to reveal itself. I haven’t been able to find it with the new Find My AirPods feature because, in an epic bit of bad timing, I had unpaired the AirPods from my iPhone just prior to the loss. For the trip, I stuck with my trusty old LG HBS900 earphones, the kind that rest around the neck in a collar-like, open-in-the-front arrangement, with earbud cords sprouting from either side. They’re harder to lose than AirPods, and the rubber bud tips offer a better ear canal seal for use on a noisy plane. I’d take just these on my next trip. Gear from Outside Cupertino -- I used the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch as my primary technology arsenal, but I couldn’t resist a few extras from other companies. The iPad and iPhone are my main devices for reading ebooks, but they are nearly worthless in bright sunlight. That’s inconvenient on a tropical vacation. I fixed this problem by packing a Kindle Oasis, Amazon’s most compact ebook reader, which has a cover that doubles as a battery for more longevity. I used the Kindle a lot. I was paranoid about running out of juice, so I overdid it with the charging gear. The list here is long: Not one, not two, but three Apple 12W USB power adapters. It’s an illness, I know. The Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Portable Charger power pack with two USB ports for charging the iPhone and iPad on the go. It’s similar to Anker’s PowerCore+ 20100 USB-C Premium Ultra-High-Capacity Portable Charger, which I reviewed recently (See “MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience,” 10 March 2016). Nomad’s Car Charger with Battery, a gadget that plugs into a car accessory port for iPhone or Kindle charging and doubles as an external battery away from the car. Nomad’s NomadPlus for iPhone accessory that adds a small battery to Apple’s regular iPhone charging plug for phone charging on the go. The Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone, a smaller power pack with one USB port for on-the-go iPhone or Kindle charging, plus a built-in Apple Watch charging disc. One each of Nomad’s three Ultra Rugged Cable Series charging cables: the Lighting Cable, Battery Cable, and Universal Cable. I needed the Universal Cable, with its three interchangeable charging prongs – Lightning, USB-C, and micro-USB – to charge the Anker, Belkin, and Nomad products. (Note that I reviewed the Nomad cables along with the Belkin and Nomad chargers not long ago see “Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices,” 17 March 2017). Unsurprisingly, I went way overboard. I could have easily made do with the Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack, two Apple USB power adapters, and the Nomad Lightning and Universal Cables. For those keeping score, the Belkin Valet charged from the Nomad Universal Cable, which was plugged into a 12-watt Apple USB brick. The Valet charged the Apple Watch at night and I could bring it on outings in case some other device died. Another Apple USB plug and the Nomad Lightning cable charged the iPad by day and the iPhone by night. How’d I Do? -- Looking back on the trip, it’s clear that I was on the right track with leaving the Mac home and bringing the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. The Mac would also have caused me to want another charger and more cables and adapters — it was a relief not to have to think about all that. If you’ve been struggling to leave your Mac at home on a family trip, give it a try — I think you’ll find that it works out fine. However, my paranoia about power led me to overcompensate when it came to charging gear. One charger and cable for each device would have been more than enough, with some sort of external battery pack just in case. Hopefully I’ll get it right next time. And I promised my wife I won’t bring so many shoes, either.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Lightening the Vacation Tech Load To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon   2017-05-15 17:47 To really switch off and relax the first thing I'd leave at home is the Apple Watch. All this obsessing over constant notifications and keeping track of your steps is the pure opposite of relaxing to me. The iPhone probably would have to come along because of the phone part. But for real relaxation I'd silence it and put it in Do Not Disturb mode too. No text or tweet is that important. Finally, I'd definitely bring my Mac. It's a 2013 13" MBP, with an i7 and RAM/SSD fully max'ed out. It's small, light, and has 9 hours battery life. It can do everything without compromise (here's looking at you iPad "pro"), but it can also just sit in a corner giving me the reassurance that I could do anything if something really urgent pops up. I need one charger for my Mac. The iPhone can charge through the Mac so one iPhone cable should be fine. The iPhone charger is small and light so bringing it along for the extra flexibility should be ok. What definitely would stay at home is Apple Watch and iPad. Nothing they do the iPhone/Mac cannot get done better. Plus, less notifications/messages/recharging directly equates to more relaxing and enhances mindfulness which is what vacation IMHO should be all about. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:08 An interesting counterpoint to my story. Thanks for sharing! Reply Bob Galbreath  2017-05-15 22:20 You have several very good points but the idea that you consider your 13" MBP "small and light" leaves me and my 11" MBA speechless. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 23:57 Yeah, you definitely have a valid point. I used to have a 15" MBP so to me the 13" always felt (and still feels) very svelte. Of course the Air is another league when it comes to compact. I guess I always wanted a lot of performance and RAM/disk so to me the 13" MBP felt like an excellent compromise. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 15:02 On my last vacation, I snoozed Slack so I didn't get all the TidBITS and SlackBITS notifications on the Apple Watch, but I left other notifications on because our family was using messaging quite a bit. However, I did switch away from my normal Modular face to the jellyfish. Much more relaxing when checking the time. I almost always have work to do, or possible server emergencies to respond to, so it's very unusual for me not to travel with the MacBook Air. Reply Dan  2017-05-15 17:07 I used to bring a lot of tech on vacation with me, but for the last several years, I've gone the opposite direction, and now I bring next to nothing with me. My wife and I usually take cruises, so the Internet is slow, pricey, and spotty—conveniently inconvenient. Cell service is nonexistent when we aren't in port; when we're at sea, we have zero distractions. I can go several days without any internet access, at all. The iPad stays at home, and the iPhone is usually in the cabin safe. The only tech on me is a simple wristwatch. I work in the tech sector, and being able to completely unplug is a rare luxury. At sea, work can't reach me, because I'm out of the country with no internet connection. Family could reach me via the ship, in case of emergency. I realize that not everyone can vacation this way, but for me, it's bliss. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I once vacationed on Cooper Island in the British Virgin Islands. Small isle, just one resort and wilderness. No Internet (or so I thought). I realized on that trip that I *must* have Internet while on vacation or I'll be miserable. After my trip was over, I found out that if I had gone over to a particular spot on the resort grounds, I would have gained access to a super seekrit Wi-Fi network. Dang it! Reply Tommy Friedmann  2017-05-15 19:55 Very interesting. One item you didn't mention was email. You can get it on the iPad or iPhone but you also get all the spam and I have yet to find a way to sync and file messages to my Mac. What is the way to do it? Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I'm Google all the way, so Gmail and Inbox are pretty much the same on all devices. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:21 Tommy, I use Apple Mail on my iMac at home but have found that the Mail filtering works very poorly. I finally gave up on that, erased all the filters in Mail and instead, I went with my browser to my email provider and set up filters there. Those seem to work with my iPhone and in Mail. Admittedly, it is more tedious to set up a filter using Safari as my browser but I believe that the filtering is done no matter which device I use to read my mail. The spam is filtered because I set up filters for a pretty long list of items which appear frequently in spam. Usually, I look in Mail at what is in my spam folder and trash folder and then manually pick out the words which appear so frequently. To each his own but I have separate blocks for words like: shocking, cialis, viagra and many, many more. It was a pain in the tail to set up a block for each word but now is doing the job pretty well for me. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:03 Julio. Do you ever catch your wife rolling her eyes at the amount of stuff your travel with? A wise friend once told me to take half as much clothes and twice as much money as I think I am going to need. The same would go for your electronics. I love photography and frequently take a Canon camera with zoom from 24 to 840 equivalent but no additional lenses and when I broke that, I got by with my iPhone 6S. I defer the long email replies until I return home to my iMac. If someone is paying you to work on your vacation, I guess a laptop would be nice but that isn't a vacation is it? IMHO, the iPhone and a charger are all you need but obviously, you aren't I and vice versa. Thanks for the article anyway even if I do think you are going overboard. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:12 Yep, I might try your approach ... adding only a Bluetooth keyboard to occasionally use the phone as a mini-laptop. Reply Mac Bakewell  2017-05-15 22:38 I recently spent 8 weeks visiting in-laws in rural Thailand. I've been there scores of times and always used to lug my laptop along, but on my last 2 trips I took only my 64GB iPhone SE and a 2TB clone of my desktop on a pocket sized SSD. Never used the clone, yet managed to keep up with work, banking and bills, and volumes of daily correspondence managing family health crises on both sides of the Pacific. Never missed the laptop. Apps that helped make this possible include Gmail, Google Calendar, Dropbox, Notebooks, SmugMug, PDF Expert and PDFConverter. A familiarity with Markdown was also helpful, although not often esssntial. Another useful trick was the WiFi on my Canon, which made it possible to upload photos from the Canon to SmugMug via the iPhone. I should add that we now (finally!) have WiFi at home in Thailand, and that I always swap out my Verizon SIM in favor of a Thai phone and data provider. I like technology too, but stepping back from it and "being there," especially while away from one's usual routine, is good for the soul. Highly recommended. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple snaps up 'dark data' intelligence startup Lattice Data Lattice Data transforms so-called "dark data" into information usable by data analytics tools. By Charlie Osborne for Between the Lines | May 15, 2017 -- 06:33 GMT (23:33 PDT) | Topic: Apple Lattice Data Apple has acquired Lattice Data, a data mining company which could give Apple a stronger talent pool in the artificial intelligence and analytics fields. Over the weekend, TechCrunch reported that Lattice Data, born out of the statistical inference Stanford research project DeepDive in 2015, had been quietly purchased by Apple. cloud tv Cloud migration: Dipping in a toe before diving all in The Colorado Center for Personalized Medicine rebuilt its data warehouse on the Google Cloud Platform, taking advantage of pay-as-you-go pricing to make sure it was the right move. Read More The company's mission is to "unlock the value in dark data for critical real-world problems," which involves unpacking unstructured text and images, otherwise known as "dark data," and transforming it into usable information by standard data analytics tools and software. Apple later confirmed the acquisition to Fortune. While financial details have not been disclosed, the deal is reportedly worth between $175 million and $200 million. The Menlo Park, California-based firm was co-founded by lead DeepDive investigator Chris Re and Michael Cafarella, a computer science professor at the University of Michigan. Under the terms of the acquisition, Apple will reportedly gain roughly 20 engineers that will join the iPad and iPhone maker's team, giving Apple a wider pool of data science and engineering specialists to tap for future projects. Artificial intelligence and data analytics are gaining traction and as everything from mobile applications to virtual reality and cybersecurity now harness the technology, there is scope for tech vendors to create new, profitable revenue streams. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," Apple said in a statement. Last year, Apple acquired Seattle-based artificial intelligence startup Turi in a deal worth roughly $200 million. 10 things you didn't know about the Dark... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 10 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Apple fixes dozens of security bugs for iPhones, Macs Google Google Assistant to make iOS debut as standalone app: Report Security Apple, Windows tech support scams: US cracks down on fake security alerts Mobility Mozo accessories for Surface Pro, laptop, and Apple iPhone 7 Plus: hands-on × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition music / News PWR BTTM’s Music No Longer Available On iTunes, Apple Music This follows the announcement that the band’s label will no longer distribute their music. By Olivia Craighead Photographer Carmen Daneshmandi On Saturday, PWR BTTM was dropped from their label Polyvinyl following accusations of sexual abuse that were brought up against one-half of the duo, Ben Hopkins. As of Monday, the band's album Pageant (which was released on Friday, is no longer available on iTunes, Apple Music, Google Play, Amazon, or Tidal. iTunes and Apple Music have also removed the band's debut studio album, Ugly Cherries. None of PWR BTTM's discography is currently available through Apple. When a user attempts to access PWR BTTM's artist page on Apple Music, an error message pops up. However, both Ugly Cherries and Pageant are still on Spotify. In a statement to Pitchfork, a representative for Polyvinyl said that the label has asked for Pageant to be removed from the service. Since the allegations agains Hopkins were made public last week, Polyvinyl announced that in addition to dropping the band from the label, they would no longer be distributing Pageant. The label offered refunds to those who had purchased the album, and is making donations to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network and the Anti-Violence Project. Shortly after, Father/Daughter Records, the label that released Ugly Cherries, announced that they too would cease to sell PWR BTTM's music. Ugly Cherries is still available on Spotify, Tidal, Google Play, and Amazon. ADVERTISEMENT A representative for PWR BTTM was not immediately available for comment. May 15, 2017 Pop, PWR BTTM Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News A$AP Rocky Shared New Song “RAF” Featuring Frank Ocean, Lil Uzi Vert, And Quavo music / News Here’s Everything That Happened On Episode 6 Of Frank Ocean’s blonded RADIO music / News Kendrick Lamar Just Added New Dates To The DAMN. Tour culture / News Eric Andre Is Producing A New Show On Adult Swim culture / Feature How The Chicken Connoisseur Is Translating Viral Fame Into A Long-Lasting Career music / News PWR BTTM’s Music No Longer Available On iTunes, Apple Music Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library Lightening the Vacation Tech Load TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 15 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (6) Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 by Josh Centers Focusing on bug and security fixes, Apple today updated all of its operating systems: macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1. As always, it pays to wait at least a few days to install these updates. We haven’t heard of any problems out of the gate, but Apple was so parsimonious with release notes that it’s hard to muster much enthusiasm for updating right away. It’s best to err on the side of caution this time. macOS 10.12.5 -- macOS 10.12.5 Sierra is available via Software Update, where it’s a roughly 894 MB download. Alternatively, you can instead download a delta updater (for 10.12.4, 2.15 GB) or combo updater (from any version of 10.12, 2.15 GB). Release notes are sparse, but practically long-winded compared to the notes for the other OS updates. Identified improvements include a fix for an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones, a mysterious claim of enhanced Mac App Store compatibility with future updates, and added support for media-free installations of the Windows 10 Creators Update in Boot Camp. macOS 10.12.5 includes 30 security fixes. iOS 10.3.2 -- The roughly 200 MB iOS 10.3.2 update can be installed in Settings > General > Software Update or via iTunes. However, the release notes say only, “iOS 10.3.2 includes bug fixes and improves the security of your iPhone or iPad.” Remember when we reported on the bugs that caused Mail to ignore named anchors like the article list at the top of TidBITS issues (see “Mail in El Capitan and iOS 9 Ignores Named Anchors,” 5 January 2016)? Apple did fix the problem in Mail in Sierra at some point, but the company didn’t address it in iOS 10, and it remains unfixed in iOS 10.3.2. If only we could make the case that it was a security vulnerability. iOS 10.3.2 integrates 23 security fixes. watchOS 3.2.2 -- Don’t expect more detail from the watch OS 3.2.2 release notes, which offer only the even terser, “This update includes improvements and bug fixes.” You install the 41.7 MB update via the Watch app on your iPhone (in Watch > Settings > General > Software Update). Remember that the Apple Watch must be on its charger, charged to at least 50 percent, and within range of your iPhone, which itself must be on Wi-Fi. Don’t start installing if you’ll want to use the watch again within an hour or so — watchOS updates take surprisingly long to load. watchOS 3.2.2 features 10 security fixes. tvOS 10.2.1 -- With the tvOS 10.2.1 update, Apple is willing to cop only to “This update includes general performance and stability improvements.” You can get the tvOS 10.2 update on your fourth-generation Apple TV via Settings > System > Software Updates > Update Software. tvOS 10.2.1 offers 14 security fixes.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Bernard Salanie, James Forslund, Doris Widger, and Gerard van Herk for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has updated all of its operating systems with bug fixes and various improvements. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Jim Clarke   2017-05-15 17:09 I just updated my iPad (Air 2) in the hope that the ignores-IMAP-path-prefix bug in Mail would be fixed. It was, and the iPad otherwise seems in working order too. Phew. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-05-15 19:08 Hmmm, if the fixes aren't important enough for Apple to list, then they aren't important enough for me to waste time installing them and the possibility they will brick my iDevices. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 19:46 I'd have to agree with that. Apple not telling people what they update (a simple list would be fine) but expecting users to just follow blindly is simply rude. No wonder power users are so cautious to update. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 20:22 From the bug fix standpoint, that's certainly true, and we don't recommend installing it now. But you really do want to install it at some point, since there are a bunch of security fixes, which Apple does describe. Reply Phil Seymour  2017-05-15 21:43 I read the 30 security fixes for OSX or whatever they want to call Sierra these days. It seems that the same sloppy coding that doesn't enable all the functions in software programs since the last update is responsible for a bunch of holes in the security of most everything. It's a good thing I did a complete backup last night so I can reinstall some previous version in case this update is just like the last one. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-05-15 23:39 Right. Backing up is good to do, or something like that. It should go without saying that heads-up TidBITS readers always back up before applying an update/upgrade, unfortunately that's not the case. Forewarned is forearmed, however. If you don't back up your system before one of these updates, any trouble you encounter is your own darn fault. Your negligence is not Apple's responsibility. Of course we'd like to know if you do run into trouble so we can know what to look out for. It's also good to know what's fixed. For instance, has Apple resolved any more of the issues with PDFKit? I would hope to hear about this from some TidBITS contributors who have reported on the problems with recent versions of the macOS and PDF documents. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings Cirrus Logic posted strong numbers, but investors need to pay close attention to these three trends. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 15, 2017 at 9:23PM Cirrus Logic's (NASDAQ:CRUS) fiscal fourth-quarter results beat Wall Street expectations, thanks to an increase in demand for its audio codecs and amplifiers. The audio-chip specialist's quarterly revenue soared 41% year over year, leading to a 128% jump in its non-GAAP net income. What's more, Cirrus offered a bright first-quarter fiscal 2018 outlook, calling for $320 million in revenue at the midpoint, which is slightly more than analysts' expectations. But there's more to a company's earnings than just numbers, so investors shouldn't miss the following key trends, as they are going to define Cirrus' long-term performance. Image source: Cirrus Logic.  Cirrus has reduced its dependence on Apple Cirrus' dependence on Apple for a sizable chunk of its revenue has worried investors in recent weeks, after Cupertino decided to drop chips from Dialog Semiconductor and Imagination Technologies, sparking fears other suppliers could also suffer. But Cirrus investors can perhaps breathe slightly more easily as the chipmaker's Apple-related revenue fell to 78% in the fourth quarter, compared with 85% in the preceding one. That change helped Cirrus overcome the weak iPhone production cycle, as the company seems to be getting more revenue from Samsung. Cirrus is supplying the audio codec for the Galaxy S8 smartphone, which could be a big deal, since the device has gained impressive initial traction. Galaxy S8 pre-orders in North America are 30% higher than those for the previous device. Samsung is reportedly going to bump the production of the device to 60 million units this year, up from the average 45 million to 48 million run rate of the past three flagships. What's more, Samsung has also bundled premium headphones with the Galaxy S8, through its Harman subsidiary. Harman is one of Cirrus' tier 1 customers, indicating that it could be supplying more content to Samsung that'll help it reduce the risks of relying on Apple. Cirrus sees richer audio features in cheaper smartphones Cirrus Logic believes that its audio solutions will start gaining traction beyond the Samsung and Apple flagship devices thanks to technological advancements in midtier smartphones. "With interest in high-performance, ultra-low power audio and voice products accelerating across a wide range of device categories, Cirrus Logic is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities," CEO Jason Rhode said during the recent conference call (via Seeking Alpha's earnings call transcript). Sales of midtier smartphones have picked up pace in recent quarters. For instance, smartphones priced between $200 and $399 accounted for 22% of total smartphone sales at the end of 2015. This metric jumped to 25% by the end of last year, as smartphone companies are packing high-end features such as fingerprint sensors into midrange smartphones. Not surprisingly, Cirrus believes that more Android-based device makers will start using its smart audio codecs, high-fidelity digital-to-analog converters, and amplifiers starting this fiscal year. Higher-end products are driving margin Cirrus Logic's non-GAAP gross margin jumped 40 basis points from the prior-year quarter, while the gain for the entire fiscal year stood at 180 basis points. In fact, the company's gross margin has increased consistently in the past year, translating into strong bottom-line gains. CRUS Gross Profit Margin (TTM) data by YCharts Looking forward, Cirrus' gross margin should continue getting better as its new smartphone platforms for midrange devices start gaining traction. The company has optimized its existing solutions to suit such devices, which should give its revenue a nice boost in the long run, since smartphone makers have started charging a premium for better features. For instance, according to TrendForce, the average selling price of a Chinese smartphone could rise over 17% this year as manufacturers try to differentiate themselves from one another by offering better specs. In fact, Chinese original equipment manufacturers are already faced with rising component costs that they're successfully passing on to customers. This situation should expand Cirrus' addressable market in the long run as more smartphone companies start including high-definition audio in their devices, eventually diversifying its revenue and boosting margins.  Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Imagination Technologies. The Motley Fool recommends Cirrus Logic. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 15, 2017 at 9:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Cirrus Logic NASDAQ:CRUS $64.86 up $0.88 (1.38%) Read More Why Cirrus Logic, Inc. Stock Soared Thursday Morning Why Cirrus Logic, Inc. Fell 10% in February 2 New Technologies That Could Power Cirrus Logic Higher Apple Inc. Chip Suppliers Ready for iPhone 7 Orders What to Expect From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Results Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $CRUS
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter New Apple Park Drone Video Recaps Construction Progress Made Over the Past Year Sunday May 14, 2017 9:51 pm PDT by Mitchel Broussard Drone videographer Matthew Roberts today uploaded a new video about Apple Park, this time showcasing the construction progress that Apple has made on its new campus over the past year. The video starts in June 2016 and goes up through Roberts' most recent drone updates in April and May 2017, where last minute pieces of construction were being put into place as the first small batch of employees moved into the new workspace. Roberts separated the video to focus on the major buildings and features at Apple Park, allowing viewers to watch all the progress that has been made on the central "Spaceship" building, Steve Jobs Theater, main tunnel, R&D facility, fitness center, parking garage, and atrium. Even the large mound of dirt that loomed over the site during the first weeks of construction gets some focus in the video. Apple Park began as an idea by former CEO Steve Jobs, who pitched the plans for the campus to the Cupertino City Council in 2011, with a completion date for 2015. Demolition on the site began in 2013, and construction delays eventually pushed back a late 2016 opening to the spring of 2017. In February, Apple officially named the campus "Apple Park." Construction is still ongoing at the campus, with the Steve Jobs Theater expected to open sometime later in the year, and small landscaping details continuing to be worked on as more employees move into the buildings. Eyes have been on Apple Park's construction since it began, with interesting coverage including nighttime footage, aerial photography, and even a recreation of the campus in Minecraft. Tag: Apple Park [ 49 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) diipii 23 hours ago at 01:27 am [doublepost=1494837124][/doublepost] Designed by Apple California, made in the USA. An amazing accomplishment, something to be proud of. Designed by Norman Foster a British architect. Rating: 15 Votes ronntaylor 22 hours ago at 02:24 am How did the cost reach 5b? The Burj Khalifa cost less than half and didn't take as long to build... That said, really cool facility, looks great. The Burj Khalifa had the advantage of slave-like labor: mostly migrant workers that labored under horrible conditions, many illegally forced to work overtime without additional pay/compensation, and when they complained and demonstrated, some were deported without being paid as a lesson to the others. Apple Park has unique features that incurs additional costs and many of the workers on the project are some of the most highly paid and skilled in their specialties. Not to mention the living conditions and labor laws that protect workers here in the U.S. Rating: 14 Votes chr1s60 1 day ago at 11:13 pm It's a very cool building and campus, but I will be glad when construction is done and we don't need monthly update posts. Rating: 9 Votes meaning-matters 22 hours ago at 02:17 am They don't have to be but might be a good idea if you say continuously that you are at the cutting edge of new technology and use it as a corporate identity. Please read/look deeper, because this building and campus is bursting of innovation. Rating: 3 Votes Mouse man 1 day ago at 11:56 pm Can't wait to see the new and exciting products coming from the brainstorms of the newly invigorated and highly inspired and motivated workforce, once they acclimatize to their fantastic new digs. I know. I mean Apple is so courageous these days Rating: 3 Votes litmag01 19 hours ago at 04:37 am How did the cost reach 5b? The Burj Khalifa cost less than half and didn't take as long to build... That said, really cool facility, looks great. Well... the lack of impoverished Indo-Pak indentured labor didn't help lower the cost for Apple. Rating: 3 Votes Relentless Power 23 hours ago at 01:34 am Google "round buildings" then go to "images of round buildings" then see what innovative and imaginative architecture really looks like: not the sanitised squeakings of Cook and Ive. Why does Apple park have to be "Innovative?" How about looking at it like it's a new office building that they're transitioning into. Not everything Apple Does has to have the word innovative attached. Rating: 2 Votes Piggie 19 hours ago at 05:11 am Circular buildings have a massive issue. While I love the design look the reality of zero visual reference points for easy orientation is going to make this building almost unusable. Anyone who has used a stadium can attest to the sheer terribleness of any homogeneous circle. The BBC television centre was torn down in part because it was such a awful building to navigate and use. I hope apple put in some huge features that mean navigating and orientating the site is easy but I suspect they won't be able to help themselves and will make every entrance and bit of landscaping identical. So basically "Form over function" Something we have all heard for many years, when it comes to most things Apple do. Rating: 2 Votes deany 23 hours ago at 01:17 am Conceived by Apple California, made in the USA. An amazing accomplishment, something to be proud of. Rating: 2 Votes Relentless Power 1 day ago at 10:04 pm I imagine at WWDC, we will get a preview for a general virtual tour of what this mammoth size building looks like from the inside as well. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 With Minor App and Performance Improvements 13 hours ago on Mac Blog Alongside the release of a new macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update that brings some minor bug fixes and performance improvements, Apple has launched a new version of iTunes, iTunes 12.6.1. According to... 35 comments Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new software update for the Apple Watch, upgrading watchOS 3.2 to watchOS 3.2.2. The watchOS 3.2.2 update comes more than one month after the release of watchOS 3.2, an update... 44 comments Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for tvOS, the operating system designed to run on the fourth-generation Apple TV. tvOS 10.2.1 over one month after the release of tvOS 10.2, an update that... 16 comments Lyft and Waymo Announce Partnership That Will Bring Autonomous Vehicle Program to Mainstream 15 hours ago on iOS Blog After opening up a self-driving car program to the public in Phoenix, Arizona last month, Alphabet-owned Waymo has now officially partnered with ride-hailing app Lyft (via The New York Times). The... 7 comments Audio Editing Software Sound Forge Pro Mac Gets First Update in 3 Years 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Magix today announced a re-release and update for the Mac version of its popular audio editing software Sound Forge Pro, marking the first update to the software in the last three years. Magix... 12 comments Google Rumored to Launch Standalone 'Google Assistant' App on iOS With Chat and Voice Controls 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Google is planning to launch its smart AI helper Google Assistant on iOS sometime "soon" as its own standalone app, according to sources speaking to Android Police. The rumor is swirling... 18 comments Philips Hue Announces New White Ambience Table Lamps and Light Fixtures 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Philips today announced a new line of fixtures and table lamps for its Philips Hue White Ambience bulbs, which are specifically designed to provide users with various hues of white light that can be... 18 comments Apple Maps Transit Directions Now Available in Adelaide, Australia 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple Maps has been updated with comprehensive transit data in Adelaide, Australia, enabling iPhone users in the city to navigate with public transportation, primarily including Adelaide Metro buses... 14 comments • Licensing for the MP3 Format Used on Original iPod is Officially 'Terminated' as Patents Expire (50) • Nintendo Planning to Launch Smartphone Version of 'The Legend of Zelda' (33) • Review: ExoLens' Wide-Angle Zeiss Lens is Bulky, but Takes Distortion-Free Photos (48) • Apple Pay Negotiations Still Ongoing in Germany as Hints of Pending Italian Launch Increase (42) • Satechi Launches Type-C Pro Hub for 2016 MacBook Pro With Ports for Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, SD, and More (101) • Google Allo Gaining Personalized Sticker Packs Generated Through Neural Network-Powered Selfies (17) • U.S. Prosecutors to Investigate Uber's Alleged Theft of Waymo's Self-Driving Trade Secrets (20)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Says New Piazza Liberty Store in Milan, Italy With Waterfall Entrance is Coming Soon Monday May 15, 2017 5:50 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple today announced that it will soon open a new retail store at Piazza Liberty, or Liberty Square, in Milan, Italy. As revealed in city planning documents earlier this year, the store will be located entirely below the outdoor amphitheater. The sales floor will be accessible by walking down a staircase situated between two waterfalls that form part of the larger fountain. There will also be an elevator available. Apple is developing the store in partnership with architecture firm Foster and Partners, who have helped design many of the company's most significant retail spaces around the world and its new Apple Park headquarters. Apple's retail chief Angela Ahrendts wants Apple Stores to be more of community gathering places, rather than just a place to buy the latest iPhone or iPad. As part of those plans, Apple Piazza Liberty will be an open space for all to "have a break, be with friends, and discover new interests." The store will feature Apple's next-generation retail design with indoor trees and a large screen for "Today at Apple" sessions and other events. (Thanks, setteBIT!) Related Roundup: Apple Stores Tag: Italy [ 67 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) citysnaps 18 hours ago at 06:08 am So when you are evaluating which tech product to buy, where does "the maker invests in stunning architecture" fit into the priorities for a decision? It doesn't. You would need to have an awareness of art history and architecture over hundreds/thousands of years in order to understand my comment. To help foster that awareness, you might consider enrolling in a few art history classes at the local junior college. Rating: 26 Votes citysnaps 18 hours ago at 05:56 am Beautiful. Happy to see Apple continuing to invest in stunning architecture. Rating: 14 Votes convergent 18 hours ago at 06:05 am Beautiful. Happy to see Apple continuing to invest in stunning architecture. So when you are evaluating which tech product to buy, where does "the maker invests in stunning architecture" fit into the priorities for a decision? Rating: 12 Votes keysofanxiety 18 hours ago at 06:29 am So when you are evaluating which tech product to buy, where does "the maker invests in stunning architecture" fit into the priorities for a decision? How is this a bad thing? It doesn't need to affect the decision of buying the product. It's just... nice. Insufferable. Perhaps you should study the last few decades of the tech industry and how Apple has become the masters of marketing. No college courses required. Marketing or not, how is a new Apple Store which conforms to existing architecture a bad thing? Rating: 12 Votes FrenchRoasted 18 hours ago at 06:27 am It doesn't. You would need to have an awareness of art history and architecture over hundreds/thousands of years in order to understand my comment. To help foster that awareness, you might consider enrolling in a few art history classes at the local junior college. Insufferable. Perhaps you should study the last few decades of the tech industry and how Apple has become the masters of marketing. No college courses required. Rating: 9 Votes RightMACatU 18 hours ago at 06:05 am Nice. Probably financed with the price increase on the MacBook Pro :p Rating: 7 Votes masochist 17 hours ago at 07:13 am I can't be the only one who read this as "Pizza Liberty", can I? Rating: 6 Votes mazz0 18 hours ago at 06:09 am Why would we use shops, even Apple shops, as community gathering places? Are they going to have chairs and tables with no Apple products on, and start selling food and drink? Ooh, like that ancient Apple cyber cafe concept we saw pictures of a while back? Rating: 5 Votes swingerofbirch 18 hours ago at 06:16 am Apple stores won't be a destination for most if they continue to be stingy with floor space. They have the highest revenue per square foot in the industry. I've been to a couple of their stores (the only ones near me are a couple of hours in either direction and are like concrete shoeboxes), and there's no way you could focus in a class. The stores are tiny and packed. I once brought my MBP in because the fan was loud, and to talk to the Genius we had to yell back and forth to hear each other. There was no way he could hear the fan noise. I didn't see where they could possibly conduct their movie, photo, etc. classes. I didn't even see how you could buy a product. It was like Mardi Gras in there. I've never seen prostitutes (that I'm aware of), but my dad who was with me told me he thought a number of the people who were standing around were prostitutes or at least looking for a date. I can't speak to that. But it was packed to the gills. Somehow, Best Buy has a store a few minutes from me, it's gigantic, and it's a ghost town. Same with Dick's sporting goods. I went in there once and I think there were more employees than customers. I can see how that doesn't make good business sense, but Apple's experience is terrible. I guess it's good for the same people who like going to Times Square on NYE, but that's not me. Rating: 4 Votes Denmac1 18 hours ago at 06:26 am Now instead of 'Store', it will be a Retail Gathering Place. Too bad they have no new products to sell. Yes, I know, there are opportunities for new converts, but their upgrades are just too darn far apart. Rating: 4 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 With Minor App and Performance Improvements 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Alongside the release of a new macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update that brings some minor bug fixes and performance improvements, Apple has launched a new version of iTunes, iTunes 12.6.1. According to... 35 comments Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new software update for the Apple Watch, upgrading watchOS 3.2 to watchOS 3.2.2. The watchOS 3.2.2 update comes more than one month after the release of watchOS 3.2, an update... 44 comments Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for tvOS, the operating system designed to run on the fourth-generation Apple TV. tvOS 10.2.1 over one month after the release of tvOS 10.2, an update that... 16 comments Lyft and Waymo Announce Partnership That Will Bring Autonomous Vehicle Program to Mainstream 15 hours ago on iOS Blog After opening up a self-driving car program to the public in Phoenix, Arizona last month, Alphabet-owned Waymo has now officially partnered with ride-hailing app Lyft (via The New York Times). The... 7 comments Audio Editing Software Sound Forge Pro Mac Gets First Update in 3 Years 16 hours ago on Mac Blog Magix today announced a re-release and update for the Mac version of its popular audio editing software Sound Forge Pro, marking the first update to the software in the last three years. Magix... 12 comments Google Rumored to Launch Standalone 'Google Assistant' App on iOS With Chat and Voice Controls 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Google is planning to launch its smart AI helper Google Assistant on iOS sometime "soon" as its own standalone app, according to sources speaking to Android Police. The rumor is swirling... 18 comments Philips Hue Announces New White Ambience Table Lamps and Light Fixtures 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Philips today announced a new line of fixtures and table lamps for its Philips Hue White Ambience bulbs, which are specifically designed to provide users with various hues of white light that can be... 18 comments Apple Maps Transit Directions Now Available in Adelaide, Australia 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple Maps has been updated with comprehensive transit data in Adelaide, Australia, enabling iPhone users in the city to navigate with public transportation, primarily including Adelaide Metro buses... 14 comments • Licensing for the MP3 Format Used on Original iPod is Officially 'Terminated' as Patents Expire (50) • Nintendo Planning to Launch Smartphone Version of 'The Legend of Zelda' (33) • Review: ExoLens' Wide-Angle Zeiss Lens is Bulky, but Takes Distortion-Free Photos (48) • Apple Pay Negotiations Still Ongoing in Germany as Hints of Pending Italian Launch Increase (42) • Satechi Launches Type-C Pro Hub for 2016 MacBook Pro With Ports for Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, SD, and More (101) • Google Allo Gaining Personalized Sticker Packs Generated Through Neural Network-Powered Selfies (17) • U.S. Prosecutors to Investigate Uber's Alleged Theft of Waymo's Self-Driving Trade Secrets (20)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates Monday May 15, 2017 9:58 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released iOS 10.3.2 to the public, following several weeks of testing and four betas. iOS 10.3.2 comes six weeks after the release of iOS 10.3, a major update that introduced a new Find My AirPods feature and Apple File System. It also comes more than a month after iOS 10.3.1, a security update. iOS 10.3.2 is a free over-the-air update available to all users with a compatible device. It can also be downloaded and installed on iOS devices using iTunes on a Mac or PC. There were no outward-facing changes or new features discovered during the beta testing process, aside from a small fix for SiriKit car commands, which are now working as intended. It appears iOS 10.3.2 focuses primarily on bug fixes, security enhancements, and other minor operating system improvements. iOS 10 will soon be followed by iOS 11, which we will see introduced at Apple's June Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California. We still have several months to go until iOS 11 is released to the public, so there are likely to be continued iOS 10 updates. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 155 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) larrylaffer 14 hours ago at 10:05 am Another update which will undoubtedly slow the phone down and push people more towards the new iPhone. "Look Mom I posted it again!" Rating: 50 Votes busyscott 14 hours ago at 10:02 am The last update before a major iOS release, also known as: as stable as it gets. Rating: 27 Votes keysofanxiety 14 hours ago at 10:04 am Another update which will undoubtedly slow the phone down and push people more towards the new iPhone. iOS updates haven't slowed down phones for a long time. Absolutely true from the 3G-4S days, not so much now. If anything it's the opposite these days. Apple have properly stepped up their game with software QA. Rating: 23 Votes braddick 14 hours ago at 10:02 am Another update which will undoubtedly slow the phone down and push people more towards the new iPhone. This is not true. Although your theory may have certainly been accurate in the past, it is not accurate with this update. 10.2.1 is inferior compared to 10.3.2 Rating: 21 Votes Defender2010 14 hours ago at 10:02 am Another update which will undoubtedly slow the phone down and push people more towards the new iPhone. Actually 10.3.2 betas have been very smooth and fast, so newbie, I'm afraid you are wrong this time! Rating: 20 Votes djcerla 14 hours ago at 10:13 am Another update that will keep iOS secure, and avoid disasters like the Windowscalypse that is currently unfolding (and make no misteke, billions of unpatched Android devices will be next). Rating: 19 Votes Tariqfilms 14 hours ago at 10:01 am Another update which will undoubtedly slow the phone down and push people more towards the new iPhone. Rating: 18 Votes ghostface147 14 hours ago at 10:01 am I'm going to get laughed at, but in one of my scenes while dreaming last night, I was on this webpage and saw this release. Rating: 12 Votes Rigby 14 hours ago at 10:25 am List of security updates: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207798 Rating: 8 Votes acedout 14 hours ago at 10:08 am I'm going to get laughed at, but in one of my scenes while dreaming last night, I was on this webpage and saw this release. Yep. I laughed. Rating: 7 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 With Minor App and Performance Improvements 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Alongside the release of a new macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update that brings some minor bug fixes and performance improvements, Apple has launched a new version of iTunes, iTunes 12.6.1. According to... 35 comments Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new software update for the Apple Watch, upgrading watchOS 3.2 to watchOS 3.2.2. The watchOS 3.2.2 update comes more than one month after the release of watchOS 3.2, an update... 44 comments Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for tvOS, the operating system designed to run on the fourth-generation Apple TV. tvOS 10.2.1 over one month after the release of tvOS 10.2, an update that... 16 comments Lyft and Waymo Announce Partnership That Will Bring Autonomous Vehicle Program to Mainstream 15 hours ago on iOS Blog After opening up a self-driving car program to the public in Phoenix, Arizona last month, Alphabet-owned Waymo has now officially partnered with ride-hailing app Lyft (via The New York Times). The... 7 comments Audio Editing Software Sound Forge Pro Mac Gets First Update in 3 Years 16 hours ago on Mac Blog Magix today announced a re-release and update for the Mac version of its popular audio editing software Sound Forge Pro, marking the first update to the software in the last three years. Magix... 12 comments Google Rumored to Launch Standalone 'Google Assistant' App on iOS With Chat and Voice Controls 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Google is planning to launch its smart AI helper Google Assistant on iOS sometime "soon" as its own standalone app, according to sources speaking to Android Police. The rumor is swirling... 18 comments Philips Hue Announces New White Ambience Table Lamps and Light Fixtures 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Philips today announced a new line of fixtures and table lamps for its Philips Hue White Ambience bulbs, which are specifically designed to provide users with various hues of white light that can be... 18 comments Apple Maps Transit Directions Now Available in Adelaide, Australia 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple Maps has been updated with comprehensive transit data in Adelaide, Australia, enabling iPhone users in the city to navigate with public transportation, primarily including Adelaide Metro buses... 14 comments • Licensing for the MP3 Format Used on Original iPod is Officially 'Terminated' as Patents Expire (50) • Nintendo Planning to Launch Smartphone Version of 'The Legend of Zelda' (33) • Review: ExoLens' Wide-Angle Zeiss Lens is Bulky, but Takes Distortion-Free Photos (48) • Apple Pay Negotiations Still Ongoing in Germany as Hints of Pending Italian Launch Increase (42) • Satechi Launches Type-C Pro Hub for 2016 MacBook Pro With Ports for Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, SD, and More (101) • Google Allo Gaining Personalized Sticker Packs Generated Through Neural Network-Powered Selfies (17) • U.S. Prosecutors to Investigate Uber's Alleged Theft of Waymo's Self-Driving Trade Secrets (20)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Releases New 'Barbers' iPhone 7 Plus Ad Promoting Portrait Mode Monday May 15, 2017 12:13 pm PDT by Juli Clover Apple today shared a new iPhone 7 Plus ad on its YouTube channel, once again promoting the Portrait Mode feature of its flagship device. The spot takes place in a barbershop, with photos from the iPhone 7 Plus used to advertise the shop's skills. Images captured with the iPhone are added to the storefront, drawing in more and more customers until there's a long line out the door. "In Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, you don't just look good. You look fantastic," reads the ad's description. Apple has been heavily promoting the iPhone 7 Plus Portrait Mode feature, which Tim Cook recently said is one of the reasons why the iPhone 7 Plus has been the most popular "Plus" model the company has released yet. Interest in the iPhone 7 Plus led to constrained supplies for months, with Apple having just reached supply/demand balance early in the second quarter of 2017. Apple has released several ads focusing on the iPhone 7 Plus and its dual lens camera, including "Take Mine" about a girl in a greek village who captures her town using Portrait Mode, and "The City," featuring two people who document a series of adventures using the iPhone 7 Plus. Apple also recently shared a new website and a series of tutorial videos that cover how to take better photos using the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. Tag: Apple ads [ 54 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) iModFrenzy 12 hours ago at 12:21 pm I love MacRumors but I don't see the point in posting news articles over advertisements? Seems more like a side news article then a front page one, unless I'm missing something Rating: 11 Votes macduke 12 hours ago at 12:31 pm I guess this commercial is lost on me. I thought portrait mode primarily blurred out features in the background, but I'm not seeing the benefit here. Maybe a professional photographer can readily see the difference, but the commercial transitions from the live action to the picture so quickly I can't see where the background blur does anything and the photos are so closely cropped as to make any blur effect minimal anyway. Don't get me wrong, the pictures are quite good, but this doesn't highlight portrait mode very well. Professional photographer here. The background blur effect on the iPhone 7 Plus happens in real-time, so you can't really see the effect in the advertisement, as there is nothing to compare it to. To compound the issue, they're using expensive cinema lenses that have wide apertures, blurring the background already of the person and the background around the iPhone before taking the shot. But once you consider that, the effect is quite impressive, because it gives a similar effect to more expensive cameras and lenses, just at a lower resolution and with poorer low-light performance. Also, sometimes, the algorithm messes up. Apple will continue to improve it, and future advancements such as 3D depth sensors should help improve the effect. Rating: 6 Votes Moorepheus 12 hours ago at 12:20 pm Release all the ads they want, Portrait mode is a gimmick at best. In a well lit room, still get the message that I need more light. The Photos are grainy and half the time it doesn't take the depth of field picture at all. Rating: 4 Votes Zaft 12 hours ago at 12:22 pm Nice ad, I use portrait mode a lot ,its a nice feature. Rating: 3 Votes macpanzer 12 hours ago at 12:19 pm Meh... Cookie Monster ad is still the best :) Rating: 3 Votes JohnnyApple$eed 12 hours ago at 12:35 pm Every add I see from Apple now I ask myself "Is it worth $1,000.00"? And I kept answering myself with "NOPE"! I really hope the iPhone does something magical like print money. Rating: 3 Votes NachoGrande 12 hours ago at 12:16 pm Oh I though this was a feature that would turn the phone to landscape instead of portrait mode when taking videos. :( one day.... Rating: 2 Votes chumpy34 11 hours ago at 01:21 pm As someone who works in the video production and commercial business, I have to say this is one of the best ads I have seen in sometime. Snappy, fun, creative and good product promotion without slamming you over-the-head. Way to go Apple (or ad company Apple hired:) Rating: 2 Votes 3rdiguy 7 hours ago at 05:19 pm I totally get this because after I get my haircut I have my barber take my picture and it looks amazing! Rating: 2 Votes rjbenson83 9 hours ago at 03:32 pm I thought this was going to be an app that would connect me with the dopest Barbers in my area Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 With Minor App and Performance Improvements 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Alongside the release of a new macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update that brings some minor bug fixes and performance improvements, Apple has launched a new version of iTunes, iTunes 12.6.1. According to... 35 comments Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new software update for the Apple Watch, upgrading watchOS 3.2 to watchOS 3.2.2. The watchOS 3.2.2 update comes more than one month after the release of watchOS 3.2, an update... 44 comments Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today released a new update for tvOS, the operating system designed to run on the fourth-generation Apple TV. tvOS 10.2.1 over one month after the release of tvOS 10.2, an update that... 16 comments Lyft and Waymo Announce Partnership That Will Bring Autonomous Vehicle Program to Mainstream 15 hours ago on iOS Blog After opening up a self-driving car program to the public in Phoenix, Arizona last month, Alphabet-owned Waymo has now officially partnered with ride-hailing app Lyft (via The New York Times). The... 7 comments Audio Editing Software Sound Forge Pro Mac Gets First Update in 3 Years 16 hours ago on Mac Blog Magix today announced a re-release and update for the Mac version of its popular audio editing software Sound Forge Pro, marking the first update to the software in the last three years. Magix... 12 comments Google Rumored to Launch Standalone 'Google Assistant' App on iOS With Chat and Voice Controls 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Google is planning to launch its smart AI helper Google Assistant on iOS sometime "soon" as its own standalone app, according to sources speaking to Android Police. The rumor is swirling... 18 comments Philips Hue Announces New White Ambience Table Lamps and Light Fixtures 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Philips today announced a new line of fixtures and table lamps for its Philips Hue White Ambience bulbs, which are specifically designed to provide users with various hues of white light that can be... 18 comments Apple Maps Transit Directions Now Available in Adelaide, Australia 18 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple Maps has been updated with comprehensive transit data in Adelaide, Australia, enabling iPhone users in the city to navigate with public transportation, primarily including Adelaide Metro buses... 14 comments • Licensing for the MP3 Format Used on Original iPod is Officially 'Terminated' as Patents Expire (50) • Nintendo Planning to Launch Smartphone Version of 'The Legend of Zelda' (33) • Review: ExoLens' Wide-Angle Zeiss Lens is Bulky, but Takes Distortion-Free Photos (48) • Apple Pay Negotiations Still Ongoing in Germany as Hints of Pending Italian Launch Increase (42) • Satechi Launches Type-C Pro Hub for 2016 MacBook Pro With Ports for Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, SD, and More (101) • Google Allo Gaining Personalized Sticker Packs Generated Through Neural Network-Powered Selfies (17) • U.S. Prosecutors to Investigate Uber's Alleged Theft of Waymo's Self-Driving Trade Secrets (20)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global And China Apple Concentrate Industry 2017 Market Research Report If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ In this report, the global Apple Concentrate market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Global And China Apple Concentrate Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Apple Concentrate industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Apple Concentrate market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added. Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Apple Concentrate industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Global Apple Concentrate market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Dohler GMBH Shaanxi Hengtong Fruit Juice & Beverage Group China Huiyuan Juice Group Ltd Britvic Plc. Welch Foods Inc., A Cooperative Rauch Fruchts?fte Gmbh & Co Og Hermann Pfanner Getr?nke GmbH Cobell Ltd ………. If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Key Topics Covered:  Chapter One Industry Overview of Apple Concentrate Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Four Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Apple Concentrate by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Five Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Apple Concentrate by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Six Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Apple Concentrate by Regions, Types and Applications Chapter Seven Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Eight Major Manufacturers Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Ten Industry Chain Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Eleven Development Trend of Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Apple Concentrate Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the Global Apple Concentrate Industry 2017 Market Research Report Related Reports: Japan Apple Concentrate Industry Market Research Report 2017 China Apple Concentrate Industry Market Research Report 2017 Europe Apple Concentrate Industry Market Research Report 2017 United States Apple Concentrate Industry Market Research Report 2017 India Apple Concentrate Industry Market Research Report 2017 Note:We also offer Germany/Korea/Australia/Brazil/Russia/India/Indonesia/Malaysia/Europe/Asia/Asia-Pacific/North America/Latin America/South America/AMER/EMEA/Africa etc Countries/Regions and Sales/Industry Versions Respectively Thank you so much for reading the article. If you are interested in the report or have any question, please feel free to contact me. Looking forward to your email. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Phone: +86-20-22093278 Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ www.qyresearcheurope.com/ QYResearch established in 2007, focus on custom research, management consulting, IPO consulting, industry chain research, data base and seminar services. the company owned a large basic data base (such as National Bureau of statistics database, Customs import and export database, Industry Association Database etc), experts resources (included energy automotive chemical medical ICT consumer goods etc industries experts who own more than 10 years experiences on marketing or R&D), professional survey team (the team member with more than 3 years market survey experience and more than 2 years depth expert interview experience),Excellent data analysis team (SPSS statistics and PPT graphics process team); QYResearch has always pursuit product quality, adhere to the quality is the soul of business. Through the companys years of effort and a lot of customer support, QYResearch consulting group creative design method of many high-quality markets investigation and research team with rich experience. Today, QYResearch brand has become the consulting industry with quality assurance consulting brand. The company has 2500 global well-known customers, covering energy automobile pharmaceutical chemical agriculture more than 30 industries, services from the data analysis and recommendations-Consulting landing one-stop solution, and research regions cover China,US,EU,Asia,Middle East and Africa,South America,Australia,etc Global all regions,and also built research or marketing center in China USA UK France Hongkong etc regions. currently, QYResearch has become the first choice and worth trusted consulting brand in Global and China business consulting services. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Phone: +86-20-22093278 Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ www.qyresearcheurope.com/ Room 2311 VILI International Building No.167 Linhe West Road Tianhe District Guangzhou City Guangdong Province.  This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Rare Earth Elements (REE) Market 2017 – Features Key Companies (China Minmetals Corporation, Ganzhou Rare Earth Group, Great Western Minerals Group) Next PostNext China International Big Data Industry Expo 2017 highlighted on giant display screens overlooking New York’s Times Square Search Recent Posts Waymo’s Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What’s in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Factors That Made TreeHouse Foods (THS) a Touch-Me-Not Stock Lilly’s Migraine Drug Phase III Trials Meet Primary Endpoint RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 [Download] Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 [Download] Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Google Assistant to Launch as Standalone App on iOS? Apple Unveils Design for New Flagship 'Piazza Liberty' Retail Store in Milan Apple Park: One Year Construction Recap [Video] Apple Acquires Lattice Dark Data Company for $200 Million Nike Releases New iPhone Cases With Air Force 1 and Roshe Outsole Patterns Apple Posts New 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' Video Series [Watch] Anker Speakers and Earbuds on Sale Up to 72% Off [Deal] Apple Awards Corning Its First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 5 hours ago by iClarified · 1723 views · Translate Apple is planning to update its Apple Watch with glucose monitoring capabilities for diabetics and smart bands that add additional functionality, according to a BGR report. Their source claims Apple has hired 200 PhDs in the past year as part of an effort improve the health capabilities of the smartwatch. Most notably, Apple is said to be working on a way for the watch to monitor glucose levels without requiring a separate device. Currently, a blood sample, usually taken with a device that penetrates the skin, is required to measure blood sugar levels. According to our source, Apple’s sights are now set on the epidemic of diabetes, and the company plans to introduce a game-changing glucose monitoring feature in an upcoming Apple Watch. An estimated 30 million people suffer from diabetes in the US alone, according to the American Diabetes Association, so Apple’s efforts could lead to a historic achievement in the world of health and fitness. Additionally, Apple is allegedly planning to unveil interchangeable 'smart watch bands' that add functionality to the Apple Watch without increasing the price of the watch. The glucose monitoring feature could come in the way of a smart band. For those who aren't aware, there is actually a hidden port on the device which could facilitate this. A camera band that adds a camera to the watch is another possibility, or a band that contains a battery to extend battery life for wearers who want even more longevity, even though the Apple Watch’s battery performance is already class-leading. The site's source says Apple has “identified the right part of the body and there’s so much more they can and intend to do with the watch.” BGR speculates that there could come a time when the Apple Watch could replace the iPhone when used with augmented reality glasses or contact lenses. We're hoping that Apple will give us a peak at its vision for the future at WWDC. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment @Comment - 2 hours ago Lol @ Albert . Yeah it is 12.43 here Reply · Like · Mark as Spam cookerrrr - 3 hours ago I expected this feature since Watch1. It's very late. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Albertovhs - 3 hours ago I know right? It's almost 11 pm Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Corning Boosted by Apple Investment The deal could lead to capital-expenditure and operating-expenditure efficiencies. May 15, 2017 3:30 p.m. ET Corning (GLW: NYSE) By Wells Fargo Securities ($28.91, May 12, 2017) Apple announced Corning will receive $200 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund to support the glass maker’s research and development, capital equipment and processing capabilities at its Harrodsburg, Ky., facility. We think the investment is a net... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Nvidia: Take Advantage of Short-Sighted Investor Worries, Says Goldman Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Tech Today: Buffett Buys AAPL, Salesforce On Tap, AMD’s Prospects Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 2 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation 3 Barshefsky: China Stepped Up Reform Push Reversals Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip Nav Celebrity Shop Via Text Sign Up Now! UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Did you know we have a UK site? Did you know we have a Australia site? Did you know we have a France site? Did you know we have a Deutschland site? Did you know we have a Middle East site? Did you know we have a الشرق الأوسط site? x Gwyneth Paltrow Reunites With Chris Martin For Apple's Colorful 13th Birthday Party Jane Birkin 53 Cannes Film Festival Photos That Will Take You Way, Way Back Natalie Portman Natalie Portman Looks Beautiful in a Bikini 3 Months After Giving Birth Jim Parsons See the First Adorable Photo From Jim Parsons and Todd Spiewak's Wedding 5/15/17 5/15/17 POPSUGAR Celebrity Mother's Day Gwyneth Paltrow's Instagram Photos For Apple's Birthday 2017 Gwyneth Paltrow Reunites With Chris Martin For Apple's Colorful 13th Birthday Party May 15, 2017 by Monica Sisavat 256 Shares Chat with us on Facebook Messenger. Learn what's trending across POPSUGAR. A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on May 14, 2017 at 2:09pm PDT Gwyneth Paltrow and her family had a lot to celebrate over the weekend. Not only was it Mother's Day on Sunday, but it was also her daughter Apple Martin's 13th birthday. Gwyneth reunited with ex-husband Chris Martin and the two took Apple and her brother, Moses, to the new Museum of Ice Cream in LA. The Goop founder shared an adorable Boomerang video of their adventure on Instagram, writing, "Best Apple's birthday/Mother's Day EVER at the @museumoficecream 🍦🎂🍏@autumncomm SO FUN #goopgo #dtla." She also paid tribute to Apple in a separate post by uploading a beautiful photo of her and captioning it, "Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human. You light up every room, my heart, the world. You. Are. Everything. I love you, schnapps. #🍎" Despite their 2014 split, Gwyneth and Chris have managed to remain friends; Gwyneth even gave Chris a special birthday shout-out on social media back in March. Gwyneth has since moved on with producer Brad Falchuk, while Chris has been romantically linked to Jennifer Lawrence and Annabelle Wallis. A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on May 14, 2017 at 9:55am PDT Join the conversation Share this post Celebrity FamiliesMother's DayChris MartinMoses MartinApple MartinGwyneth Paltrow Around The Web What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! 0Reactions Join The Conversation Be in the Know With Our Celebrity and Entertainment Newsletter You're subscribed! Sign Up For Our Newsletter Select topics that interest you Young Hollywood Movies TV A-Listers Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Related Posts Gwyneth Paltrow Gwyneth Paltrow's Most Precious Pictures With Her Kids by Laura Marie Meyers 5/29/16 Gwyneth Paltrow Gwyneth Paltrow and Her Son Say Goodbye to Summer With an Adorable Pool Snap by Monica Sisavat 9/01/15 Facebook You Won't Know Whether to Laugh or Cry Over These 26 Embarrassing Pregnancy Stories by Lauren Levy 3 weeks ago Toddlers After Her Son's Tantrum at the Supermarket, This Mom Receives a Sweet Surprise From a Stranger by Marina Liao 2 weeks ago Entertainment Video The Real Reason Behind Gwyneth Paltrow's Summer Glow by Allie Merriam 8/15/14 Gwyneth Paltrow Gwyneth Paltrow Sizzles in a Bikini During a Getaway With Brad Falchuk by Caitlin Hacker 4/08 Zoe Saldana Stars Speaking Foreign Languages Might Actually Blow Your Mind by Nick Maslow 1 week ago Mother's Day 23 Famous Moms Getting Cute With Their Famous Kids by Maria Mercedes Lara 1 day ago Chris Martin Chris Martin Gets in Some Quality Time With Son Moses Ahead of the Super Bowl by Caitlin Hacker 1/26/16 Gwyneth Paltrow Gwyneth Paltrow Stuns at the Met Gala After Vowing She'd "Never Go Again" by Quinn Keaney 1 week ago Celebrity Kids 33 Photos of Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos's Family That Will Replace Your Morning Coffee by Caitlin Hacker 1 day ago Babies Seeing NICU Babies Cuddle With Their Moms Will Make You Want to Hold Yours Close by Victoria Messina 15 hours ago From Our Partners Latest Celebrity & Entertainment Get Your Daily Inside Scoop Young Hollywood A-Listers Movies TV Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat × Be the first to know Personalize All the celebrity news, candids, and red carpet photos delivered daily. Young Hollywood A-Listers Movies TV Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × POPSUGAR We’re Hiring! Write For Us About Us Terms Privacy Policy Contact More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights POPSUGAR International: UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Sign Up For Our Award Winning Email: Be the first to know Personalize All the celebrity news, candids, and red carpet photos delivered daily. Young Hollywood A-Listers Movies TV Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get POPSUGAR On The Go: Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Follow Us ©2017 POPSUGAR Inc. × Celebrity Celebrity News Entertainment News Movies Television Celebrity Couples Celebrities Fashion Fashion News Shopping Street Style Style How To Summer Fashion Hers & Mine Fitness Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Fitness Video Power Your Happy POPSUGAR GLOW Beauty Makeup Hair Nails Beauty Video Beauty Trend Finder Love Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Power Your Happy Moms Parenting Pregnancy Babies Toddlers Little Kids LilSugar Awards Food and Fun Living Home Tech Smart Living Pets Power Your Happy Career Work Personal Finance Job Search Power Your Happy Power Your Happy Q & A Food Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Power Your Happy Food Video Latina Recipes Family Life Celebrity Fashion Beauty Fitness News Power Your Happy Video Entertainment Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Tech Home SHOP Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Pop Culture Living Mom & Kids Gifts Tech Smart Living Login / Register We're Hiring! Write For Us About Us Advertising Contact FAQ Archives Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights Terms Privacy Policy ©2017 PopSugar • POPSUGAR Entertainment & Culture × Be the first to know Personalize All the celebrity news, candids, and red carpet photos delivered daily. Young Hollywood A-Listers Movies TV Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. All the Latest From Ryan Reynolds
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Intel's Optane Memory Could Make Cheap Computers Fast Again Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Turns Out King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Is A Lot Better Than Anyone Expected The Magic In Sleight Makes Up For An Otherwise Familiar Tale Alien: Covenant: The Gizmodo Review On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review Metabox Alpha N850HK: Australian Review Turns Out King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Is A Lot Better Than Anyone Expected Smart Home & Gadgets You Can Buy A 7MHz PC In 2017 What Happened To The Amazing HoloLens Future We Were Promised? Drones Are Getting Their Own Air Traffic Control With No Need For Humans North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Mobile This Simple Smartphone App May Just Trick People Into Thinking You Don't Suck At Graffiti How To Install Lightweight Versions Of Your Favourite Apps Study Shows Heavy Facebook Users Have Less Grey Matter Snapchat Debuts New Disappearing Stock Price Car Tech This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come All We Need In Life Is A Mini With Billionaire Doors This Wildly Vulgar 27-Year-Old US Car Dealership Parody Ad Is Still F**king Great See A Porsche Cayenne Tow The Heaviest Aircraft Ever Towed By A Production Vehicle Online Trump Reportedly Shared Highly Classified Info With Russian Officials At The White House Lawsuit: VR Company Had A 'Kink Room', Pressured Female Employees To 'Microdose' Report: New Pirates Of The Caribbean Being Held For Ransom By Internet Pirates Facebook Thinks Saying "Men Are Trash" Is Hate Speech Science & Health We All Live On Trash Island A Controversial Ebola Vaccine May Get Its First Real World Test In Congo How You Can Help Australian Scientists Look For Exploding Stars Why SpaceX Won't Be Landing Its Rocket Today Cameras A New York Time Lapse Like You've Never Seen So A Lion Found A GoPro It Took Three Years To Film This Spectacular Timelapse Of Hundreds Of Blooming Flowers Deals: How To Become A Professional Photographer In 30 Hours Computing Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Microsoft's Apps Problem Has Never Been More Dire Huge Trove Of Confidential US Medical Records Discovered On Unsecured Server Accessible To Anyone Gaming Deals: A PS4 Pro And Horizon Zero Dawn For Under $500 New Board Game The Captain Is Dead Is All About Surviving A Sci-Fi Horror Scenario Russian Blogger Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Playing Pokémon Go in Church You Can Watch A Starcraft II Match On Your Next Emirates Flight Entertainment Everything The Trailer For The X-Men Show The Gifted Tells Us About Its Mutant Heroes Watch Dafne Keen Give Hugh Jackman Bruises In Her Super-Intense Logan Audition The Mummy Unleashes The First Peek At Russell Crowe's Mr Hyde GLOW Might Just Be The New Orange Is The New Black Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment Deals: Here, Have Some Military Grade Torches Harvey Norman Has New Rules For Selling Extended Warranties Everything We Know About 'Tidelands', Netflix's First Australian Original Series We Don't Need Broadcast TV Any More How To Get All Your Fitness Tracking Data In One Place David Nield May 16, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple health apps desktop fieldguide fitness google fit health wearables Share You've got data pouring in from your connected fitness tracker, your smartphone, your smartwatch, the smart scales in your bathroom and the dieting app you use to log your meals — so how do you get all of this information in one place? It isn't easy, but here are a few pointers to help. Image: Fitbit Fortunately for those looking to consolidate their health and fitness data, most of these services have APIs, so there are options for pooling stats from different devices and apps. It's what Google and Apple have been trying to do with their own health and fitness portals, though with a limited amount of success so far. Using Google Fit Image: Google Google Fit now comes as standard on Nexus and Pixel devices, using the sensors packed into your phone (or Android Wear watch) to keep track of steps, sleep, and other measurements automatically. As you would expect from Google, it's slick and available on the web, but we're yet seeing much in the way of support from non-Google devices, even though Google Fit was first announced way back in summer 2014. Image: Screenshot There are a decent number of apps that work with Fit: Strava, Sleep As Android, and Runtastic, for example, so if you use these apps to track your running, walking, sleeping, and workouts then Google Fit is a decent option for consolidating everything in one place. What's missing is direct compatibility with the major wearable makers, the likes of Fitbit and Misfit, though Withings devices are supported. Compatible apps (here's a list) are usually connected from within each individual app's settings, so you'll need to dig around to find the option. From within the Google Fit app on Android, choose Settings from the menu then tap Apps connected to see what's piping data into Google Fit. Using Apple Health Image: Apple It's a similar story with Apple Health as it is for Google Fit — strong integration with Apple's own kit and support for some big-name apps, but more limited compatibility with actual devices you might be wearing on your body (unless it's the Apple Watch). Health is much broader in scope than Fit, acting as a repository for all of your medical data, not just the number laps your ran this morning. It also goes into greater depth when analysing your progress and making recommendations about where you can improve (like when to stop and take a breath). Image: Screenshot There's no easy way of checking which apps work with Apple Health and which don't, but as with Google Fit, Strava and Runtastic have joined the party, and Health links to apps from Misfit, Withings and Garmin too, so you can in theory use any of their wearables and pipe data through the default apps then on to Apple Health. Fitbit is the big hold-out. As with Google Fit, access is granted to Apple Health through the individual apps. Tap the Sources link on the front page of the Health app to see what you've linked up and adjust which variables each of the apps is allowed to edit. Using IFTTT Image: Screenshot We're unashamed fans of IFTTT (If This Then That), and the service plugs into just about every fitness tracking API out there including Fitbit, Jawbone, Withings, Misfit, Strava and more. This makes it even broader in scope than the offerings from Google and Apple. It's a shame then that IFTTT doesn't work with Google Fit or Apple Health directly. IFTTT isn't a repository for your data either, so once you've collected all the information from your various trackers and apps, you need to put it somewhere else. Fortunately, there are lots of options to pick from. You can pipe your statistics out to Evernote, for example, or a Google Drive spreadsheet, or OneNote, or even a blog post if you want the world to know what you're up to. A bit of trial and error might be required to get the data in the shape you need, but you've got plenty of scope for collecting and analysing feedback from multiple apps and devices. If you want to log your daily Fitbit stats to a Google Drive sheet, for example, choose Fitbit then Daily activity summary as your trigger, then Google Drive and Add row to a spreadsheet as your action. With a bit of touching up on the sheet itself, you can get a very decent-looking record of your exercise and sleep. Then you can import information from the spreadsheet into various apps. Using Exist We may well have saved the best until last. Exist draws in a ton of data from a range of fitness apps and devices, and will even go to the trouble of analysing it for you, letting you know which days you're most productive, and even how the weather affects your exercise. Exist works with Fitbit, Jawbone, Misfit, Withings, Google Fit, Apple Health (and the Apple Watch), Strava, Moves, Runkeeper and more besides. It can also pull in data from the likes of Last.fm, Spotify, Twitter, Dark Sky and RescueTime to try and chart your exercise against other factors like social media activity and how much music you're listening to. A subscription to Exist will set you back $US6 ($8) a month but there is a 30-day free trial available so you can work out whether it's for you. Once you've got yourself up and running, you can connect various services with just a few clicks. The online interface is a breeze to use and lets you dig into your stats in great detail, letting you chart different variables against each other. It also tries to pick out trends for you, letting you know everything from which music artist gets you exercising more to how your tweet patterns boost your step count. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus May 16, 2017, 11:28am No mention of Samsung Health? I really wanted Google Fit to work well but it's really underwhelming. Samsung Health does a lot more, it's just a bit weak on wearable support. But it does support connecting to a lot of third party apps, several of which can bridge your wearable into Health pretty seamlessly. Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof Lindsay Handmer 15 May 2017 2:30 PM Last week, Tesla announced Australian pre-orders for its solar roof, with installations starting in 2018. The idea is fantastic - replace your house roof with solar tiles that look good, generate power and are even more durable than existing options. But in the real world, is it worth the price? We crunch the numbers to find out. Developers Of The MP3 Have Officially Killed It Rhett Jones 15 May 2017 9:00 AM MP3, the digital audio coding format, changed the way we listen to music and drove the adoption of countless new devices over the last couple of decades. And now, it's dead. The developer of the format announced this week that it has officially terminated its licensing program. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have Some Military Grade Torches Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Trending Articles 1 Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof 2 Developers Of The MP3 Have Officially Killed It 3 The First Trailer For Seth MacFarlane's Star Trek Spoof The Orville Looks Perfect We All Live On Trash Island This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Everything The Trailer For The X-Men Show The Gifted Tells Us About Its Mutant Heroes All We Need In Life Is A Mini With Billionaire Doors Elgato's Stream Deck Is Fancy Tool For Fancy Streamers Quake Champion's Beta Is A Bloody Disaster The Wildest Matches From Compete's Street Fighter Pro Challenge Too Many Australians Are Still Using Windows XP How To Afford A House When You're Spending All Your Money On Avocado Toast HTTP Cookies: Fact Vs Fiction Microsoft Says Fighting Cyber Attacks Is A Team Effort Elevator Pitch: Energy Locals INFOGRAPHIC: The incredible rise of financial scams in Australia You can squeeze HTC's new U11 smartphone to take selfies one-handed or underwater 'Nearly half' of EU companies are preparing to cut ties with British suppliers over Brexit Brexit is going to cost easyJet £3 million in relocation costs this year © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Next-Gen Apple Watch Could Feature Glucose Monitoring By Tyler Lee on 05/15/2017 17:31 PDT As far as health tracking features are concerned, there isn’t much on the Apple Watch that other smartwatches or fitness bands don’t already offer, although recently researchers have praised the heart rate sensor on the device and claimed that it is sensitive/accurate enough to pick up on potential heart problems. That being said, the third-gen Apple Watch could be a game changer for smartwatches if a report from BGR is right. According to the publication, they claim to have heard from their sources that the next-gen Apple Watch could come with a glucose monitoring feature. This isn’t the first time we’re hearing about this as back in April, it was reported that Apple has a “secret team” working on such a sensor for the Apple Watch. We just did not think it would arrive this early. One of the key features to this sensor is that it will somehow be capable of measuring the wearer’s glucose levels without having to draw blood or penetrate the skin, which would be rather groundbreaking if it is true. Exactly how Apple plans on achieving this remains to be seen, so take it with a grain of salt for now. In addition, the report claims that Apple will look into smart bands which can add functionality to the watch, which once again is something we’ve heard before. The Apple Watch Series 3 is expected to be announced in the second half of 2017, but whether or not the watch will come with all these alleged features is another story. Filed in Apple >Gadgets >Rumors. Read more about Apple Watch, Health, Smartwatch and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2017-05-11 Researchers Find That The Apple Watch Can Detect Heart Disease 2017-05-03 Apple Watch Sales Reportedly Doubled Since Last Year 2017-05-02 Google Maps For Apple Watch Will Return ‘In The Future’ 2017-05-01 Major Apps Are Dropping Support For Apple Watch 2017-04-12 Apple Has A ‘Secret Team’ Working On A Glucose Sensor For Apple Watch 2017-01-05 BACtrack Skyn Lets Your Apple Watch Detect How Drunk You Are 2016-12-15 Doctors Looking To Crowdfund Apple Watch App That Detects Falls 2016-12-05 Runkeeper Updated, Will Now Use The Apple Watch’s GPS Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices (17 Mar 17) Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode (24 Sep 16) MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience (10 Mar 16) Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus (25 Oct 14) OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library (18 Feb 11)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 14 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (13) Lightening the Vacation Tech Load by Julio Ojeda-Zapata For decades, I have tried to travel light but seemed genetically incapable of doing so. Regardless of the type of trip, I would pack two or three times more clothes than necessary. This also applied to my technology. I always took along a Mac, even on family vacations. Heck, beyond the laptop, I would bring along multiple gadgets like PDAs, tablets, and phones – the more the better! In addition to saddling me with needless weight, packing all this gear created an endless temptation to tinker. I love to fiddle with my tech and have been known to wipe my Mac’s hard drive and reinstall its operating system while on vacation. If you’re thinking, “He’s nuts!” or something similar, I agree with you. As does my wife. That’s why a recent vacation to visit family in Florida was momentous. For the first time, I packed (somewhat) more sensibly. Oh, I don’t mean clothing and footwear – I overdid those yet again – but I tried to pare down my tech and succeeded, to a degree. It’s a work in progress. I stuck mainly to Apple gear for consistency and interoperability. For nearly two weeks in the Sunshine State, I had with me an iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods, but – drum roll – no Mac. Limiting myself to the minimalist iOS and watchOS meant fewer things to monkey with. That kept me better focused on what really mattered: long naps and walks with my wife, swimming in the sea, catching up with a few favorite TV shows, leisurely meals with friends and relatives, and so on. Pre-vacation prep was critical to avoid tech detours and distractions while on my journey. So I put in time beforehand setting up apps and services, and modifying my tech routine so my holiday would go more smoothly. Consider this a travel-tech guide of sorts for Apple fans, though your details will likely vary. Toward the end, I’ll mention a few non-Apple devices and accessories. iPad -- I insisted on taking along some kind of a computer, and an iPhone doesn’t count. Other vacationers might happily do without for two weeks, but for both personal and professional reasons I can’t — and I’ll bet some of you feel the same. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro was my obvious choice. It’s lightweight and compact, slipping into a mini-messenger bag that’s too small for any portable Mac. I paired the tablet with Apple’s Smart Keyboard – a prescient move, as it turned out – and used a matching Silicone Case for protection. I planned to use the iPad primarily for reading and video watching. I also wanted to stay on top of the news, since not knowing what’s going on stresses me out. Here’s how I set things up to facilitate these uses. I started with cellular data. I don’t normally enable it on an iPad, but I deemed it essential for this trip. There’s nothing worse than an endless search for reliable Wi-Fi, an issue I’ve often faced while traveling. So I temporarily put AT&T cell service on the device. I worried about chewing through my data too quickly, though, so I took the precaution of downloading video for offline use. You can do this with iTunes purchases and rentals, of course. What I didn’t know until I did my research is that offline downloading is also possible with streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, and my Comcast cable-TV provider’s Xfinity service (for details about Netflix, see “Netflix Introduces Offline Viewing for iOS,” 30 November 2016). Not all streamable titles on these services are downloadable, but I found plenty to keep me entertained. Ebooks are faster to download, but I still made sure all the titles I wanted to read were stored on my iPad before leaving. Again, books purchased from the iBooks Store (or rivals like Amazon and Google) are the obvious options here, but I’m a cheapskate and went another way. My public library offers ebook checkouts for free via OverDrive and Cloud Library. It’s a good bet your public library offers at least one of these services or another called Hoopla. (The image below is of my library’s OverDrive home screen, also see “OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library,” 18 February 2011.) I’m also a magazine junkie, and in the past I’d carry stacks of them onto planes. Now I use my iPad as a magazine reader. For my trip, I tried a couple of magazine sources. One is Texture, a service with dozens of titles for as little as $9.99 a month. I signed up for a trial and like it, but I’m not sure I’ll keep it. That’s in large part because the St. Paul Public Library offers magazines via Zinio for Libraries. It’s missing some of my favorite titles but the price is right: free. See if your public library has this. (There’s also a non-library Zinio consumer service that is very much like Texture.) For news, I was already set up with my favorite apps and Web sites, like Feedly, Flipboard, Memeorandum, Techmeme, and Mediagazer. As an experiment, I tried relying on Apple’s News app, which I hadn’t used in ages, as my primary news app for the trip. It still has issues but has come a long way, and I found it useful and enjoyable for news scans. Out of the blue, my iPad was pressed into service to get some hardcore work done midway through our vacation. And for once, it wasn’t me, it was my wife. She unexpectedly had to help my parents with my recently deceased brother’s complicated estate, a job that required her to pore over and modify documents. My wife has never been sold on the iPad for productivity – she’d much rather use her MacBook Air – but she had no trouble adapting to the iPad Pro and Smart keyboard, spending hours on it with nary a complaint. The biggest test for both of us was that my mother’s MacBook Pro with Retina display was nearby and often idle, so you’d think we would have been tempted to use it instead. I did once, briefly, but for the most part we were fine sticking to the iPad. iPhone -- To a great extent, my iPhone 7 Plus was a smaller version of my iPad, with virtually all of the same apps and services. Some things didn’t work well. Reading magazines via Texture is too much of a chore on the smaller screen, for instance. But I enjoyed reading books on the iPhone, and occasionally used it to watch videos. I also used the iPhone as my only camera for the trip. It’s no DSLR, but it takes nice photos, and I am addicted to the Camera app’s Portrait mode that blurs the background of photos impressively, if not always flawlessly (see “Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode,” 24 September 2016). I was paranoid about losing photos in a catastrophic mishap (for good reason, as you will soon discover!), so I used Apple’s Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter to transfer pictures from the iPhone to my iPad regularly. Had there been reliable Wi-Fi access, I would have done automatic uploads to Google Photos like I do at home, but on the trip, I was worried about chewing through my cellular data. (Of course, you could also use Apple’s solutions: My Photo Stream and iCloud Photo Library.) For extra protection, I swapped out my standard Apple leather case for a beefier, more rugged Tech Armor Shock Flex Case model. Nice idea, but the Tech Armor case doesn’t claim to protect against what I was about to do to my iPhone. One day, I dove into the pool, swam around, toweled off, sank into a reclining chair, and groped around in my bag for my iPhone. It was nowhere to be found, but I was sure the handset wasn’t back at the condo. Then, with a sick feeling, I realized it was in one of my swim trunks’ pockets. I was certain it was a goner. But it kept going, and it’s still working perfectly as I type this, weeks later. Apple doesn’t certify the iPhone 7 as waterproof, just water resistant – so this isn’t your cue to take yours for a swim – but looks like it’s pretty doggone resistant. Could I have managed with just the iPhone 7 Plus as my main travel computer, maybe with an external keyboard? It’s not out of the question (see “Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus,” 25 October 2014), and I may work up the nerve to try it someday. Apple Watch -- Of all the gear I brought, the Apple Watch Series 2 was the most interesting to me because I tried extra-hard to make it relevant and useful. I’ve never been the biggest of Apple Watch fans, so I wanted to see whether the trip would inspire a greater appreciation for Apple’s wearable. (Spoiler: it did.) Here’s how my use of the Apple Watch (one of those Nike-branded models) went down. I took many walks with my wife, as noted, and for the first time became obsessed with filling those three concentric rings for exercise (red), movement (yellow), and standing time (blue). We are of Latino persuasion, so I called them los circulitos, Spanish for “the little circles.” I’ve remained interested in keeping up with the rings since the trip, which I didn’t expect. In fact, since my trip, I have for the first time fully incorporated the Apple Watch into my fitness (mostly bicycling) routine, tracking my post-vacation exercise with the watch’s stock Activity and Workout apps along with the third-party Strava service much beloved among bicyclists and runners. When possible, I wanted to have entertainment options at my fingertips without searching for my iPhone. That’s the key reason for the Apple Watch, right? Figuring out the options took a little research, but I found a few doozies. Most notable among these is Marco Arment’s Overcast podcast app. Overcast won me over because it provides its own Apple Watch control screen instead of making its users rely on Apple’s inferior Now Playing interface. So I switched over from Pocket Casts, which lacks Apple Watch support. Overcast also has a Smart Speed feature to compress long silences and reduce listening time, plus a Voice Boost feature that makes spoken podcasts louder and clearer. I love both. Arment has since added another nice feature, an option to load podcasts right on the Apple Watch so its companion iPhone can be left behind. That would have come in handy on my vacation and possibly even averted my iPhone’s dunking. I use the Pandora service occasionally, so I installed its Apple Watch app to keep all my customized stations handy. I also wanted to catch up on the news of the day simply by glancing at the Apple Watch. A headline complication for the device’s Modular face makes this possible, but I was shocked at how few options exist. CNN is one, but the Washington Post is better. The Post’s Apple Watch app is a tiny adjunct to the newspaper’s iPhone and iPad apps, which rely on square photos or illustrations with overlaid text that tell a quick story. Tapping a graphic loads the corresponding article. On the Apple Watch, the square graphics are smaller, but still quite readable. Tapping the headline in the Modular face’s complication leads to one of the graphics. Tapping the graphic loads a mini-story that is enough to get you up to speed until you can pull out your iPhone or iPad for the full text. If you want to stay on the Apple Watch, you can scroll through a bunch of these textual mini articles or take the graphical approach by scrolling through a series of infographics as if they were a slide show. It’s really quite ingenious. Imagine me half-submerged in a swimming pool, basking in the tropical sun, while languidly flipping through the app’s picture stories to get a basic understanding of what was going on (with a mental note to follow up on the iPad later for a more complete picture). Alas, the Washington Post app sometimes failed to update, meaning the news headline shown in the complication was hours or days old, which caused me no end of frustration. I’d have to fiddle endlessly with the watch to get the app working again, exactly the sort of thing I had wanted to avoid on vacation. I had one other news app on the Apple Watch: National Public Radio’s NPR One app, which is the height of simplicity. Push an on-screen button to start audio playback, then flip through stories until you find something you like. It’s the perfect audio app for vacationing news junkies. The Apple Watch Series 2 is waterproof, so I kept it on my wrist even when I dove into the pool or plunged into the ocean. Grains of sand sometimes got stuck in its nooks and crannies, annoyingly, but I was otherwise delighted with my aquatic sidekick. I had two Apple Watch bands on my trip, a Nike-branded Sports Band and an Apple Woven Nylon band, but the sporty Nike band worked in every situation. AirPods -- I packed a pair of AirPods, thinking my wife and I could use them to watch videos together, each with one of the buds. It was a good idea, but we never got around to it. I adore the AirPods and use them nonstop at home, but I regret taking them on the trip because I was petrified about losing one or both — I lose stuff with astonishing ease. That didn’t happen, but in a cruel irony, I misplaced one of the AirPods after my trip. I’m pretty sure it’s in the house somewhere, but several weeks later, it has yet to reveal itself. I haven’t been able to find it with the new Find My AirPods feature because, in an epic bit of bad timing, I had unpaired the AirPods from my iPhone just prior to the loss. For the trip, I stuck with my trusty old LG HBS900 earphones, the kind that rest around the neck in a collar-like, open-in-the-front arrangement, with earbud cords sprouting from either side. They’re harder to lose than AirPods, and the rubber bud tips offer a better ear canal seal for use on a noisy plane. I’d take just these on my next trip. Gear from Outside Cupertino -- I used the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch as my primary technology arsenal, but I couldn’t resist a few extras from other companies. The iPad and iPhone are my main devices for reading ebooks, but they are nearly worthless in bright sunlight. That’s inconvenient on a tropical vacation. I fixed this problem by packing a Kindle Oasis, Amazon’s most compact ebook reader, which has a cover that doubles as a battery for more longevity. I used the Kindle a lot. I was paranoid about running out of juice, so I overdid it with the charging gear. The list here is long: Not one, not two, but three Apple 12W USB power adapters. It’s an illness, I know. The Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Portable Charger power pack with two USB ports for charging the iPhone and iPad on the go. It’s similar to Anker’s PowerCore+ 20100 USB-C Premium Ultra-High-Capacity Portable Charger, which I reviewed recently (See “MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience,” 10 March 2016). Nomad’s Car Charger with Battery, a gadget that plugs into a car accessory port for iPhone or Kindle charging and doubles as an external battery away from the car. Nomad’s NomadPlus for iPhone accessory that adds a small battery to Apple’s regular iPhone charging plug for phone charging on the go. The Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone, a smaller power pack with one USB port for on-the-go iPhone or Kindle charging, plus a built-in Apple Watch charging disc. One each of Nomad’s three Ultra Rugged Cable Series charging cables: the Lighting Cable, Battery Cable, and Universal Cable. I needed the Universal Cable, with its three interchangeable charging prongs – Lightning, USB-C, and micro-USB – to charge the Anker, Belkin, and Nomad products. (Note that I reviewed the Nomad cables along with the Belkin and Nomad chargers not long ago see “Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices,” 17 March 2017). Unsurprisingly, I went way overboard. I could have easily made do with the Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack, two Apple USB power adapters, and the Nomad Lightning and Universal Cables. For those keeping score, the Belkin Valet charged from the Nomad Universal Cable, which was plugged into a 12-watt Apple USB brick. The Valet charged the Apple Watch at night and I could bring it on outings in case some other device died. Another Apple USB plug and the Nomad Lightning cable charged the iPad by day and the iPhone by night. How’d I Do? -- Looking back on the trip, it’s clear that I was on the right track with leaving the Mac home and bringing the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. The Mac would also have caused me to want another charger and more cables and adapters — it was a relief not to have to think about all that. If you’ve been struggling to leave your Mac at home on a family trip, give it a try — I think you’ll find that it works out fine. However, my paranoia about power led me to overcompensate when it came to charging gear. One charger and cable for each device would have been more than enough, with some sort of external battery pack just in case. Hopefully I’ll get it right next time. And I promised my wife I won’t bring so many shoes, either.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Lightening the Vacation Tech Load To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon   2017-05-15 17:47 To really switch off and relax the first thing I'd leave at home is the Apple Watch. All this obsessing over constant notifications and keeping track of your steps is the pure opposite of relaxing to me. The iPhone probably would have to come along because of the phone part. But for real relaxation I'd silence it and put it in Do Not Disturb mode too. No text or tweet is that important. Finally, I'd definitely bring my Mac. It's a 2013 13" MBP, with an i7 and RAM/SSD fully max'ed out. It's small, light, and has 9 hours battery life. It can do everything without compromise (here's looking at you iPad "pro"), but it can also just sit in a corner giving me the reassurance that I could do anything if something really urgent pops up. I need one charger for my Mac. The iPhone can charge through the Mac so one iPhone cable should be fine. The iPhone charger is small and light so bringing it along for the extra flexibility should be ok. What definitely would stay at home is Apple Watch and iPad. Nothing they do the iPhone/Mac cannot get done better. Plus, less notifications/messages/recharging directly equates to more relaxing and enhances mindfulness which is what vacation IMHO should be all about. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:08 An interesting counterpoint to my story. Thanks for sharing! Reply Bob Galbreath  2017-05-15 22:20 You have several very good points but the idea that you consider your 13" MBP "small and light" leaves me and my 11" MBA speechless. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 23:57 Yeah, you definitely have a valid point. I used to have a 15" MBP so to me the 13" always felt (and still feels) very svelte. Of course the Air is another league when it comes to compact. I guess I always wanted a lot of performance and RAM/disk so to me the 13" MBP felt like an excellent compromise. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 15:02 On my last vacation, I snoozed Slack so I didn't get all the TidBITS and SlackBITS notifications on the Apple Watch, but I left other notifications on because our family was using messaging quite a bit. However, I did switch away from my normal Modular face to the jellyfish. Much more relaxing when checking the time. I almost always have work to do, or possible server emergencies to respond to, so it's very unusual for me not to travel with the MacBook Air. Reply Dan  2017-05-15 17:07 I used to bring a lot of tech on vacation with me, but for the last several years, I've gone the opposite direction, and now I bring next to nothing with me. My wife and I usually take cruises, so the Internet is slow, pricey, and spotty—conveniently inconvenient. Cell service is nonexistent when we aren't in port; when we're at sea, we have zero distractions. I can go several days without any internet access, at all. The iPad stays at home, and the iPhone is usually in the cabin safe. The only tech on me is a simple wristwatch. I work in the tech sector, and being able to completely unplug is a rare luxury. At sea, work can't reach me, because I'm out of the country with no internet connection. Family could reach me via the ship, in case of emergency. I realize that not everyone can vacation this way, but for me, it's bliss. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I once vacationed on Cooper Island in the British Virgin Islands. Small isle, just one resort and wilderness. No Internet (or so I thought). I realized on that trip that I *must* have Internet while on vacation or I'll be miserable. After my trip was over, I found out that if I had gone over to a particular spot on the resort grounds, I would have gained access to a super seekrit Wi-Fi network. Dang it! Reply Tommy Friedmann  2017-05-15 19:55 Very interesting. One item you didn't mention was email. You can get it on the iPad or iPhone but you also get all the spam and I have yet to find a way to sync and file messages to my Mac. What is the way to do it? Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I'm Google all the way, so Gmail and Inbox are pretty much the same on all devices. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:21 Tommy, I use Apple Mail on my iMac at home but have found that the Mail filtering works very poorly. I finally gave up on that, erased all the filters in Mail and instead, I went with my browser to my email provider and set up filters there. Those seem to work with my iPhone and in Mail. Admittedly, it is more tedious to set up a filter using Safari as my browser but I believe that the filtering is done no matter which device I use to read my mail. The spam is filtered because I set up filters for a pretty long list of items which appear frequently in spam. Usually, I look in Mail at what is in my spam folder and trash folder and then manually pick out the words which appear so frequently. To each his own but I have separate blocks for words like: shocking, cialis, viagra and many, many more. It was a pain in the tail to set up a block for each word but now is doing the job pretty well for me. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:03 Julio. Do you ever catch your wife rolling her eyes at the amount of stuff your travel with? A wise friend once told me to take half as much clothes and twice as much money as I think I am going to need. The same would go for your electronics. I love photography and frequently take a Canon camera with zoom from 24 to 840 equivalent but no additional lenses and when I broke that, I got by with my iPhone 6S. I defer the long email replies until I return home to my iMac. If someone is paying you to work on your vacation, I guess a laptop would be nice but that isn't a vacation is it? IMHO, the iPhone and a charger are all you need but obviously, you aren't I and vice versa. Thanks for the article anyway even if I do think you are going overboard. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:12 Yep, I might try your approach ... adding only a Bluetooth keyboard to occasionally use the phone as a mini-laptop. Reply Mac Bakewell  2017-05-15 22:38 I recently spent 8 weeks visiting in-laws in rural Thailand. I've been there scores of times and always used to lug my laptop along, but on my last 2 trips I took only my 64GB iPhone SE and a 2TB clone of my desktop on a pocket sized SSD. Never used the clone, yet managed to keep up with work, banking and bills, and volumes of daily correspondence managing family health crises on both sides of the Pacific. Never missed the laptop. Apps that helped make this possible include Gmail, Google Calendar, Dropbox, Notebooks, SmugMug, PDF Expert and PDFConverter. A familiarity with Markdown was also helpful, although not often esssntial. Another useful trick was the WiFi on my Canon, which made it possible to upload photos from the Canon to SmugMug via the iPhone. I should add that we now (finally!) have WiFi at home in Thailand, and that I always swap out my Verizon SIM in favor of a Thai phone and data provider. I like technology too, but stepping back from it and "being there," especially while away from one's usual routine, is good for the soul. Highly recommended. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH 16 terabytes of RAM should be enough for anyone. Wait. What? Nutanix, IBM hug each other in Power pity party WTH? Veeam retires one CEO, two pop up in his place Google Cloud boss to speak at ... hang on, Nutanix conference? Behold, auto-completing Android bug reports – because you're not very thorough Linus Torvalds stops personally signing Linux kernel RC tarballs For now, GNU GPL is an enforceable contract, says US federal judge 'Judge Java' to sueball-slinging smut studio: Test your pirate-hunting tools or walk the plank DocuSign forged – crooks crack email system and send nasties Romney tax return 'hacker' Dr Evil gets his sentence reviewed Good news, OpenVPN fans: Your software's only a little bit buggy While Microsoft griped about NSA exploit stockpiles, it stockpiled patches: Friday's WinXP fix was built in February Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Intel gives Xeon a makeover to bring us colour-coded clouds Are you ready to transform? Wave of DevOps, Containers, CD expertise heads for London CyberArk splashes $42m on DevOps security whizz Conjur Servers as pets or cattle was 2012. Now it's McMansions or Hotels Don't waste your energy on Docker, it says here – wait, that can't be right... Policy The Channel German court set to rule on legality of IP address harvesting Australia considers joining laptops-on-planes ban Intel, Samsung join Apple, FTC firing squad against rival Qualcomm Lib Dems pledge to end 'Orwellian' snooping powers in manifesto DeX Station: Samsung's Windows-killer is ready for prime time Samsung was just Tizen – homegrown Linux again pitched at n00bs Sweaty fitness bands fall behind as Apple Watch outpaces sales Microsoft's Windows 10 ARM-twist comes closer with first demonstration Geek's Guide Vigorous tiny vibrations help our universe swell, say particle boffins NASA nixes Trump's moonshot plan Japanese researchers spin up toilet paper gyroscopes for science Warm, wet, mysterious... sound familiar? Ah, yes, you've heard of this second Neptune, too Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Google DeepMind's 1.6m UK medical record slurp 'legally inappropriate' Uber red-faced from Waymo legal row judge's repeated slapping Volvo is letting Android 'take over underlying car software' – report Never mind custody decisions, let's AI up our police cars Verity Stob Ireland to make revenge porn, cyberstalking criminal acts Blighty bloke: PC World lost my Mac Mini – and trolled my blog! Giant spawn hammer on Antarctica map. Thanks, Google Waze Have a go with this WW2 German Lorenz cipher machine – in your browser 6 Security It's 2017 – and your Mac, iPad, iPhone can all be pwned by an e-book Seven Apple updates, because it's not like you had anything else to patch today 16 May 2017 at 00:02, Shaun Nichols Apple has released security updates for both of its main operating systems, along with iTunes, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. All should be installed as soon as possible before they are exploited by miscreants. The updates, numbering seven in total, include fixes for security vulnerabilities in the Safari browser and WebKit engine. For iPhone and iPad, Apple has kicked out iOS 10.3.2. The update addresses a total of 41 CVE-listed vulnerabilities in the mobile OS, with 23 of those being flaws in WebKit, including 17 that allow for remote code execution through malicious webpages and five that enable cross-site scripting attacks. Other holes addressed in iOS 10.3.2 include CVE-2017-2498, which Apple termed "a certificate validation issue existed in the handling of untrusted certificates" and a pair of flaws in iBooks (CVE-2017-2497, CVE-2017-6981) that allow ebooks to open arbitrary websites and execute code with root privilege. Mac owners will want to install macOS Sierra 10.12.5 (or Security Update 2017-002 for El Capitan and Yosemite). The update addresses 37 vulnerabilities, including the two iBook flaws and a Wi-Fi networking hole (CVE-2017-6988) that allows the theft of network credentials. Also addressed were elevation of privilege flaws in both the Intel (CVE-2017-2503) and Nvidia (CVE-2017-6985) graphics drivers, as well as four different arbitrary code execution holes (CVE-2017-2513,CVE-2017-2518,CVE-2017-2520, CVE-2017-2519) in SQLite. A separate update for Safari looks to patch up three holes in the browser itself and 23 vulnerabilities in WebKit, many of which are also addressed in the iOS updates. Those using the Apple Watch should install watchOS 3.2.2, patching a total of 12 CVE-listed vulnerabilities, four of which could be targeted for remote code execution. Apple TV, meanwhile, has been sent tvOS 10.2.1 to patch 23 flaws, including 12 holes in the WebKit engine that allow cross-site scripting and remote code execution attacks. Finally, for Windows users there is iTunes 12.6.1, an update that patches a single (CVE-2017-6984) remote code execution flaw, and iCloud 6.2.1, which handles the CVE-2017-2530 remote code execution flaw in WebKit. ® Tips and corrections 6 Comments MORE Apple iPhone Safari Patch Management Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Sophos waters down 'NHS is totally protected' by us boast Updated Watered down homeopathy for computers is more powerful, m'kay? 59 Comments Sophos update borks systems at London NHS trust Updated Rubber gloves on as techies probe root cause 13 Comments Sophos to assimilate Invincea's intelligent machine tech to fight malware Machine learning IP snapped up in $100m deal 3 Comments Apple blocks comms-snooping malware Leaked developer certificate revoked, protection updated 12 Comments Sophos buys Irish Barricade Security FUD and malware outbreaks boost Sophos' coffers Targeting the 'underserved mid-market' pays off nicely 2 Comments Whitepapers Secure Mobile Development Best Practices Covering the vulnerabilities hackers might use to launch an attack, and remediation tips that you can use to build security into your app. Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. High Availability Next Generation Firewall Learn how these securit ysolutions maintain&nbsp;network defenses while building in scalability to adapt&nbsp;as the business evolves—and making downtime a memory. Moving Beyond User Names and Passwords Move beyond user names and passwords, and see how a multi-factor authentication solution for on premises and cloud apps provides both security and simplest administration possible. Most read Microsoft to spooks: WannaCrypt was inevitable, quit hoarding Ransomware scum have already unleashed kill-switch-free WannaCry‬pt‪ variant DeX Station: Samsung's Windows-killer is ready for prime time Linus Torvalds stops personally signing Linux kernel RC tarballs Sophos waters down 'NHS is totally protected' by us boast Spotlight 3D printing and drones are the tech del día at Spanish startup fiesta Speaking in Tech: Hacking Microsoft Windows? That's cute Machine vs. machine battle has begun to de-fraud the internet of lies Security co-operation unlikely to change post Brexit, despite threats More fun in the sandbox: Experts praise security improvements to Edge UK vuln 'fessing pilot's great but who's going to give a FoI? MAC randomization: A massive failure that leaves iPhones, Android mobes open to tracking Next Generation Security: No, Dorothy, there is no magic wand Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 Update By Tyler Lee on 05/15/2017 16:37 PDT If you’re using an iOS device and you’ve encountered some bugs that you’re hoping Apple would have fixed, you could be in luck. This is because Apple has recently released its latest update to the platform in the form of iOS 10.3.2. This is the latest update to iOS and it will bring about a host of bug fixes and what not. Take note that since this is only an incremental update that you shouldn’t expect any major new features, so this update is clearly focused more towards bug fixes and overall improvements to iOS. There will also be some security enhancements so if you’d like to help your phone up to date with the latest security features then you should definitely check it out. We’re not sure if there are still plans for any major features for iOS 10, but iOS 11 is expected to be officially announced at WWDC 2017 which takes place in June. iOS 11 will be the latest iOS iteration and will most likely be released towards the later part of the year alongside Apple’s new iPhones. At the moment it’s really anyone’s guess as to what iOS 11 will bring to the table, but we have been hearing rumors that Apple could be making some major changes to Apple Music, so that could be worth looking forward to. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iOS and iOS 10. Related Articles 2017-05-15 Google Assistant For iOS Launch Expected Soon 2017-05-14 Apple Acquires AI Company Lattice Data 2017-05-10 ‘The Sims’ Announced For iOS And Android Devices 2017-05-10 WhatsApp Is Now Encrypting iPhone Chat Backups 2017-04-24 New Control Center Bug Can Cause iOS To Crash 2017-04-12 Report Claims iOS 10.3.2 Will Render The iPhone 5 Obsolete 2017-04-04 iOS 10.3 Update Accidentally Re-Enabled Some iCloud Services 2017-04-03 iOS 10.3.1 Released With Fix For WiFi Security Flaw Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library Lightening the Vacation Tech Load TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 15 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (6) Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 by Josh Centers Focusing on bug and security fixes, Apple today updated all of its operating systems: macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1. As always, it pays to wait at least a few days to install these updates. We haven’t heard of any problems out of the gate, but Apple was so parsimonious with release notes that it’s hard to muster much enthusiasm for updating right away. It’s best to err on the side of caution this time. macOS 10.12.5 -- macOS 10.12.5 Sierra is available via Software Update, where it’s a roughly 894 MB download. Alternatively, you can instead download a delta updater (for 10.12.4, 2.15 GB) or combo updater (from any version of 10.12, 2.15 GB). Release notes are sparse, but practically long-winded compared to the notes for the other OS updates. Identified improvements include a fix for an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones, a mysterious claim of enhanced Mac App Store compatibility with future updates, and added support for media-free installations of the Windows 10 Creators Update in Boot Camp. macOS 10.12.5 includes 30 security fixes. iOS 10.3.2 -- The roughly 200 MB iOS 10.3.2 update can be installed in Settings > General > Software Update or via iTunes. However, the release notes say only, “iOS 10.3.2 includes bug fixes and improves the security of your iPhone or iPad.” Remember when we reported on the bugs that caused Mail to ignore named anchors like the article list at the top of TidBITS issues (see “Mail in El Capitan and iOS 9 Ignores Named Anchors,” 5 January 2016)? Apple did fix the problem in Mail in Sierra at some point, but the company didn’t address it in iOS 10, and it remains unfixed in iOS 10.3.2. If only we could make the case that it was a security vulnerability. iOS 10.3.2 integrates 23 security fixes. watchOS 3.2.2 -- Don’t expect more detail from the watch OS 3.2.2 release notes, which offer only the even terser, “This update includes improvements and bug fixes.” You install the 41.7 MB update via the Watch app on your iPhone (in Watch > Settings > General > Software Update). Remember that the Apple Watch must be on its charger, charged to at least 50 percent, and within range of your iPhone, which itself must be on Wi-Fi. Don’t start installing if you’ll want to use the watch again within an hour or so — watchOS updates take surprisingly long to load. watchOS 3.2.2 features 10 security fixes. tvOS 10.2.1 -- With the tvOS 10.2.1 update, Apple is willing to cop only to “This update includes general performance and stability improvements.” You can get the tvOS 10.2 update on your fourth-generation Apple TV via Settings > System > Software Updates > Update Software. tvOS 10.2.1 offers 14 security fixes.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Bernard Salanie, James Forslund, Doris Widger, and Gerard van Herk for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple has updated all of its operating systems with bug fixes and various improvements. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Jim Clarke   2017-05-15 17:09 I just updated my iPad (Air 2) in the hope that the ignores-IMAP-path-prefix bug in Mail would be fixed. It was, and the iPad otherwise seems in working order too. Phew. Reply Dennis B. Swaney  2017-05-15 19:08 Hmmm, if the fixes aren't important enough for Apple to list, then they aren't important enough for me to waste time installing them and the possibility they will brick my iDevices. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 19:46 I'd have to agree with that. Apple not telling people what they update (a simple list would be fine) but expecting users to just follow blindly is simply rude. No wonder power users are so cautious to update. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 20:22 From the bug fix standpoint, that's certainly true, and we don't recommend installing it now. But you really do want to install it at some point, since there are a bunch of security fixes, which Apple does describe. Reply Phil Seymour  2017-05-15 21:43 I read the 30 security fixes for OSX or whatever they want to call Sierra these days. It seems that the same sloppy coding that doesn't enable all the functions in software programs since the last update is responsible for a bunch of holes in the security of most everything. It's a good thing I did a complete backup last night so I can reinstall some previous version in case this update is just like the last one. Reply B. Jefferson Le Blanc  2017-05-15 23:39 Right. Backing up is good to do, or something like that. It should go without saying that heads-up TidBITS readers always back up before applying an update/upgrade, unfortunately that's not the case. Forewarned is forearmed, however. If you don't back up your system before one of these updates, any trouble you encounter is your own darn fault. Your negligence is not Apple's responsibility. Of course we'd like to know if you do run into trouble so we can know what to look out for. It's also good to know what's fixed. For instance, has Apple resolved any more of the issues with PDFKit? I would hope to hear about this from some TidBITS contributors who have reported on the problems with recent versions of the macOS and PDF documents. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nucleic Acid Isolation and Purification Market : Quantitative Market Analysis, Current and Future Trends, 2017 – 2025 Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts Nanophotonics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 By P&S Market Research Multiscreen TV and Video Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Motion Controller Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Researchers Use Molecular Dynamics and Machine Learning to Create Hyper-predictive Computer Models for Drug Discovery Mobile Communication Antenna Market Size, Share, Development, Growth Till 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext Apple previews watchOS 3 Search Recent Posts Nanophotonics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 By P&S Market Research Multiscreen TV and Video Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Motion Controller Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Researchers Use Molecular Dynamics and Machine Learning to Create Hyper-predictive Computer Models for Drug Discovery Mobile Communication Antenna Market Size, Share, Development, Growth Till 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple previews watchOS 3 San Francisco — Today, Apple previewed watchOS 3, featuring significantly improved performance with the ability to launch favorite apps instantly, enhanced navigation like the new Dock and all-new fitness and health capabilities for Apple Watch. Available this fall, this software update introduces the breakthrough Breathe app, designed to encourage users to take a moment in their day to do deep breathing exercises for relaxation and stress reduction. The Activity app now includes the ability to share, compare and compete as well as enabling wheelchair users to close their Activity rings. “Apple Watch is the ultimate companion for a healthy life and with watchOS 3, there’s now even more to love,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “Favorite apps launch instantly and are simple to access, and the breakthrough new fitness and health features like the Breathe app make it feel like a whole new watch.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Next PostNext Apple previews major update with macOS Sierra Search Recent Posts Nanophotonics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 By P&S Market Research Multiscreen TV and Video Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Motion Controller Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Researchers Use Molecular Dynamics and Machine Learning to Create Hyper-predictive Computer Models for Drug Discovery Mobile Communication Antenna Market Size, Share, Development, Growth Till 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone The Health app on iPhone provides a complete view of your health and fitness data all in one place. The app includes Medical ID, which makes critical health information available in case of emergency to first responders and is accessible from the iPhone lock screen. Medical ID can display categories like medical conditions, allergies, medications, blood type and emergency contacts. And with iOS 10, Medical ID offers the ability to register as an organ, eye and tissue donor with Donate Life America. Availability The developer preview of iOS 10 is currently available to iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com, and a public beta program will be available to iOS users this month at beta.apple.com. iOS 10 will be available this fall as a free software update. For more information, visit apple.com/ios/ios10-preview. Donate Life America is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit alliance of national organizations and state teams across the United States committed to increasing organ, eye and tissue donation. Donate Life America manages and promotes the national brand for donation, Donate Life, and assists Donate Life State Teams and national partners in facilitating high-performing donor registries including the management of the National Donate Life Registry; developing and executing effective multi-media donor education programs; and motivating the American public to register now as organ, eye and tissue donors. For more information, visit DonateLife.net. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hello from WWDC16 Next PostNext Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Nanophotonics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 By P&S Market Research Multiscreen TV and Video Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Motion Controller Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Researchers Use Molecular Dynamics and Machine Learning to Create Hyper-predictive Computer Models for Drug Discovery Mobile Communication Antenna Market Size, Share, Development, Growth Till 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 576314. WHEN: Tuesday, July 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, July 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, August 9 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in number for the rebroadcast is (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 4944387. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on July 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone Next PostNext Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Search Recent Posts Nanophotonics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 By P&S Market Research Multiscreen TV and Video Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Motion Controller Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Researchers Use Molecular Dynamics and Machine Learning to Create Hyper-predictive Computer Models for Drug Discovery Mobile Communication Antenna Market Size, Share, Development, Growth Till 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple announces environmental progress in China Lens Technology has committed to power all of its glass production for Apple with 100 percent renewable energy by the end of 2018, as part of Apple’s industry-leading supply chain clean energy program announced last year. Lens is the first supplier to make a clean energy commitment for all of its Apple production, and will meet its goal through an unprecedented power purchase agreement with local wind projects. Apple is working with suppliers to help transform the environmental landscape in China, and is proud to announce all 14 of its final assembly sites in China are now compliant with UL’s Zero Waste to Landfill validation. The UL standard certifies all of their manufacturing waste is reused, recycled, composted, or, when necessary, converted into energy. Since the program began in January 2015, the sites have diverted more than 140,000 metric tons of waste from landfills. “We want to show the world that you can manufacture responsibly and we’re working alongside our suppliers to help them lower their environmental impact in China,” said Lisa Jackson, Apple’s vice president of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives. “We congratulate Lens for their bold step, and hope by sharing the lessons we’ve learned in our transition to renewable energy, our suppliers will continue to access clean power projects, moving China closer to its green manufacturing goals.” “Our power purchase agreement is the first of its kind in southern China and we hope it will serve as an example for other companies looking to transition to cleaner, more economical sources of power,” said Lens CEO Zhou Qunfei. “We’re pleased to be the first supplier to commit to covering all of our Apple production with renewable energy, and proud to source from local Hunan wind farms to power our facilities in Changsha.” Lens’ manufacturing with Apple currently includes two facilities in Changsha, Hunan province. Wind energy will cover 100 percent of the energy consumed producing Apple products at Lens facilities by 2018, avoiding nearly 450,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide each year, equivalent to the energy use in 380,000 Chinese homes. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Next PostNext Apple Music Festival to light up London this September Search Recent Posts Nanophotonics Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 By P&S Market Research Multiscreen TV and Video Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Global Motion Controller Market Size, Share, Development, Growth and Demand Forecast to 2020 Researchers Use Molecular Dynamics and Machine Learning to Create Hyper-predictive Computer Models for Drug Discovery Mobile Communication Antenna Market Size, Share, Development, Growth Till 2020 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Chance Miller - May. 15th 2017 4:23 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Feature Siri Speaker View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It’s long been rumored that Apple is working on a competitor to Amazon’s Echo platform and Google Home in the form of a so-called Siri Speaker. While WWDC has been a software-only event in recent years, it appears that might change with this year’s keynote and Siri Speaker. With Siri Speaker rumored to be unveiled next month, it’s time to take a step back and look at everything we’ve heard about the device at this point… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple’s efforts to build a standalone Siri hardware device were first reported back in May 2016. The device at the time was said to be marketed as a high-end alternative to the Google Home and Amazon Echo. Like with most rumors, expectations and details regarding the Siri Speaker have changed as has progressed. For instance, it was at one point reported that the Apple TV would be the center point of Siri Speaker, but more recent reports have pegged the device as a truly standalone hardware product. Report: Apple planning Siri SDK for WWDC as it builds Amazon Echo/Google Home hardware competitor Report: Apple TV could be home for rumored Amazon Echo-like Siri speaker All in all, up until recently not much was known about Siri Speaker. It was essentially just a long-standing rumor without any details backing it up, but that changed early this year as more information started to emerge. A Bloomberg report last September arguably kick-started the focus on Siri Speaker. The report claimed that Apple was in the process of testing the device in employee homes after following a two-year research and development period. Bloomberg also shot down those rumors of the Siri Speaker being baked into the Apple TV. Apple’s rumored Siri-powered Amazon Echo competitor now in prototype testing – Bloomberg Report: Apple’s rumored Amazon Echo-like Siri speaker may feature facial recognition cameras Jump forward to 2017, Twitter leaker Sonny Dickson last month took to the social media platform to reveal a handful of details about Siri Speaker. Dickson stated that the Siri Speaker will offer some form of Beats technology underneath the hood, while also noting that it will run a variant of iOS. In terms of design, he pointed to a meld between the Mac Pro and UE Boom as a good example of Apple’s design. While Dickson’s report was met with skepticism at the start, it was quickly corroborated by reliable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. Kuo noted in an investor report that Siri Speaker will be positioned as a “high-end Amazon Echo competitor,” with one of its biggest selling points being “excellent” sound quality. The analyst explained that Siri Speaker will feature seven tweeters and a subwoofer, though it’s still unclear if there will be any user-facing Beats branding. Rumor: ‘Siri Speaker’ Amazon Echo competitor could see WWDC debut with Mac Pro style KGI: Apple likely to announce ‘home AI’ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor One big question many have about Siri Speaker, however, is whether or not the device will feature a display. While some reports have said it’s uncertain whether or not they’ll be any sort of user interface, others have been more clear. Just this weekend, KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo released another industry note in which he reiterated much of what he had already said, but also noted that Siri Speaker will include a “touch panel.” At this point, it’s not explicitly clear what the “touch panel” will offer. It could be similar to the Echo Show, which offers a full touchscreen, or it could be something smaller, perhaps similar to that of the MacBook Pro Touch Bar. Apple exec Phil Schiller himself came out against the idea of voice-only virtual assistants, so it really come as too big of a surprise that Apple’s offering will incorporate some sort of display. Referring to the Amazon Echo and Google home, Schiller said: Well, I won’t talk to either one specifically, [I] don’t want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don’t have something nice to say, say nothing at all. Obviously one hugely important aspect of the Siri Speaker is going to be Siri itself. Arguably, the success of the hardware product depends almost entirely on the improvements Apple brings for Siri. It’s no secret that Apple’s virtual assistant has started to lag behind Amazon’s Alexa and others, but KGI claims that Siri Speaker will be announced alongside “software development details for home AI.” As for an announcement, both Dickson and KGI have claimed Siri Speaker will see an unveil at Apple’s WWDC event next month, which is somewhat surprising given how the event has been almost exclusively hardware-focused over recent years. Though, it makes sense seeing how Apple did not hold its usual March hardware event this year. KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Bloomberg: Unclear if Siri Speaker will feature display, Amazon open to Apple Music on Echo Phil Schiller says voice-only assistants are sometimes convenient So, that’s what we currently know about Siri Speaker: a standalone hardware device with a more powerful Siri, a touch interface, hi-fi speakers, and a WWDC unveil. What do you make of all of these rumors? As it stands now, would you purchase a Siri Speaker? Let us know down in the comments. Other Siri Speaker coverage: Opinion: I hope Siri Speaker is more Amazon Echo and less Echo Show What feature is a ‘must have’ for you to use Apple’s Siri Speaker? [Poll] Siri Speaker Wishlist: hi-fi audio, multi-user control, HomeKit features, more Voice-controlled speaker market predicted to double as Apple reportedly works on its plans What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Opinion: A Siri Speaker can learn a lot from Amazon’s Echo, but its success really depends on improvements to Siri Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Siri Speaker View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Search Search bill gatesBill Gates Advises College Graduates on Today’s Most Promising Careers Most Powerful WomenGretchen Carlson: Reporting Sexual Harassment to HR Can Backfire Ford MotorFord Motor Is Set to Slash About 10 % of Its Global Workforce, Report Says CybersecurityThe Wannacry Cyber Attack Puts NSA Hacking Back Into Focus Former HBO president of programming Michael Lombardo. Photo by Jason LaVeris—FilmMagic Apple Apple’s Original Content Push Could Snare a Former Hollywood Exec Tom Huddleston, Jr. May 15, 2017 Apple is reportedly looking for a new executive to steer its move into original content, and a former HBO executive may be on the list of potential candidates. Citing anonymous sources, tech news site The Information reported on Monday that Apple executives met earlier this year with Michael Lombardo, HBO's former president of programming, for a discussion about Apple's own efforts in original programming. While Apple hasn't formally announced its intentions, the company is reportedly looking to hire a programming chief of its own, and The Information notes that the meetings with Lombardo suggest that the former HBO bigwig could be a candidate. Fortune contacted Apple for comment and we will update this article with any response. Making such a high-profile hire—Lombardo was the head of programming at HBO for eight years before stepping down last year, helping to launch hit shows like Game of Thrones and Silicon Valley—would certainly serve as notice to Hollywood that Apple means business when it comes to producing original content. So far, the massive tech company's push into original programming has resulted only in a handful of notable acquisitions, including last year's purchase of the rights to TV series Carpool Karaoke, which is itself a spin-off of a segment from CBS' The Late Late Show with James Corden. It was also previously reported that Apple was producing a "semi-autobiographical" drama miniseries with rapper and music producer Dr. Dre. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. For the most part, though, Apple's original programming plans have been more rumor than anything. However, earlier this year, Apple CEO Tim Cook did drop some hints suggesting that Apple could be looking at a major media acquisition. Apple is sitting on a huge pile of cash, which suggests that a big deal could be on the horizon, and Cook told analysts in January that the company has merely put its "toe in the water" in terms of original content and that Apple is still learning about that space. In the past, there has been speculation that Apple could be interested in buying a company like Time Warner (which owns HBO, and which instead agreed to be sold to AT&T) or even Netflix. However Apple ends up moving toward producing its own TV shows and films (if it does), the massive company would be an obvious threat to other major Hollywood and Silicon Valley players, such as Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu. Of course, Apple competing with those content producers is still far from a certainty, especially as the company has reportedly finally agreed to allow Amazon Prime to stream on its Apple TV set-top boxes. As The Information notes, that move could be a signal that Apple would rather work with content producers than become one itself. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Sony at MWC 2017 Sony Xperia XZ Premium, XZs, XA1 Ultra, and XA1 - - - Apple releases iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1, macOS 10.12.5 Post your comment Comments (2) Vlad 15 May 2017 Apple iOS Firmware Updates Today Apple has released new minor versions for all of its different software platforms. We're talking about iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1, and macOS Sierra 10.12.5. What do all of these have in common aside from their version numbers being incremented? The fact that they're focused only on squashing annoying bugs. That's it. Expect absolutely no new features whatsoever. But after you apply any of these updates, your Apple device should behave better - be that an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple Watch, Apple TV, or Mac. While the company hasn't issued specific changelogs for its other platforms, the new macOS release is said to fix an issue making audio stutter when played through USB headphones. It's also supposedly received enhanced compatibility of the Mac App Store with future updates, and it's added support for media-free installation of Windows 10 Creators Update using Boot Camp. Source 1 | Source 2 | Source 3 Related articles Apple to launch 10.5 iPad Pro and Siri speaker at WWDC Apple is investing $200 million in Corning and Gorilla glass technology Apple places order for A11 chips for the iPhone 8 IDC: Apple leads as tablet shipments shrink 8.5% in Q1 2017 Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 2 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 83,860 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 55,871 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 53,146 4. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 46,916 5. Xiaomi Mi 6 46,196 6. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 44,696 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 39,405 8. Apple iPhone 6 34,954 9. Xiaomi Redmi 4X 34,627 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 33,380 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,173 2. OnePlus 3 1,683 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,673 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,645 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,522 6. HTC 10 1,451 7. LG G5 1,219 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,107 9. Xiaomi Mi Mix 861 10. OnePlus 3T 851 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
San Francisco menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs How the Wearable Industry Could Catch Strokes Before They Happen San Francisco Wearables Adam Rowe @AdamRRowe May 15, 2017 4:30 pm 0 Shares Get ready for the future of wearable healthcare: a University of California, San Francisco, study has confirmed last week that the Apple Watch can identify an abnormal heart rhythm with 97 percent efficiency. Here’s how it works, and why wearables are such a great fit for the healthcare industry. The Science The study, in partnership with the Apple app Cardiogram, found that the Apple Watch’s heart rate sensing feature can detect atrial fibrillation. That’s a “common heart arrhythmia that can lead to stroke,” as Apple Insider explains: “As part of ongoing research, a deep neural network was trained and paired with Apple Watch’s heart rate sensor to automatically distinguish atrial fibrillation from normal heart rhythm in a pool of test patients. Findings were presented at the Heart Rhythm Society’s Heart Rhythm 2017 conference on Thursday.” The study used 139 million heart rate measurements from over six thousand participants to train their algorithm. Healthcare Is the Best Application for Wearables Wearables haven’t been taking off quite as quickly as many had hoped: Sure, you can tell time and look cool with a smartwatch, but that’s about the same as a normal watch. Are the added benefits that much better, given the extra security concerns? If wearables can’t earn themselves some respect for the new benefits they bring to the table, they’ll never soar. But healthcare is easily the best use for them. The ability to monitor vital signs on a real-time basis is a huge boon for healthcare, and it’s also the biggest identifier that a wearable boasts to distinguish it from a PC or a smartphone. And obviously knowing that your tech can help prevent you from having a stroke is a huge benefit that would spur anyone with the disposable income to buy a flashy new Apple Watch. Thanks to big data and neural networks, we can develop the technology to use wearables as predictors of potential future problems. Aside from tracking your toddler’s whereabouts, monitoring an individual’s health is the best use of wearables in the near future. The future of wearable healthcare is certainly clear to the Cardiogram team: In addition to exploring the industry regulations they’ll meet in order to incorporate their new findings into their app, Cardiogram is looking into even more heart conditions that wearable tech might be able to uncover. Read more about wearables here on Tech.Co Tags: Health, healthcare, healthy entrepreneur, Startups, stroke, strokes, Study, wearable healthcare, wearables Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Adam Rowe Adam is a writer with an interest in a variety of mediums, from podcasts to comic books to video essays to novels to blogging — too many, basically. He's based out of Seattle, and remains a staunch defender of his state's slogan: "sayWA." In his spare time, he recommends articles about science fiction on Twitter, @AdamRRowe 0 Shares -   -   Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/13f-alert-apple-is-the-apple-of-warren-buffetts-eye-1494886280 Focus on Funds 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye What Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought and sold according to its latest 13F filing. By Crystal Kim May 15, 2017 6:11 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Hedge fund titans don't seem to be huge fans of Apple (AAPL). Appaloosa Management, Third Point, and Tiger Management have either cut their stakes in the iPhone-maker's stock or got rid of it altogether, based on quarterly holdings information. Warren Buffett says iPhone users aren't very price sensitive. Illustration: Drew Angerer/Getty Images But Warren Buffett is a fan and it shows in Berkshire Hathaway(BRKA)'s latest 13F filing. Berkshire owns 2.4% of Apple shares outstanding, making it the third-largest position in the portfolio behind just Kraft Heinz (KHC) and Wells Fargo (WFC). Buffett's beloved Coca-Cola (KO) is the fourth-largest. Charlie Munger joked at the 52nd annual meeting attended by over 40,000 people: "Buffett is either going crazy (to buy Apple) or learning -- I hope for the latter." Berkshire also exited its position in 21st Century Fox (FOXA) and lightened up its stake in IBM (IBM) by 20%. Apple shares finished down 0.26% on Monday to $155.70, but are gaining in after-hours trading. Text Size Regular Medium Large APPLE BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY KRAFT HEINZ WARREN BUFFETT Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS ETF Flopper: Volatility is Low, Low, Low Most Popular Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Nvidia: Take Advantage of Short-Sighted Investor Worries, Says Goldman Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye Tech Today: Buffett Buys AAPL, Salesforce On Tap, AMD’s Prospects Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,402.32 +11.42 (+0.48%) Dow 30 20,981.94 +85.33 (+0.41%) Nasdaq 6,149.67 +28.44 (+0.46%) Value investing giant who takes after Buffett just bought big stakes in two Apple suppliers Tae Kim CNBC May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Getty Images. Baupost's Seth Klarman bought large stakes in two Apple suppliers during the first quarter, according to an SEC filing Friday.More Seth Klarman, the value investing giant who draws comparisons to Warren Buffett, bought large stakes in two Apple (AAPL) suppliers during the first quarter, according to an SEC filing Friday after the market close. Klarman's hedge fund, Baupost, acquired 5.2 million shares of Qualcomm (QCOM) worth $299 million and 7.2 million shares of Qorvo (QRVO) worth $493 million, according to the March quarter 13F filing. Four times a year, hedge funds file their long positions with the SEC and the information is released to the public 45 days after each quarter ends. Qualcomm licenses its wireless technology and manufactures mobile chipsets. And Qorvo makes radio frequency semiconductors, which enable the ability for smartphones to communicate with wireless networks. Both firms count Apple as a customer, according to FactSet. Apple sued Qualcomm for approximately $1 billion in Jan. 2017 due to a royalty dispute. Investors are also increasingly concerned over Apple's suppliers after the smartphone maker decided to drop Imagination Technologies (London Stock Exchange: IMG-GB) last month, which resulted in a 62 percent one-day decline in the firm's shares. But where some investors see trouble, value investors like Klarman see a bargain. Klarman's fund has reportedly generated annual returns of 16.4 percent and $22.6 billion in net profit for his clients since inception through 2015. Baupost has $30 billion of assets under management as of year-end 2016, according to a firm spokesperson. The hedge fund manager is revered in value investing circles for his disciplined investing philosophy. Used copies of his "Margin of Safety" investment book still sell for more than $900 online. Baupost declined to comment on the fund's new investment positions when reached for this story. Qualcomm shares traded roughly flat, while Qorvo stock rose 6 percent midday Monday. Watch: Klarman warns on valuations More From CNBC Ubben steps down as investment head at ValueAct What hedge funds were buying in Q1 Snap shares surge more than 8% after filings reveal big hedge funds bet on the stock Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's how rich you'd be if you invested $1,000 in Amazon when it first went public Business Insider Pippa Middleton's relatives reveal disappointment over not receiving an invitation to her wedding International Business Times Apple expert: 'Sell as soon as you hear about any big M&A activity' Business Insider Amazon went public 20 years ago today — here's how much its earliest investors have earned Business Insider Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features BGR News Bill Gates reveals what he'd study if he were a college freshman today Business Insider Sears tanks after CEO eviscerates top tool vendor he says is trying to cancel its contract Business Insider A group of architects submitted this proposal for Trump's border wall that's a one-way sheet of plexiglass Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, April 16 Yahoo Finance Video We could see flying cars at the 2020 Olympics Yahoo Finance YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider White House officials were reportedly 'hiding in offices' after Trump's latest flub Business Insider How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Dan Howley TechCrunch Disrupt Live: Taking Stock Yahoo Finance Video How China is upstaging America Yahoo Finance Why Apple has to enrage its best customers Yahoo Finance Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence Ghetto Blaster: Do all the people that thought Hillary should hang for treason because she had some classified intelligence on her private server now believe that Trump should hang for treason for revealing classified info to the Russians? Just curious.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 15 Common iOS 10 Problems & How to Fix Them Adam Mills05/15/2017 iOS 10 problems continue to plague many iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. If you run into an iOS 10 issue on your device try a fix from this list before taking your device down to your local Apple Store. Apple continues to improve iOS 10 with new features, security patches, and bug fixes but, iOS 10 problems continue to frustrate iOS 10.3.2 users and those on older versions of iOS 10. This shouldn’t come as much of a surprise. iOS updates, even updates that go through Apple’s beta process, are always riddled with problems. Problems with apps, services, and performance are extremely common. We don’t know when Apple will release its next iOS 10 update so if you’re dealing with a problem on iOS 10, iOS 10.0.1, iOS 10.0.2, iOS 10.0.3, iOS 10.1, iOS 10.1.1, iOS 10.2, iOS 10.2.1, iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.1, or iOS 10.3.2, you’re on your own for now. This guide will show you how to fix the most common iOS 10 problems. If you’re noticing extreme battery drain, an issue with Bluetooth, or lag, take a look at our list before you schedule an appointment with an Apple Genius. How to Fix iOS 10 Installation Problems Installation problems plague every single iOS update. The most common installation issue is one where the download/installation process gets stuck/frozen. A number of prospective iOS 10 users already encountered this problem and we expect the issue to be a problem throughout the iOS 10 update’s lifespan. Fortunately, there’s a very simple fix that should jumpstart the installation process on your iPhone, iPad and/or iPod touch. If your iOS 10 download gets stuck, hold down the home button and the power button (volume down and power button on the iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) at the same time to perform a reset. Your device should power down automatically within 10 seconds. It will then turn itself back on and you should be able to get through the iOS 10 download/installation process. How to Fix iOS 10 Bluetooth Problems Bluetooth problems are among the most common iOS issues and we’ve already seen a ton of complaints about iOS 10 Bluetooth issues. Nothing like getting a new pair of wireless beats for Xmas and not being able to listen to them cause @Apple iOS 10.2 has Bluetooth problems — Tokéymon (@KrisDeitrich) December 25, 2016 iOS 10.2 users are reporting broken Bluetooth connections with speakers, headsets, and Bluetooth audio in the car. These problems can be a bit tricky to fix but we do have some remedies that should dislodge the issue(s), at least temporarily. First, try forgetting your Bluetooth connection. To forget a Bluetooth connection on your device go to Settings > Bluetooth > Select your connection using the circular blue i tab > Tap Forget this Device. After this is complete, try reconnecting. If you still can’t connect, it’s time to take more drastic measures. First, try resetting your device’s network settings. To do that, go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. It will take a few seconds to complete and your device will forget known Bluetooth devices. Reconnect and try again. If it’s still busted, reset all of your settings. This has worked for us and others in the past and it’s worth a shot if nothing is working. To do this go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings. This will take a few minutes to complete and after it’s done your device’s settings will be restored to factory defaults. Make sure you have Wi-Fi passwords handy because your device will forget them. If these steps fail you, consult the manual for your Bluetooth device, and if you need to, the manual for your car. If you’re having issues with Bluetooth in your car and you can’t find a manual fix, you might need to bring it into a dealer/specialist to see if they can diagnose the problem. You might need to do more than forget Bluetooth networks. How to Fix iOS 10 Battery Life Problems Surprise, surprise. Some iOS 10 owners are running into battery life problems after installing the latest update. Battery life problems are among the most common iOS problems and they will plague iOS 10 users for months to come. Something has gone VERY VERY wrong with battery life in my iPhone 6S since I installed iOS 10.2. Very wrong. pic.twitter.com/LkTndMyFLT — Aaron Pressman (@ampressman) January 5, 2017 If you’re seeing iOS 10 battery life issues and you just downloaded iOS 10, wait a few days before doing anything major. It sometimes takes a couple of days for new updates to settle in. If for some reason you notice abnormal battery drain on your iPhone or iPad after two days or so, it’s time to take action. We’ve put together a list of fixes for common iOS 10 battery life problems. These fixes have worked for us and many others and they’re worth a look if you want to fix the problem from your computer chair rather than at an Apple Store. How to Fix iOS 10 Wi-Fi Problems iOS 10 users are running into an assortment of problems with Wi-Fi. Here’s how you can try and fix broken Wi-Fi on iOS 10. My iPad won't connect to my wifi after updating to iOS 10.2. The user interface glitches when I try to connect… https://t.co/dm6uMOKCXd — Cliff Cheney (@cliffcheney) January 4, 2017 Before you start fiddling with iOS 10 and your settings, we recommend looking into your router/modem situation. If you suddenly run into problems on a known network, try unplugging the router for a solid minute before plugging it back in. You might also check to see if there is a firmware update though many routers will install updates automatically. Each router is different so you’ll need to consult your manual on how to do this. If you can’t access the router or you’re positive it has nothing to do with it, it’s time to dig into iOS 10 on your device. If you run into Wi-Fi problems on iOS 10 you’ll first want to forget the network causing you problems and try reconnecting to it. Go into your Settings > Wi-Fi > Select your connection > Tap Forget this Network at the top of the screen. Reconnect if you can and check speeds. If this fails, it’s time to reset your network settings. To do this, head into Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. It should only take a few seconds to complete though you’ll lose your known passwords. Make sure you have your Wi-Fi passwords handy before you do this. If none of these fixes work for you, you can head here for some other potential fixes. Apple’s also got its own guide to Wi-Fi problems available so make sure to look there too. How to Fix iOS 10 Touch ID Problems If your Touch ID starts acting up after installing the iOS 10 update, don’t panic. Touch ID issues are extremely common and there are potential fixes for fingerprints not reading and issues with Touch ID in the App Store. iOS 10.3 broke my TouchID. — linuxishawt (@linuxishawt) March 28, 2017 If your Touch ID suddenly stops working with iOS 10, the first thing to do is re-train your fingerprints. Make sure dirt and sweat are removed from the Touch ID sensor and that oil is removed from your hands. You want a nice clean print. After that’s done go to Settings > Touch ID & Passcode > Enter your Passcode. On the next screen swipe from right to left on each fingerprint to delete them. When this is complete you can tap on Add a Fingerprint… to re-train your Touch ID. If your iOS 10 Touch ID problems pertain to the App Store, here’s a possible fix. First go to Settings > Touch ID & Passcode > Enter your Passcode. After that, turn off iTunes & App Store. Reboot your iPhone or iPad. Go back to Touch ID & Passcode in Settings and turn iTunes & App Store back on. This has fixed Touch ID issues for us, and others in the past. If Touch ID stops working altogether, you can try resetting the phone by holding down the home button and the power button (volume down and power button on an iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) for 10 seconds or until the phone restarts. If that quick fix fails, you might want to try a factory reset. The instructions can be found at the bottom of this page. It’s a long process but its a known fix for major Touch ID problems. How to Fix iOS 10 Cellular Data Problems iOS 10 users are already complaining about cellular data problems and we expect complaints to pick up (as they always do) in the weeks ahead. These, like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth issues, can be difficult to nail down and fix but there are a few remedies to try if you start experiencing trouble. @TMobile What's up with this iOS 10.3 update affecting out cellular service…I thought this was fixed last year!?! — Jey Rey (@24kRichBoy) March 29, 2017 First, you’ll want to make sure your service provider isn’t experiencing an outage. Outages are common and you’ll want to check social media and your carrier’s website for details. If you’re positive it’s not an outage, try restarting your device. Power it down and then power it back on to see if that helps. If it doesn’t flip on Airplane Mode for 30 seconds before turning it off. Airplane Mode kills all connections on your device and this quick fix has settled cellular data issues for some users in the past. We also recommend toggling off Cellular Data and/or LTE to see if that helps alleviate your problem. To shut LTE down temporarily, go into Settings > Cellular > Enable LTE > Off. Turn it back on when/if you need it. To shut off Cellular Data completely without turning off any other services go to Settings > Cellular > Cellular Data > Toggle Off. Toggle it back on a 30 seconds later to see if things have improved. How to Fix iOS 10 Touchscreen Problems If your device’s screen stops responding with iOS 10 on board, you don’t need to head to an Apple Store. Yet. Is it too early to start conspiracy theories about iOS 10.3? I swear my iPad is slower and the touch screen is playing up :-/ — Sir Timmy of Mohawk (@homebrandcola) March 29, 2017 Touchscreen issues are common and they can pop up at any time. If you start experiencing issues with iOS 10 and your device, take these steps. If your iPhone/iPad’s screen stops responding to touches and swipes, you’ll want to hold down the power button and home button (volume down and power button on an iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) at the same time. Your phone will reboot in a few seconds and the problems should be gone. If it doesn’t work the first time, try it again until it works. In the past, its taken three hard reboots for touchscreen lag issues to disappear on our devices. How to Fix iOS 10 App Problems iOS 10 and some apps aren’t getting along. In some cases, developers are telling iPhone and iPad users to avoid the update completely until fixes can be found. Others have already rolled out support updates for Apple’s new software. If you’re running into a problem with a third-party application, you’ll want to check to see if there is an iOS 10 support update lurking on the App Store. There’s a good chance the developer’s issued an update that comes with iOS 10 features and fixes. Just make sure you read reviews from iOS 10 users before you install. If you’re on the latest version and you’re running into issues you can’t fix, try reinstalling the application. Make sure all of your data is backed up before you do this. If that doesn’t work, you’ll need to contact the developer and report the issue so that it can fix the problem in a future update. If your problem is with an app download from the App Store, try restarting your device. If you’re connected to the internet and your app isn’t downloading, hold down the power button and home button (volume down and power button on an iPhone 7/iPhone 7 Plus) and restart your phone or tablet. If the download is still stuck, rapidly tap “Update” on an app before the “Open” symbol appears. It might take 10 times or more for the download to get unstuck so you’ll need to be patient. How to Improve iOS 10 Performance If you are dealing with iOS 10 performance issues like lag, you’ll want to consult our list of tips to improve the fluidity of iOS. If you’re experiencing stuttering when switching applications, try adjusting the click speed of the home button. To do that, head into Settings > General > Accessibility > Home Button. @AppleSupport i'm experiencing serious animation lag all over my phone menu and list, what can i do?? iOS 10.2 — Saeid (@s4e1d) January 4, 2017 These can be difficult to fix, particularly on older devices like the iPhone 5, and you might just have to bite the bullet and perform a factory reset. If you’re dealing with unexpected shutdown issues on your iPhone 6s, you might be able to get a replacement from Apple. To determine if you’re eligible for a replacement, check Apple’s guide to see if you’re eligible. We’ve also put together a list of tips to improve iOS 10 performance so take a look at those before you factory reset your device or take it into Apple. How to Fix iOS 10 iMessage Problems The iOS 10 update brings new features to the Messages app though many of the iOS 10 Messages problems we’re seeing are old and extremely common. Oh cool, upgraded to iOS 10.3 and now i can't log into iMessage server, fun — sam (@shlincoln) March 29, 2017 If Messages starts acting up in any way, we recommend shutting it off for a minute and turning it back on. Go into Settings > Messages > Toggle iMessage off then back on. If you’re still having issues sending or receiving messages, restart your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch to see if that helps. If it doesn’t, head into your settings and reset Network Settings. Head into Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. Have your Wi-Fi passwords handy because this will cause your device to forget them. How to Fix iOS 10 Hey Siri Problems If the “Hey Siri” feature stops working properly after you upgrade to the latest version of iOS 10 there are a few potential workarounds to try before contacting Apple support. Hey @AppleSupport having trouble with Hey Siri since WatchOS 3iOS/10 on Stainless steel original and Nike + Apple Watch. South African Siri. — Nic Morris (@nic_morris) December 22, 2016 The first thing to do is to ensure that Hey Siri is turned on. To do that, head into Settings > Siri and make sure everything looks good. If that doesn’t work, we’ve had luck turning Siri off, restarting our device, and then toggling Siri back on once the device reboots. If that doesn’t help, try resetting all of your Settings. Head to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings. How to Fix iOS 10 Sound Problems If you start noticing issues with sound (distortion, fuzziness, lack of sound, etc) here are a few things to try. First, try a simple restart. Power down your iPhone or iPad and turn it back on to see if that helps. This has worked for us in the past. We also recommend taking a peek at your speaker grille to make sure there isn’t any debris buildup causing the issue. If you notice something, carefully remove it and see if that improves your sound. If none of that helps, try toggling Bluetooth off and on. If you’re experiencing the issue in a specific app, try downloading the latest update. You might also try downloading the latest version of iOS 10 (iOS 10.3) to see if that solves the problem. It just might. How to Fix iOS 10 PC or Mac Connection Issues If you’re unable to connect your iOS 10-powered device to a Mac or PC running iTunes, don’t panic. There are a few known remedies for this problem. First, make sure you’re running the latest version of iTunes. To do that, while in iTunes select the iTunes tab in the upper left corner and click About iTunes. The current version is 12.5.5. If you aren’t on that, download the latest update via the iTunes tab > Check for update. If you are using a Mac, you must be running OS X 10.9.5 or later to support iTunes and iOS 10-powered devices. If you are using a Windows PC and a firewall, take a look at this guide from Apple. The firewall might be blocking your sync. How to Fix iOS 10 Raise to Wake Problems iOS 10’s Raise to Wake feature is reportedly causing problems for some iPhone users. If you’re noticing issues with this popular function, here are a few potential remedies to try. First, try toggling it off then on again. To do this, head into Settings > Display & Brightness and toggle Raise to Wake off. Turn it on again to see if that helps. If that doesn’t help, restart your device. How to Fix iOS 10 Landscape Issues If your iPhone or iPad gets stuck in landscape mode, here’s how to get it unstuck. First, try locking and unlocking your device. Hit the power button and then unlock your phone with your PIN or fingerprint to see if that helps. If that doesn’t help, try restarting your iPhone or iPad. This will typically dislodge the problem. If that doesn’t work you can try turning off Reduce Motion. To do that go to Settings > General > Accessibility and toggle Reduce Motion off. How to Fix iOS 10 Problems If Nothing Else Works If your iOS 10 problem isn’t listed here or these fixes don’t help, there are a few other solutions we recommend. If you want to continue to try and diagnose the problem from your chair, head to Apple’s discussion forums and ask for help. Just make sure you do it in the right place. If you’re unable to find a fix there, it’s time to take a more drastic approach. You can try downgrading to a previous version of iOS to see if that improves performance. There’s no guarantee that it will but there’s also no guarantee that it won’t. If you’re fed up and still don’t want to move from your chair, you can do a factory reset or restore from a backup. A factory reset will wipe everything on your phone or tablet and return it back to the way it was when you first bought the device so you’ll need to make sure anything and everything you care about (photos, videos, etc) is backed up properly. To perform a full on factory reset on iPhone or iPad go to Settings > General > Reset > Erase All Content and Settings. Again, this should only be used as a last resort. If you’re fine with leaving the house, we recommend taking your device into your local Apple Store. Schedule an appointment at the Genius Bar and see if the geniuses there can diagnose your iOS 10 problem. If you’d rather get in touch with Apple online try pinging Apple Support via its Twitter account. You can also find Apple support on the company’s website. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 13 51 Responses 09/15/2016 Blehby Reply Do you work for Apple? Bluetooth worked before and ios10 breaks it but last resort is to go to your car manufacturer? No Apple needs to fix it. 03/07/2017 cloudwinds Reply Yes, all these are the most long, stupid, time wasting suggestions. Apple should be shame and responsible for all this. 03/07/2017 cloudwinds Reply iOs 10.2.1 destroyed my cellular connection and touch id. It happened right after I installed the update but Apple already stopped signing and I cannot go back to my previous iOS. I visited a Genius Bar and they treated me like a 70 year old grand mom. As I saw, most customers there had all kind of problems caused by OS update but their final diagnostics were “HARDWARE PROBLEM and YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR FIXING IT”. Stupid. 09/17/2016 Eduard Pinzon-Valdez Reply Very useful to me. Thanks a lot. 09/23/2016 Vasee Nesah Reply My wife’s iPad Air has lost its WiFi adapter (disabled) a few times, after the iOS10 update. Restarting the iPad fixed it the first time, resetting the network settings and restarting fixed it the second time and the third time I did all of th above and also disabled location services and SiRi. The iPad is working now but I’ll never by another…. too hard to get in and fix problems. 09/23/2016 monkeyflower Reply The 10.01.1 update is HORRIBLE!!! It has destroyed my ability to work smothely on my iPad. Too many glitches and bugs to mention, just the worst. I work on my iPad all day, every day, especially with e-mail… I am distraught. If you have not done it yet, DON’T DO IT!!!!! 09/27/2016 Norwin Tuano Reply ios10 update sucks! it wont let me charge my ipad… grrrrr!!! 09/30/2016 EV Reply I had to disable my lock screen password because the “home” button does not respond. In fact, there really isn’t one. I miss Steve Jobs. 09/30/2016 Nina Reply I can no longer lock my iPad Pro. The only time it now requires a pass code is if I do the 2-button shutdown. I’ve tried unsetting, rebooting and then resetting. Nothing is working. It also wouldn’t see the battery level of my Apple pencil until I inactivated the pencil, rebooted and then re-synced it. Ugh! These are terrible problems when you use the iPad Pro and Pencil for teaching! 10/01/2016 Julie Reply After the update I can’t get the passcode screen to show up when I turn it on – swipe one way and it’s the stupid camera, the other way and it’s the stupid suggestions and nothing in the middle. Just kept turning off and on, swiping up, down, side and finally got the pass code screen! This makes locking my iPad impossible and I need it! This is just one of the many problems with this update. I’ve been screaming out of frustration and I just about threw my iPad across the room – it is a #%+! mess. I want my old system back please!!!!!!!! 10/01/2016 Nancy Reply How do you delete emails ? Under edit trash and move are not functioning 10/16/2016 Mango Reply WHAT A MESS! My iPhone6 plus INBOX does not fully delete the data, but shows no actually emails that I can try to delete, it shows it contains in my case 1.5 gb of emails I have previously trashed and deleted. Meanwhile I keep getting messages of storage full while having over 500 gb of free space. 10/02/2016 Mats Lintrup Reply Apples Notes chraches all the time after upgrading to ios10 10/02/2016 D. A. Reply iOS 10.0.1 + iTunes 12.5.1 = music will not synchronize to your device (iPad and iPhone). See the thread: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7665731 10/05/2016 Wiley Kidd Reply I upgraded my iPhone 6 to ios 10.0.2 and it has rendered my phone practically useless. The mail app constantly shuts down after maybe 10 seconds of use, it will not connect to my computer, and the battery is draining terribly fast. I use my phone constantly for work so it’s become a MAJOR problem. I’ve had this phone for 2 years, been through multiple ios upgrades and have NEVER had problems like this 10.0.2 upgrade. 10/06/2016 Tim Goebel Reply This page is helpful, and it is dismaying to see so much complaining. Take what you can from it, and move on to the next thing, folks! The abysmal spelling and grammar from some of the complainants impugns their credibility. 10/06/2016 Taras Reply total useless… disappointed….:( 10/06/2016 Dallas Reply Steve Jobs would never have let anything made by Apple to go on the market with any sort of problems. I am a Apple fan and will always love the iPhone. But come on Apple for your sake and the millions of Apple fans get it right the first time. No patches weeks after launch . Honor Steve by holding the high standards he set for the company and made it great. A loyal Fan and customer 10/07/2016 schnoodlybk Reply Just throw it out the window and go buy an android..problem fixed 10/08/2016 Stephen Waters Reply shows i got voice mails when i havnt 10/08/2016 Carol Priestley Reply Can’t answer my iPhone 6plus since the update to 10.0.2. Headphones no longer work, touchcreen to answer a call and I can’t hear the person on the other end unless I turn in speaker! I don’t want my conversations on speaker!! Have tried resrarts, turning off & on LTE, Voice/data, and a few other things all to no avail. This is an problem. What a disappointing update. Ya spend a lot of $ & what donyabget back? Bad unproven updates with no fixes? Shame on you Apple. Poor job & lousy customer service. 10/09/2016 Harold Lewington Reply Spent an hour and half with my cellular service IT trying figure out why I can no longer send e-mails. All settings are correct so must be an issue with the 10.0.02 upgrade as both Ipad and Iphone went down immediately after installing it. Can only imagine the millions of dollars Apple has caused in wasted time world wide because of their incompetence. 10/12/2016 Micke Reply Bluetooth fix #2 worked for me with iPhone 6 and Peugeot 3008. When applying pls remember to delete the bluetooth connection from the car as well. 10/12/2016 Mark Reply No mention here of speaker or volume symbol showing up randomly. I can’t get any sound out of my iPad air speakers. saw something about going into general settings and changing side buttons from volume to rotate, which I did, but it did not solve it. Anybody have any ideas on this one? 10/12/2016 Mike Reply I have a security issue on my provider which says I should use WPA 2 on my router. This was not the case until I upgraded to 10.02. My wife’s iPad mini has not yet been offered the upgrade and when/if she gets it offered she will not upgrade. The navigation is a mess, home button rarely works, a total mess 10/13/2016 Annoyed Person Reply Touchscreen doesn’t work at all even after multiple hard reboots. I was able to get it to work for a few minutes but then after closing the app and thinking all is okay… touchscreen wont work and i can’t go anything. But my alarm will go off and at that- i have to hard reboot to get it to stop. TERRIBLE. 10/17/2016 Pep Reply Can’t sync my iphone with my mac since upgrading to 10.02. It says my phone is password locked and it isn’t – frustrated. 10/17/2016 John Baker Reply After upgrading to ios 10 all my data from the Health app appears to be gone. Turning the phone off does not restore it. I track my exercise closely using this app, and this is disappointing. Any ideas? I suspect (hope) that the data has not been lost, just not accessible. 10/18/2016 KimberlyRN Reply I really appreciate the fixes here. My alarm wasn’t working and I was late for work. Do you know what happens when an ICU nurse is late for work? I’ve had many other problems with this “update” but was able to fix the most prominent with the help of this site. I’m beyond sick of Apple and, when I have the money, I’ll be getting an Android. For years I kept thinking they would get their act together and become the company I first fell in love with. It’s obvious that they will never be that company again. Thank you for these fixes. 10/18/2016 Crystal C. Reply Anyone else having issues with cookies on certain website? It keeps telling me my cookies are turned off when they are on all the time. Going to web pages are slower and sometimes crashes and won’t show page full info. I’ve had to clear out history and data and daily shut it down too for the web pages to stop telling me the cookies are off. I wish I never updated now. Everything was fine before the update to OS 10.0.2. I hate it. Someone help me on this, very frustrating! 10/19/2016 Cindy Reply Looking for a solution to caller I’d and can’t find it. Does anyone know how to restore the city, state display on IOS10 caller I’d? Just seeing United States is not helpful when screening calls. 10/20/2016 Linda Reply I have problems on iPhone 7s with text messages it keeps losing the sound tried twice with apple help they can’t fix it the only way to get sound back is to keep shutting off my phone all day and when I try to turn it back on it takes 3 minutes to come on again 10/21/2016 Patricia Reply This IOS 10 is horrible. I want what I purchased a year ago. I would NEVER have purchased this software/operating system or an ipad with it on it. LAST Apple product for me. Too expensive to get jacked around and have to deal with kind of BS. From now on tablets. I’m giving this crap to my nephew… and never buying another Ipad. Shame on the powers that be at Apple taking a great product and turning into a piece of crap…. reminds me of the New Coke. 10/26/2016 Mike Reply The new 2 factor seems that it will be an issue. It’s for setting up an new device. So I setup my new phone and put in my apple ID but now I need to get a text from this phone I haven’t set up yet. Am I crazy? 11/10/2016 David Wilcox Reply im paying for apple music but its not working on phone after latest update. still working on iPad mini but now that wants to update system .will it stop on there too? apple need to get this sorted useless trying to get info off them.they are just getting worse and worse! 11/24/2016 Dennis Reply Apple products are shit. Another upgrade and more fkn problems. Audio doesn’t work. Thinks I have headphones and can’t get this pos iPhone 6 to use the speaker. Yes I have reset it again and again. 11/30/2016 Industrial Computers Reply There seems to be problems with all Apple products. It seem although they dont really test the new updates. I am not too sure I am going to stay with Apple. The only reason I have done for so long is because I can sync it will a few of my other devices. Starting to loose my patience if I am honest. 12/05/2016 Achmad Mulyadi Reply My IPhone 5 has a touchscreen problem after updating to iOS 10.1.1. The whole screen just freezing except for quick launch bar. Had to restart each time that happened, and oh… almost 4-5 times a day. I don’t expect this major problem from one who claim them self as the best phone vendor. 02/13/2017 Dezie Reply When I go to puffin academy it says that puffin academy may be blocked and I like to play math muncher 02/28/2017 Maxson Wahengbam Reply I got a new 7 plus, when entering the passcode it seems to me that it is a little slow compared to my friend’s 6s ,it takes 2-3 seconds to open my home screen. NEED A SOLUTION 03/09/2017 Sol Reply I just got a notice that my iphone storage is almost at capacity so I looked up what’s using it up…2nd on the list: “iOS 10.2.1 Update size 993 MB” What??? 03/09/2017 Sol Reply Never mind my previous comment…I hadn’t actually installed it. Oops. Delete the comment if you can. 03/31/2017 Doug Springall Reply My third party double connector that enables me to charge and listen to my iphone7 will no longer work under ios10.3 . I would like this to work given that i cannot find an apple accessory on the store and the iPhone 7 does not have a headphone jack . 04/13/2017 Cheryl Reply Not sure if it is due to my downloading 10.3.1 but all my calendar events have disappeared except for the current week. 04/14/2017 Lisa Langford Reply Unable to open emails with new update. Say to get the sender to send in different format. 04/17/2017 Roger Reply iPhone 5C and 10.3.1 Screen goes to black for no reason with any app, Safari, Google, etc. Finger on home button restores to last screen. If Bluetooth is on, the phone won’t ring and the is no sound over videos. To restore sound, i need to turn Bluetooth off. 04/21/2017 Tonya Reply I just updated my iPad with the 10.3.1 update and now I am unable to se my rbc online banking app. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it but it only allows me to get to the password authentication. It then comes up with a message stating,” the user needs to be authenticated before the pic can be queried”. How do I fix this? 04/21/2017 Tonya Reply I just updated my iPad with the 10.3.1 update and now I am unable to se my rbc online banking app. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it but it only allows me to get to the password authentication. It then comes up with a message stating,” the user needs to be authenticated before the pvc can be queried”. How do I fix this? 04/22/2017 natalie Reply ios 10.3.1 reverted my notes back to an older version 04/24/2017 M hasan Reply Here is another issue with the latest firmware update 10.3.1 if you have portable dac players and play your music thru these I have at the moment two apple devices iPhone 6 and iPad Pro which are affected 10 to 15 seconds into the song you will get a message on the screen this accessory is not supported and continues to play the music thru the devices own built in speakers only well done apple 05/01/2017 Harold Mapes Reply Where did the animation go in messaging that was in earlier versions of IOS 10? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Skip to content Menu Menu Articles Videos Conference 2017 Conference 2016 Conference Close Webinars White Papers Awards Environmental Top 50 2017 Awards 2016 Awards Close Buyer’s Guide TRENDING EL 2016 Award Winners EL Conference 2017 Energy Manager Today Environmental Management AIR Water Waste Compliance Manufacturing Supply Chain Top 50 To download please complete the following: All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Please Send Me More Information All fields are required. Email Address Company Name First Name Last Name Job Role C-LevelEnvironment/Sustainability/EHS Manager/VP/DirectorVP/DirectorManager/SupervisorNon ManagementAnalyst/ConsultantOther Job Title Address 1 Address 2 City State/Province/Region Zip/Postal Code Country ---AfghanistanAland IslandsAlbaniaAlgeriaAmerican SamoaAndorraAngolaAnguillaAntarcticaAntigua and BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBhutanBoliviaBosnia and HerzegovinaBotswanaBouvet IslandBrazilBritish Indian Ocean TerritoryBrunei DarussalamBulgariaBurkina FasoBurundiCambodiaCameroonCanadaCape VerdeCayman IslandsCentral African RepublicChadChileChinaChristmas IslandCocos (Keeling) IslandsColombiaComorosCongoCongo, The Democratic Republic of TheCook IslandsCosta RicaCote D'ivoireCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicEcuadorEgyptEl SalvadorEquatorial GuineaEritreaEstoniaEthiopiaFalkland Islands (Malvinas)Faroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFrench Southern TerritoriesGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermanyGhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuernseyGuineaGuinea-bissauGuyanaHaitiHeard Island and Mcdonald IslandsHoly See (Vatican City State)HondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIran, Islamic Republic ofIraqIrelandIsle of ManIsraelItalyJamaicaJapanJerseyJordanKazakhstanKenyaKiribatiKorea, Democratic People's Republic ofKorea, Republic ofKuwaitKyrgyzstanLao People's Democratic RepublicLatviaLebanonLesothoLiberiaLibyan Arab JamahiriyaLiechtensteinLithuaniaLuxembourgMacaoMacedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic ofMadagascarMalawiMalaysiaMaldivesMaliMaltaMarshall IslandsMartiniqueMauritaniaMauritiusMayotteMexicoMicronesia, Federated States ofMoldova, Republic ofMonacoMongoliaMontenegroMontserratMoroccoMozambiqueMyanmarNamibiaNauruNepalNetherlandsNetherlands AntillesNew CaledoniaNew ZealandNicaraguaNigerNigeriaNiueNorfolk IslandNorthern Mariana IslandsNorwayOmanPakistanPalauPalestinian Territory, OccupiedPanamaPapua New GuineaParaguayPeruPhilippinesPitcairnPolandPortugalPuerto RicoQatarReunionRomaniaRussian FederationRwandaSaint HelenaSaint Kitts and NevisSaint LuciaSaint Pierre and MiquelonSaint Vincent and The GrenadinesSamoaSan MarinoSao Tome and PrincipeSaudi ArabiaSenegalSerbiaSeychellesSierra LeoneSingaporeSlovakiaSloveniaSolomon IslandsSomaliaSouth AfricaSouth Georgia and The South Sandwich IslandsSpainSri LankaSudanSurinameSvalbard and Jan MayenSwazilandSwedenSwitzerlandSyrian Arab RepublicTaiwan, Province of ChinaTajikistanTanzania, United Republic ofThailandTimor-lesteTogoTokelauTongaTrinidad and TobagoTunisiaTurkeyTurkmenistanTurks and Caicos IslandsTuvaluUgandaUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesUnited States Minor Outlying IslandsUruguayUzbekistanVanuatuVenezuelaViet NamVirgin Islands, BritishVirgin Islands, U.S.Wallis and FutunaWestern SaharaYemenZambiaZimbabwe Phone Number Company Size 5,000+1,000-4,999500-999250-499100-24950-9925-4910-245-91-4 Industry Advertising/Media/PublishingAerospace and AviationAgriculture and ForestryAutomotiveBanking/Accounting/FinancialComputer and TechnologyEducation and TrainingEnergy Services/TechnologyEngineering and ConstructionEntertainment/Travel/HospitalityEnvironmental Services/TechnologyGovernment and Public AdministrationFood and BeverageInsuranceHealthcareLegal SolutionsManufacturingAdvertising/Marketing/PR/MediaNon profit OrganizationsPharmaceuticalReal EstateTelecommunicationsRetail and WholesaleScientificTransportation and ShippingUtilitiesOther Industry Not Listed Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? Forgotten Password Cancel If you've no account register here first time User Name : User Email : Password : Login Now How (and Why) Ikea, Apple Extend Control Across Their Supply Chains May 15, 2017May 15, 2017 by Jennifer Hermes Companies like Ikea and Apple have been investing in their supply chains in order to avoid unknown and potentially environmentally damaging activities from their suppliers by purchasing forest, building wind farms, and taking over plastics recycling plants. Ikea has purchased forest in Romania and the Baltics, while Apple has invested in forest in the US, writes The Guardian. In order to assess where risk might be occurring within a supply chain, companies should consider “supply chain network mapping,” the process of creating an end-to-end map showing the connections, relationships and dependencies between manufacturing and suppliers, suggests Bindiya Vakil, founder and CEO of Resilinc, a provider of supply chain risk solutions (via Supply Chain Dive). Vakil says that a typical high-tech manufacturer could have nearly 1,000 suppliers, with as many as half of them being single source. Should something happen to that supplier or with the supplier relationship, the whole supply chain can be thrown into disarray. To combat this type of risk, Ikea has just acquired a 15% minority stake in a plastic recycling plant, Morssinkhof Rymoplast, in the Netherlands, with an investment that comes from its budget allocated to sustainability measures. The plant will help Ikea reach its goal of manufacturing plastic products using only recyclable and/or recycled materials by August 2020. The investment will also help the plastics recycling plant develop its capabilities. Ikea’s chief sustainability officer says this is its first investment within the recycling industry. Additionally, the investment will help Ikea secure recycled material if tougher regulations requiring producers to include a certain percentage of recycled plastic in their products lead to a material shortage. Dexter Galvin, head of supply chain at CDP, says many companies with “at risk” supply chains are looking at this type of vertical integration model. CDP is a not-for-profit charity that runs the global disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts. Data collected by SCM World in 2016 from 1,409 supply chain professionals around the world shows that supply shortage of raw materials and components ranks number four on their list of top supply chain concerns (via Fortune). Other top five concerns include data security/IT incidents, shipping/logistics disruptions, legal/regulatory issues, and breach of intellectual property rights.   Categories Compliance, Feature, Manufacturing, Supply ChainTags Apple, IKEA, risk, supply chain Leveraging EHS Software in Support of Culture Changes Sponsored By: VelocityEHS    The EHS Guidebook: Selecting, Implementing, and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ    Choosing the Correct Emission Control Technology Sponsored By: Anguil Environmental Systems    Practical Guide to Transforming Energy Data into Better Buildings Sponsored By: Lucid    Leave a Comment Cancel reply NEWSLETTER NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Mon, Wed, Fri) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Best Practices Four Key Strategies for Management System Integration Read More Best Practices Videos Sphera Solutions: EMIS Leader Webinars Shaping Your Facility Information Management Strategy to Comply... Sponsored By Sphera Solutions   Sponsored By Gensuite   FEATURED SUPPLIERS View All Suppliers > White Papers The QEHS Guide to Operational Excellence Sponsored By: EtQ An Insiders Guide to Selecting an Environmental Health and Safety Management Software System Sponsored By: EtQ EHS Risk Management Guidebook A Practical HowTo Guide Sponsored By: EtQ The EHS Guidebook Selecting Implementing and Using EHS Software Solutions Sponsored By: EtQ Incident Management 101 Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Software Selection Guide Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Office Ergonomics ROI eBook Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Ergonomics Infographic Sponsored By: VelocityEHS NAEM 2016 Trends Report Sponsored By: VelocityEHS Lean Safe Integrating Safety Management and Process Sponsored By: VelocityEHS View All White Papers > UPCOMING WEBINARS Shaping Your Facility Information Management Strategy to Comply with the Refinery Flare Rule ON DEMAND WEBINARS The EHS Manager’s Priorities in 2017: Predict and Prevent From Isolated to Integrated: How to Eliminate the Redundancies and Inefficiencies of Independent EHS Systems What’s in Store in 2017 for C&I Organizations as a New Administration Takes Control of our Nation’s Energy Policy? Getting Corporate Buy-in for an Environmental Management Information System (EMIS) From Compliance to Pro-Active Safety with Mobility: Best Practices from Lendlease See More Webinars > FOLLOW US PRIVACY POLICY | ABOUT US | SEND A STORY | ADVERTISE © Copyright 2017 Environmental Leader ® is a registered trademark of Business Sector Media LLC. Your name: Your email address: Send post to email address, comma separated for multiple emails. Cancel
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices (17 Mar 17) Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode (24 Sep 16) MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience (10 Mar 16) Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus (25 Oct 14) OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library (18 Feb 11)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 14 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (13) Lightening the Vacation Tech Load by Julio Ojeda-Zapata For decades, I have tried to travel light but seemed genetically incapable of doing so. Regardless of the type of trip, I would pack two or three times more clothes than necessary. This also applied to my technology. I always took along a Mac, even on family vacations. Heck, beyond the laptop, I would bring along multiple gadgets like PDAs, tablets, and phones – the more the better! In addition to saddling me with needless weight, packing all this gear created an endless temptation to tinker. I love to fiddle with my tech and have been known to wipe my Mac’s hard drive and reinstall its operating system while on vacation. If you’re thinking, “He’s nuts!” or something similar, I agree with you. As does my wife. That’s why a recent vacation to visit family in Florida was momentous. For the first time, I packed (somewhat) more sensibly. Oh, I don’t mean clothing and footwear – I overdid those yet again – but I tried to pare down my tech and succeeded, to a degree. It’s a work in progress. I stuck mainly to Apple gear for consistency and interoperability. For nearly two weeks in the Sunshine State, I had with me an iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods, but – drum roll – no Mac. Limiting myself to the minimalist iOS and watchOS meant fewer things to monkey with. That kept me better focused on what really mattered: long naps and walks with my wife, swimming in the sea, catching up with a few favorite TV shows, leisurely meals with friends and relatives, and so on. Pre-vacation prep was critical to avoid tech detours and distractions while on my journey. So I put in time beforehand setting up apps and services, and modifying my tech routine so my holiday would go more smoothly. Consider this a travel-tech guide of sorts for Apple fans, though your details will likely vary. Toward the end, I’ll mention a few non-Apple devices and accessories. iPad -- I insisted on taking along some kind of a computer, and an iPhone doesn’t count. Other vacationers might happily do without for two weeks, but for both personal and professional reasons I can’t — and I’ll bet some of you feel the same. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro was my obvious choice. It’s lightweight and compact, slipping into a mini-messenger bag that’s too small for any portable Mac. I paired the tablet with Apple’s Smart Keyboard – a prescient move, as it turned out – and used a matching Silicone Case for protection. I planned to use the iPad primarily for reading and video watching. I also wanted to stay on top of the news, since not knowing what’s going on stresses me out. Here’s how I set things up to facilitate these uses. I started with cellular data. I don’t normally enable it on an iPad, but I deemed it essential for this trip. There’s nothing worse than an endless search for reliable Wi-Fi, an issue I’ve often faced while traveling. So I temporarily put AT&T cell service on the device. I worried about chewing through my data too quickly, though, so I took the precaution of downloading video for offline use. You can do this with iTunes purchases and rentals, of course. What I didn’t know until I did my research is that offline downloading is also possible with streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, and my Comcast cable-TV provider’s Xfinity service (for details about Netflix, see “Netflix Introduces Offline Viewing for iOS,” 30 November 2016). Not all streamable titles on these services are downloadable, but I found plenty to keep me entertained. Ebooks are faster to download, but I still made sure all the titles I wanted to read were stored on my iPad before leaving. Again, books purchased from the iBooks Store (or rivals like Amazon and Google) are the obvious options here, but I’m a cheapskate and went another way. My public library offers ebook checkouts for free via OverDrive and Cloud Library. It’s a good bet your public library offers at least one of these services or another called Hoopla. (The image below is of my library’s OverDrive home screen, also see “OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library,” 18 February 2011.) I’m also a magazine junkie, and in the past I’d carry stacks of them onto planes. Now I use my iPad as a magazine reader. For my trip, I tried a couple of magazine sources. One is Texture, a service with dozens of titles for as little as $9.99 a month. I signed up for a trial and like it, but I’m not sure I’ll keep it. That’s in large part because the St. Paul Public Library offers magazines via Zinio for Libraries. It’s missing some of my favorite titles but the price is right: free. See if your public library has this. (There’s also a non-library Zinio consumer service that is very much like Texture.) For news, I was already set up with my favorite apps and Web sites, like Feedly, Flipboard, Memeorandum, Techmeme, and Mediagazer. As an experiment, I tried relying on Apple’s News app, which I hadn’t used in ages, as my primary news app for the trip. It still has issues but has come a long way, and I found it useful and enjoyable for news scans. Out of the blue, my iPad was pressed into service to get some hardcore work done midway through our vacation. And for once, it wasn’t me, it was my wife. She unexpectedly had to help my parents with my recently deceased brother’s complicated estate, a job that required her to pore over and modify documents. My wife has never been sold on the iPad for productivity – she’d much rather use her MacBook Air – but she had no trouble adapting to the iPad Pro and Smart keyboard, spending hours on it with nary a complaint. The biggest test for both of us was that my mother’s MacBook Pro with Retina display was nearby and often idle, so you’d think we would have been tempted to use it instead. I did once, briefly, but for the most part we were fine sticking to the iPad. iPhone -- To a great extent, my iPhone 7 Plus was a smaller version of my iPad, with virtually all of the same apps and services. Some things didn’t work well. Reading magazines via Texture is too much of a chore on the smaller screen, for instance. But I enjoyed reading books on the iPhone, and occasionally used it to watch videos. I also used the iPhone as my only camera for the trip. It’s no DSLR, but it takes nice photos, and I am addicted to the Camera app’s Portrait mode that blurs the background of photos impressively, if not always flawlessly (see “Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode,” 24 September 2016). I was paranoid about losing photos in a catastrophic mishap (for good reason, as you will soon discover!), so I used Apple’s Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter to transfer pictures from the iPhone to my iPad regularly. Had there been reliable Wi-Fi access, I would have done automatic uploads to Google Photos like I do at home, but on the trip, I was worried about chewing through my cellular data. (Of course, you could also use Apple’s solutions: My Photo Stream and iCloud Photo Library.) For extra protection, I swapped out my standard Apple leather case for a beefier, more rugged Tech Armor Shock Flex Case model. Nice idea, but the Tech Armor case doesn’t claim to protect against what I was about to do to my iPhone. One day, I dove into the pool, swam around, toweled off, sank into a reclining chair, and groped around in my bag for my iPhone. It was nowhere to be found, but I was sure the handset wasn’t back at the condo. Then, with a sick feeling, I realized it was in one of my swim trunks’ pockets. I was certain it was a goner. But it kept going, and it’s still working perfectly as I type this, weeks later. Apple doesn’t certify the iPhone 7 as waterproof, just water resistant – so this isn’t your cue to take yours for a swim – but looks like it’s pretty doggone resistant. Could I have managed with just the iPhone 7 Plus as my main travel computer, maybe with an external keyboard? It’s not out of the question (see “Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus,” 25 October 2014), and I may work up the nerve to try it someday. Apple Watch -- Of all the gear I brought, the Apple Watch Series 2 was the most interesting to me because I tried extra-hard to make it relevant and useful. I’ve never been the biggest of Apple Watch fans, so I wanted to see whether the trip would inspire a greater appreciation for Apple’s wearable. (Spoiler: it did.) Here’s how my use of the Apple Watch (one of those Nike-branded models) went down. I took many walks with my wife, as noted, and for the first time became obsessed with filling those three concentric rings for exercise (red), movement (yellow), and standing time (blue). We are of Latino persuasion, so I called them los circulitos, Spanish for “the little circles.” I’ve remained interested in keeping up with the rings since the trip, which I didn’t expect. In fact, since my trip, I have for the first time fully incorporated the Apple Watch into my fitness (mostly bicycling) routine, tracking my post-vacation exercise with the watch’s stock Activity and Workout apps along with the third-party Strava service much beloved among bicyclists and runners. When possible, I wanted to have entertainment options at my fingertips without searching for my iPhone. That’s the key reason for the Apple Watch, right? Figuring out the options took a little research, but I found a few doozies. Most notable among these is Marco Arment’s Overcast podcast app. Overcast won me over because it provides its own Apple Watch control screen instead of making its users rely on Apple’s inferior Now Playing interface. So I switched over from Pocket Casts, which lacks Apple Watch support. Overcast also has a Smart Speed feature to compress long silences and reduce listening time, plus a Voice Boost feature that makes spoken podcasts louder and clearer. I love both. Arment has since added another nice feature, an option to load podcasts right on the Apple Watch so its companion iPhone can be left behind. That would have come in handy on my vacation and possibly even averted my iPhone’s dunking. I use the Pandora service occasionally, so I installed its Apple Watch app to keep all my customized stations handy. I also wanted to catch up on the news of the day simply by glancing at the Apple Watch. A headline complication for the device’s Modular face makes this possible, but I was shocked at how few options exist. CNN is one, but the Washington Post is better. The Post’s Apple Watch app is a tiny adjunct to the newspaper’s iPhone and iPad apps, which rely on square photos or illustrations with overlaid text that tell a quick story. Tapping a graphic loads the corresponding article. On the Apple Watch, the square graphics are smaller, but still quite readable. Tapping the headline in the Modular face’s complication leads to one of the graphics. Tapping the graphic loads a mini-story that is enough to get you up to speed until you can pull out your iPhone or iPad for the full text. If you want to stay on the Apple Watch, you can scroll through a bunch of these textual mini articles or take the graphical approach by scrolling through a series of infographics as if they were a slide show. It’s really quite ingenious. Imagine me half-submerged in a swimming pool, basking in the tropical sun, while languidly flipping through the app’s picture stories to get a basic understanding of what was going on (with a mental note to follow up on the iPad later for a more complete picture). Alas, the Washington Post app sometimes failed to update, meaning the news headline shown in the complication was hours or days old, which caused me no end of frustration. I’d have to fiddle endlessly with the watch to get the app working again, exactly the sort of thing I had wanted to avoid on vacation. I had one other news app on the Apple Watch: National Public Radio’s NPR One app, which is the height of simplicity. Push an on-screen button to start audio playback, then flip through stories until you find something you like. It’s the perfect audio app for vacationing news junkies. The Apple Watch Series 2 is waterproof, so I kept it on my wrist even when I dove into the pool or plunged into the ocean. Grains of sand sometimes got stuck in its nooks and crannies, annoyingly, but I was otherwise delighted with my aquatic sidekick. I had two Apple Watch bands on my trip, a Nike-branded Sports Band and an Apple Woven Nylon band, but the sporty Nike band worked in every situation. AirPods -- I packed a pair of AirPods, thinking my wife and I could use them to watch videos together, each with one of the buds. It was a good idea, but we never got around to it. I adore the AirPods and use them nonstop at home, but I regret taking them on the trip because I was petrified about losing one or both — I lose stuff with astonishing ease. That didn’t happen, but in a cruel irony, I misplaced one of the AirPods after my trip. I’m pretty sure it’s in the house somewhere, but several weeks later, it has yet to reveal itself. I haven’t been able to find it with the new Find My AirPods feature because, in an epic bit of bad timing, I had unpaired the AirPods from my iPhone just prior to the loss. For the trip, I stuck with my trusty old LG HBS900 earphones, the kind that rest around the neck in a collar-like, open-in-the-front arrangement, with earbud cords sprouting from either side. They’re harder to lose than AirPods, and the rubber bud tips offer a better ear canal seal for use on a noisy plane. I’d take just these on my next trip. Gear from Outside Cupertino -- I used the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch as my primary technology arsenal, but I couldn’t resist a few extras from other companies. The iPad and iPhone are my main devices for reading ebooks, but they are nearly worthless in bright sunlight. That’s inconvenient on a tropical vacation. I fixed this problem by packing a Kindle Oasis, Amazon’s most compact ebook reader, which has a cover that doubles as a battery for more longevity. I used the Kindle a lot. I was paranoid about running out of juice, so I overdid it with the charging gear. The list here is long: Not one, not two, but three Apple 12W USB power adapters. It’s an illness, I know. The Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Portable Charger power pack with two USB ports for charging the iPhone and iPad on the go. It’s similar to Anker’s PowerCore+ 20100 USB-C Premium Ultra-High-Capacity Portable Charger, which I reviewed recently (See “MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience,” 10 March 2016). Nomad’s Car Charger with Battery, a gadget that plugs into a car accessory port for iPhone or Kindle charging and doubles as an external battery away from the car. Nomad’s NomadPlus for iPhone accessory that adds a small battery to Apple’s regular iPhone charging plug for phone charging on the go. The Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone, a smaller power pack with one USB port for on-the-go iPhone or Kindle charging, plus a built-in Apple Watch charging disc. One each of Nomad’s three Ultra Rugged Cable Series charging cables: the Lighting Cable, Battery Cable, and Universal Cable. I needed the Universal Cable, with its three interchangeable charging prongs – Lightning, USB-C, and micro-USB – to charge the Anker, Belkin, and Nomad products. (Note that I reviewed the Nomad cables along with the Belkin and Nomad chargers not long ago see “Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices,” 17 March 2017). Unsurprisingly, I went way overboard. I could have easily made do with the Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack, two Apple USB power adapters, and the Nomad Lightning and Universal Cables. For those keeping score, the Belkin Valet charged from the Nomad Universal Cable, which was plugged into a 12-watt Apple USB brick. The Valet charged the Apple Watch at night and I could bring it on outings in case some other device died. Another Apple USB plug and the Nomad Lightning cable charged the iPad by day and the iPhone by night. How’d I Do? -- Looking back on the trip, it’s clear that I was on the right track with leaving the Mac home and bringing the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. The Mac would also have caused me to want another charger and more cables and adapters — it was a relief not to have to think about all that. If you’ve been struggling to leave your Mac at home on a family trip, give it a try — I think you’ll find that it works out fine. However, my paranoia about power led me to overcompensate when it came to charging gear. One charger and cable for each device would have been more than enough, with some sort of external battery pack just in case. Hopefully I’ll get it right next time. And I promised my wife I won’t bring so many shoes, either.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Lightening the Vacation Tech Load To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon   2017-05-15 17:47 To really switch off and relax the first thing I'd leave at home is the Apple Watch. All this obsessing over constant notifications and keeping track of your steps is the pure opposite of relaxing to me. The iPhone probably would have to come along because of the phone part. But for real relaxation I'd silence it and put it in Do Not Disturb mode too. No text or tweet is that important. Finally, I'd definitely bring my Mac. It's a 2013 13" MBP, with an i7 and RAM/SSD fully max'ed out. It's small, light, and has 9 hours battery life. It can do everything without compromise (here's looking at you iPad "pro"), but it can also just sit in a corner giving me the reassurance that I could do anything if something really urgent pops up. I need one charger for my Mac. The iPhone can charge through the Mac so one iPhone cable should be fine. The iPhone charger is small and light so bringing it along for the extra flexibility should be ok. What definitely would stay at home is Apple Watch and iPad. Nothing they do the iPhone/Mac cannot get done better. Plus, less notifications/messages/recharging directly equates to more relaxing and enhances mindfulness which is what vacation IMHO should be all about. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:08 An interesting counterpoint to my story. Thanks for sharing! Reply Bob Galbreath  2017-05-15 22:20 You have several very good points but the idea that you consider your 13" MBP "small and light" leaves me and my 11" MBA speechless. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 23:57 Yeah, you definitely have a valid point. I used to have a 15" MBP so to me the 13" always felt (and still feels) very svelte. Of course the Air is another league when it comes to compact. I guess I always wanted a lot of performance and RAM/disk so to me the 13" MBP felt like an excellent compromise. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 15:02 On my last vacation, I snoozed Slack so I didn't get all the TidBITS and SlackBITS notifications on the Apple Watch, but I left other notifications on because our family was using messaging quite a bit. However, I did switch away from my normal Modular face to the jellyfish. Much more relaxing when checking the time. I almost always have work to do, or possible server emergencies to respond to, so it's very unusual for me not to travel with the MacBook Air. Reply Dan  2017-05-15 17:07 I used to bring a lot of tech on vacation with me, but for the last several years, I've gone the opposite direction, and now I bring next to nothing with me. My wife and I usually take cruises, so the Internet is slow, pricey, and spotty—conveniently inconvenient. Cell service is nonexistent when we aren't in port; when we're at sea, we have zero distractions. I can go several days without any internet access, at all. The iPad stays at home, and the iPhone is usually in the cabin safe. The only tech on me is a simple wristwatch. I work in the tech sector, and being able to completely unplug is a rare luxury. At sea, work can't reach me, because I'm out of the country with no internet connection. Family could reach me via the ship, in case of emergency. I realize that not everyone can vacation this way, but for me, it's bliss. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I once vacationed on Cooper Island in the British Virgin Islands. Small isle, just one resort and wilderness. No Internet (or so I thought). I realized on that trip that I *must* have Internet while on vacation or I'll be miserable. After my trip was over, I found out that if I had gone over to a particular spot on the resort grounds, I would have gained access to a super seekrit Wi-Fi network. Dang it! Reply Tommy Friedmann  2017-05-15 19:55 Very interesting. One item you didn't mention was email. You can get it on the iPad or iPhone but you also get all the spam and I have yet to find a way to sync and file messages to my Mac. What is the way to do it? Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I'm Google all the way, so Gmail and Inbox are pretty much the same on all devices. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:21 Tommy, I use Apple Mail on my iMac at home but have found that the Mail filtering works very poorly. I finally gave up on that, erased all the filters in Mail and instead, I went with my browser to my email provider and set up filters there. Those seem to work with my iPhone and in Mail. Admittedly, it is more tedious to set up a filter using Safari as my browser but I believe that the filtering is done no matter which device I use to read my mail. The spam is filtered because I set up filters for a pretty long list of items which appear frequently in spam. Usually, I look in Mail at what is in my spam folder and trash folder and then manually pick out the words which appear so frequently. To each his own but I have separate blocks for words like: shocking, cialis, viagra and many, many more. It was a pain in the tail to set up a block for each word but now is doing the job pretty well for me. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:03 Julio. Do you ever catch your wife rolling her eyes at the amount of stuff your travel with? A wise friend once told me to take half as much clothes and twice as much money as I think I am going to need. The same would go for your electronics. I love photography and frequently take a Canon camera with zoom from 24 to 840 equivalent but no additional lenses and when I broke that, I got by with my iPhone 6S. I defer the long email replies until I return home to my iMac. If someone is paying you to work on your vacation, I guess a laptop would be nice but that isn't a vacation is it? IMHO, the iPhone and a charger are all you need but obviously, you aren't I and vice versa. Thanks for the article anyway even if I do think you are going overboard. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:12 Yep, I might try your approach ... adding only a Bluetooth keyboard to occasionally use the phone as a mini-laptop. Reply Mac Bakewell  2017-05-15 22:38 I recently spent 8 weeks visiting in-laws in rural Thailand. I've been there scores of times and always used to lug my laptop along, but on my last 2 trips I took only my 64GB iPhone SE and a 2TB clone of my desktop on a pocket sized SSD. Never used the clone, yet managed to keep up with work, banking and bills, and volumes of daily correspondence managing family health crises on both sides of the Pacific. Never missed the laptop. Apps that helped make this possible include Gmail, Google Calendar, Dropbox, Notebooks, SmugMug, PDF Expert and PDFConverter. A familiarity with Markdown was also helpful, although not often esssntial. Another useful trick was the WiFi on my Canon, which made it possible to upload photos from the Canon to SmugMug via the iPhone. I should add that we now (finally!) have WiFi at home in Thailand, and that I always swap out my Verizon SIM in favor of a Thai phone and data provider. I like technology too, but stepping back from it and "being there," especially while away from one's usual routine, is good for the soul. Highly recommended. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 23 mins S&P 500 2,402.32 +11.42 (+0.48%) Dow 30 20,981.94 +85.33 (+0.41%) Nasdaq 6,149.67 +28.44 (+0.46%) Apple users are also vulnerable to WannaCry-type attacks, says cybersecurity expert Berkeley Lovelace Jr. CNBC May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Even Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) is vulnerable to massive cyberattacks like the one that just hit thousands of victims in at least 150 countries, a security risk management expert told CNBC on Monday. The comments came after Friday's global ransomware attacks which locked up computers running outdated versions of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) Windows in car factories, hospitals, shops and schools in several countries and demanded money from users. "That's a common misconception," Aleksandr Yampolskiy, founder and CEO of SecurityScorecard, said on " Squawk Box ," when asked if Apple users can't be affected by other cyberattacks. "It happens that this attack is targeting the Windows computers. ... But Apple is absolutely vulnerable to similar types of attacks." CNBC has reached out to Apple for comment. Yampolskiy added that users aren't any safer with their information or data in the cloud. "If you put things in a cloud, you depend on your third parties, you depend on your suppliers and if one of them gets hacked, you're in trouble," he said. President Donald Trump ordered his homeland security advisor to hold an emergency meeting Friday night to assess the threat posed by the attacks, a senior administration official told Reuters. — Reuters contributed to this report. More From CNBC How to tell if you're at risk from the massive cyberattack and what to do if you are Global cyberattack is certainly a ‘wake-up call’: Co-Founder Why firms need to stay up-to-date with cybersecurity Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple expert: 'Sell as soon as you hear about any big M&A activity' Business Insider Why You Won't Be Able to Buy an Apple Inc. iPhone 8 With 32GB of Storage -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features BGR News Apple wanted part of its new $5 billion campus to look like a laptop — here's how close it got Business Insider A Major Tesla Bull Sees the Company Blowing Through Cash and in a Brutal Battle With Apple The Street Bill Gates reveals what he'd study if he were a college freshman today Business Insider Here's how rich you'd be if you invested $1,000 in Amazon when it first went public Business Insider Sears tanks after CEO eviscerates top tool vendor he says is trying to cancel its contract Business Insider Here's how you can protect your PC from the 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Digital Trends What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, April 16 Yahoo Finance Video We could see flying cars at the 2020 Olympics Yahoo Finance A group of architects submitted this proposal for Trump's border wall that's a one-way sheet of plexiglass Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider White House officials were reportedly 'hiding in offices' after Trump's latest flub Business Insider Microsoft’s Windows 10 update looks fantastic, but will anyone care? Digital Trends TechCrunch Disrupt Live: Taking Stock Yahoo Finance Video Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence Ghetto Blaster: Do all the people that thought Hillary should hang for treason because she had some classified intelligence on her private server now believe that Trump should hang for treason for revealing classified info to the Russians? Just curious.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k
Share 10 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-15 Katy Perry 2017 Tour Dates And ‘Witness’ Album Release Revealed As ‘American Idol’ Rumors Intensify Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? Entertainment 2017-05-14 Kelly Clarkson Chooses Between ‘The Voice’ And ‘American Idol’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-15 South Carolina Teen Dies From Caffeine Overdose After Drinking Just Three Popular Drinks News 2017-05-15 Donald Trump Reportedly Revealed ‘Highly Classified Information’ To Russian Diplomats Last Week News 2017-05-15 Cop Overdoses On Drug Fentanyl Just By Brushing Powder Off His Shirt News 2017-05-15 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [UPDATED] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-16 Braun Strowman Injury Timeline A Work? WWE Rumors Suggest Return Date May Be Sooner Than Expected Basketball 2017-05-16 NBA Playoffs: Boston Celtics Defeat Washington Wizards, Advance To Eastern Conference Finals Basketball 2017-05-16 Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Thailand: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 5 Wrestling 2017-05-15 WWE News: Roman Reigns, Finn Balor Added To Next ‘Monday Night Raw’ Pay-Per-View Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-15 ‘The Legend Of Zelda’ Headed To Mobile, Plus New Pokemon Trading Card Game Technology 2017-05-15 US Department of Defense to Accelerate Its Windows 10 Upgrade Gaming 2017-05-15 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: ‘Captains Log: Day 4’ Video Released, May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Download Closer Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 Fake News Article Claims ‘FBI Finds Evidence Of Collusion. Trump Facing Impeachment,’ Gets 26K Facebook Likes BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 26 Children In Overturned Bus Crash On Interstate 95 In Harford County, Maryland BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 Jared McLemore’s Facebook Live Video In Memphis Setting Himself On Fire Gets 6.5K Views, Removed From Facebook BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’: What Was Behind Miss USA’s Controversial Remarks? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition Technology 10 0 0 May 14, 2017 iPhone 8 To Release Non-Voice-Operated Siri With Text, Image, Video Recognition Jovi Figueroa An improved Siri accompanies the new iPhone 8 at release date and adds value to iPhone 8’s hefty price. We’ve just learned from Forbes that Apple is poised to release what could be the most expensive smartphone to date. The anniversary iPhone, which the internet has dubbed the iPhone 8 or iPhone X, is said to release to the market with a $999 price tag for the 128 GB version and $1,099 for the 256 GB. If a 5.8-inch “no bezel, all OLED” screen and an A11 chipset doesn’t sound good enough for that huge a price for the iPhone 8, then maybe an all new and improved Siri could add some value to the package. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is all the rage now in various tech products, ranging from Samsung’s Bixby, Microsoft’s Cortana, Amazon’s Alexa, and, of course, Apple’s Siri. Siri has been a handy and novel piece of work that has been with the iPhone since the iOS 5 that shipped with the iPhone 4S. Ever since Siri released in 2011, Apple’s AI has already penetrated various Apple products from the iPhone and iPad, to the Apple TV and Apple Watch, and even in select cars through CarPlay. AI is taking over tech [Image by Zapp2Photo/Shutterstock.com] The current version of Siri available on iPhones and other Apple products right now provides conversational interaction with many applications. But according to Apple Insider, Apple is cooking up a new version of Siri for the iPhone—one that can interact with text messages and commands, images, and videos. Think Alexa cross SimSimi. This text-based Siri for the iPhone was first spotted in an Apple patent application published by the US Patent and Trademark Office, which reads the following. “Systems and processes for operating an intelligent automated assistant in a messaging environment are provided. In one example process, a graphical user interface (GUI) having a plurality of previous messages between a user of the electronic device and the digital assistant can be displayed on a display. The plurality of previous messages can be presented in a conversational view. User input can be received and in response to receiving the user input, the user input can be displayed as a first message in the GUI. A contextual state of the electronic device corresponding to the displayed user input can be stored. The process can cause an action to be performed in accordance with a user intent derived from the user input. A response based on the action can be displayed as a second message in the GUI.” If that’s not quite clear, Mac Rumors explains that essentially, it’s going to be a version of Siri that could respond to text, audio, images, and video fed to the iPhone app by the user. In a sample conversation between Siri and an iPhone user that accompanies the patent, it shows how you can ask Siri to perform regular functions through inputting text like “Tell John Smith I’ll be late” and asking for information like “Calories in a chocolate bar.” .@Apple invention details #Siri integration with #Messages https://t.co/A18Ot6lB7P pic.twitter.com/3l2vwhDkcM — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) May 11, 2017 What’s more interesting, however, with this new version of Siri for the iPhone, is that you can send images and videos as well and ask questions or assign tasks related to the media you feed your iPhone. An example would be a photo of a calling card that you can ask Siri to add to your contacts, or a photo of a car which you can ask Siri for its name and price. Mac Rumors also specifies other possible image-related inquiries such as “Where is this place?” and “What insect is this?” just like a more intelligent Google Images search engine. Another feature to this improved iPhone AI assistant is that conversations with Siri could now be saved, much like personal messages, so you can go back to previous inquiries made on your iPhone at any point. The Next Web also notes that this new patent is especially useful when accessing Siri on noisy environments or the library. It also makes Siri useful for hearing-impaired iPhone users. Talk to Siri without the need to talk [Image by Hadrian/Shutterstock.com] In January, DigiTimes first published a report via Mac Rumors about an “enhanced Siri” for next-generation iPhones and this could probably be it. We have yet to hear about a launch date or a launch OS for this new Siri, but it could be pretty big for the iPhone 8 as the “next-generation iPhone” poised to dominate the market if it releases alongside this improved AI assistant. iOS 11 for the new iPhone and iPad are also being kept under wraps so it’s possible that the enhanced Siri could also launch with the next iOS. The iPhone 8 is expected release to the market by September this year. [Featured Image by Oli Scarff/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Successfully Launches, Delivers Its Heaviest Payload To Date Share 10 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jovi Figueroa Tags: ai, alexa, ipad, iphone May 12, 2017 Kylie Jenner Accused Of Boob Job: Did She Admit To Being Made Of Plastic? [Rumors] May 12, 2017 California Paddle-Boarders Warned To ‘Calmly’ Exit Water: ‘Next to Approximately 15 Great White Sharks’ Comments LATEST HEADLINES Braun Strowman Injury Timeline A Work? WWE Rumors Suggest Return Date May Be Sooner Than Expected Seth Rich Murder: Julian Assange Retweets Story Claiming Slain DNC Staffer Leaked Emails To WikiLeaks Kris Jenner Shows No Sign Of Caitlyn On Mother’s Day Posts, Kardashian-Jenner Siblings Snub Estranged Father NBA Playoffs: Boston Celtics Defeat Washington Wizards, Advance To Eastern Conference Finals Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Thailand: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 5 Estacada Murder-Stabbing Update: Man Was Carrying Mother’s Decapitated Head When Grocery Assault Began Aaron Hernandez’s Fiancee Doesn’t Believe He Committed Murder Or Suicide ‘Southern Charm’ Kathryn Dennis Shares All Drugs Test Results Post-Rehab WWE News: Roman Reigns, Finn Balor Added To Next ‘Monday Night Raw’ Pay-Per-View South Carolina Teen Dies From Caffeine Overdose After Drinking Just Three Popular Drinks Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 19.5k 0 0 Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 8.6k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.2k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.5k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [UPDATED] 4.8k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 5.5k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Apple invests $200 million in scratch resistant glass Money is the first of $1 billion the company plans to spend on US-based companies from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund. May 15, 2017 by CP Staff Topics Business Operations General Operations Production Industries Electronics Government Manufacturing Tags apple Corning Inc. Gorilla Glass Kentucky manufacturing HARRODSBURG, Ky. — Apple says it will invest $200 million in a rural Kentucky facility that it credits with rescuing the company’s signature smartphone from a design flaw that would have led to scratched screens. The California-based company announced May 12 it would give the money to Corning Inc. to use at its facility in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. Apple and Corning first teamed up 10 years ago when former Apple CEO Steve Jobs ordered the plastic screen on the company’s first iPhone to be replaced with a scratch-resistant glass just a few months before the product was to launch. Since then, Corning says it has made 552 million square feet of its Gorilla Glass product for iPhones and iPads, or roughly enough glass to cover 10,000 football fields. “All of that work happened right here in Harrodsburg, and Apple owes you a big thank you,” Apple Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams told workers at Corning’s Harrodsburg facility. Williams said the money is the first of $1 billion the company plans to spend on US-based companies from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund. “It’s only fitting that the first commitment from that fund be for Corning and specifically for Harrodsburg, where so much of our history is,” Williams said. Williams was joined by US Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Corning CEO Wendell Weeks. Officials from both companies did not say if the money would bring more jobs to Kentucky, or if the state offered any tax incentives for the investment. Corning officials said the money would be used “to sustain” the 400 employees who work in Harrodsburg. Officials said the partnership between Apple and Corning has produced 1,000 jobs in the United States. It was the fourth major business investment in Kentucky this year. In January, Amazon announced it would spend $1.4 billion to build a worldwide cargo hub in northern Kentucky. Toyota has said it will spend $1.3 billion in its Georgetown plant that produces its flagship Camry sedan. And last month, Braidy Industries announced it would spend $1.3 billion to build an aluminum plant in eastern Kentucky. State taxpayers could pay nearly $100 million in tax incentives to those companies over the next 10 years if they meet projected goals with spending and job creation. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Apple turning failed Arizona glass plant into data centre Apple, GT Advanced close new Arizona glass plant DIRTT adds Corning Willow Glass to its interiors Corning is buying Samsung out of LCD glass venture Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website GM launches Maven car sharing service in New York Trump will be remembered as an all time great president: Lighthizer Manufacturers’ Outlook 2017 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by Services Subscribe to Print E-Newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending How a call from President Trump’s son-in-law started a scramble on NAFTA Telsa to sell solar roof tiles worldwide Most companies missing on metrics to boost employee performance Boeing halts testing of new 737 Max plane over engine issue NAFTA: Why Trump’s trade pick is moving slowly to confirmation What’s holding back self-driving cars? Human drivers Canadian leaders must prepare for the future: report Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full explanation' over claims Trump leaked 'highly-classified' intel to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays massive ransom Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after 'robbing a Sprint store' University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death with a hammer Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve to die Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, just nine months after the mother-of-three divorced her husband Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison him failed' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband's $65bn Ponzi scheme  Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into flames near a New Jersey airport How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy cold tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try staring at these 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead an unarmed black man Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point a weapon at them Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites The mysterious flashes of light coming from earth even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a fighter jet during the Gulf War Previous Next 'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montag's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills By Chelsea White For Dailymail.com Published: 18:05 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 19:48 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 15 View comments He may soon be a dad, but this star is still just as extra as ever. Spencer Pratt has revealed he plans to make sure his first child with Heidi Montag has the most celebrity name ever. The 33-year-old sat down with Askmen.com and shared his fears, hopes and determination to make sure his child has more of a Hollywood moniker than Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter Apple. Move over Apple: Spencer Pratt has revealed he plans to make sure his first child with Heidi Montag (pictured January) has the most celebrity name ever The former Hills star said:  'We have a lot of names in mind. I plan on crowd sourcing on social media and maybe doing like an iPhone giveaway for whoever comes up with the name. I'm gonna give them an iPhone 8 or something because I need a banger name.  'Heidi has her favorite but I don't think we can commit this early in the game. I definitely want to be stunting on Gwyneth Paltrow - flashy, flashy name that isn't even in a Google search.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her... 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant... 'It's a BOY!' Pregnant Heidi Pratt reveals she started... Pregnant Heidi Pratt shows off her growing baby bump in cute... Share this article Share The reality star wants his son to have a 'banger name' as he plans on having a making 'superstar' and will do so by getting his son doing as many activities as possible to find what he is best at. 'I'll try out everything from dance to chess to squash to fencing to hacking... I'll definitely let them try out everything they can and see what they're superb at. That's one thing that I feel like I didn't do - try more things.' 'I plan on crowd sourcing on social media': The star said his first born needs a 'flashy, flashy name that isn't even in a Google search' Shine bright: The reality star (pictured last month) wants his son to have a 'banger name' as he plans on having a making 'superstar' and will do so by getting his son doing as many activities as possible to find what he is best at Go for classic cool in Converse sneakers like Heidi $55 Converse Chuck Taylor Sneakers Buy now at Net-a-Porter Buy now Spring has sprung and my gosh aren't are closets pleased for it! We're praising the blue skies as we look to overhaul our style, lighter and shorter, carefree and fun. We love this look on The Hills alum Heidi Montag, the relaxed boyfriend jeans paired with a ivory sweater is perfect transition weather style. She's finished it off with a pair of eternally classic and crisp Converse sneakers too. We love her classic Chuck Taylor canvas shoes. The style have been around for decades and never go out of style. They lend a casual and clean look to so many types of outfits. Shop the exact style Heidi is wearing for just $55 at Net-a-Porter. We also have some similar picks in the edit below. * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET A PAIR LIKE THEM! $39.95 Keds Champion canvas sneakers at Zappos Buy now $39.97 Converse Chuck Taylor ballet sneaker Buy now $50 Vans Winston sneakers at JC Penney Buy now $39.50 Superga Criptape canvas sneakers Buy now But Spencer said he does not want his little boy seeing how his mom and dad became stars with The Hills banned in his house. 'Hell no [I'll let my children watch]! They'd just lose brain cells. I'm trying to have really smart kids. With all due respect to Heidi and I, we cannot afford any less brain cells than they're already starting with at the gateway.' If his son does get his hand on a few episodes, Spencer is not worried as The Hills is 'so hoaky'. 'They'd lose brain cells!': But Spencer (seen on The Hills in 2006) said he does not want his little boy seeing how his mom and dad became stars with The Hills banned in his house 'If anything, I'll be more concerned if like, I'm A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here - that's where we lost the plot in the jungle. That's more something that's like, ''Whoa! Daddy was crazy in the jungle.'' While the dad-to-be was the same old crystal-loving over-the-top Spencer when he was talking names, deep down when it comes to his new addition he is a big softy. Very excited: The star (pictured last year) revealed he passed out multiple times after seeing his little boy in during the ultrasound The star revealed he passed out multiple times after seeing his little boy in during the ultrasound. Giving his tips to other dads-to-be he said: 'Definitely when you go to the ultrasound appointment, don't be standing. I recommend sitting or lying down because there's a good chance you will faint. 'I've fainted twice now. So yeah, I would say don't think you're just going to be standing looking at the image like you're just watching Netflix. 'Heidi is a little nervous about me being in there after me fainting a couple of times, but if anything I'll probably be sitting in a wheelchair.' While Heidi is making sure to be very prepared by reading books and studying up for the birth, Spencer says while he is 'over-the-moon' it is still 'terrifying to imagine' being a dad. He told askmen.com: 'Honestly, I'm just so paranoid… I'm such a Nervous Nelly. I just want a healthy baby. There's too much wild stuff going down with babies. ' While at first Spencer admits to being focused on having a boy, he said after hearing about Jimmy Kimmel's baby's heart condition he is just praying for a healthy baby. 'Like, who cares about gender. I just want my baby to be healthy and have a strong heart. I'm past gender. I just want a healthy baby... Girl or boy, it would be off the hook. If it was a girl, we would have created a Ronda Rousey 2.0 but it's a boy, so he'll be the next Chris Pratt.' Adjustment period: While Heidi is making sure to be very prepared by reading books and studying up for the birth, Spencer says while he is 'over-the-moon' it is still 'terrifying to imagine' being a dad     Read more: Spencer Pratt On Expecting His First Child - AskMen Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Angry woman goes on racist tirade against couple fishing in her area Police in Baltimore discover toddler in car of man shot dead Brad Grey attends The Gambler premiere with Wahlberg in 2014 Carson Huey-You, 14, is the youngest student to graduate from TCU Heartwarming mother-daughter pit bull reunion at ASPCA Houston Rockets' kiss cam fail: Man gets friend-zoned in viral video A man accused of theft is shot by police live on television Miss District of Columbia crowned Miss USA 2017 Andy Cohen shows off his new Steve Harvey doorbell Golfers watch on as huge alligator chows down on fish Mother speaks out after 'babysitter caused child brain damage' Aaron Hernandez's fiancée thinks suicide note could be fake Absolute beginner! Never-before-seen photograph of... Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement... Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair... Newlywed mother, 41, missing at sea after a catamaran... Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled... Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the... 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from... University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an... Registered sex offender dubbed 'Dragon Emmetts' 'broke... From a heroin addict to an Oscar-nominated screenwriter:... Neurosurgeon and his nurse are arrested for 'sexually... Middle school security guard 'had sex with a 14-year-old... Mom charged with manslaughter of her underweight autistic... 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up... Former chaplain at elite New England boarding school gets... Arizona mother 'swaps baby formula contents with flour to... Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police... They tortured our son and treated him as roadkill:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 15 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live     DON'T MISS 'I'm a f**ked up, horrible sex addict': Scott Disick admits he has a problem after being branded 'disrespectful' by his ex Kourtney Kardashian Très chic! As Cannes Film Festival kicks off on Wednesday, FEMAIL takes a look back at the most memorable red carpet ensembles from festivals past The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Orlando Bloom's mother denies her son is racist as she admits phoning a gipsy association to apologize after he used offensive word on radio show Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game Their reign is over! Scream Queens with Emma Roberts and Lea Michele has been canceled by Fox The announcement was made on Monday  Kelly Rohrbach ditches her iconic red swimsuit for a chic white bandeau dress as she attends Baywatch photo call in Miami All white on the night Plastic fantastic! Instagram model Pia Muehlenbeck looks nothing like her old modelling photos as she flaunts VERY taut features  'Best Mother's Day EVER'! Friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin enjoy a day out at the Museum Of Ice Cream in LA with Apple and Moses  Princess Anne's son-in-law Mike Tindall reveals how he and wife Zara were comforted by their three-year-old daughter as he talks about their miscarriage  Glee's Matthew Morrison reveals wife is very supportive when it comes to shooting sex scenes... as he talks about 'intimate moment' with Cara Delevingne 'Let's honor dad's too!' Drew Barrymore pays tribute to 'awesome' ex Will Kopelman on Mother's Day On good terms with former husband Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt Earning his Dad Points! Orlando Bloom reveals going back to Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise gained him some serious kudos with his six-year-old son Flynn Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe 'You are our strength': Kim Kardashian shares gushing social media tribute to mother Kris Jenner in a series of sentimental Instagram posts on Mother's Day B**** better have my pants: Rihanna wears leotard with leather chap boots which reveal a glimpse of her derriere as she storms stage in Milan James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'Please be kind to me!' Naked Diet chef Tess Ward pleads with Harry Styles' fans to go easy on her as relationship with pop heartthrob heats up Victoria Beckham flashes a rare smile in perfectly co-ordinated blue ensemble at airport as she labels herself a 'control freak' Full of the joys of spring Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with her twins ...before heading out for date night with new beau Alex Rodriguez Ab-flashing Lady Gaga rocks two quirky eye-catching looks as she bonds with sartorially savvy mom Cynthia on Mother's Day in New York 'I am not ashamed of my body': Chloe Lattanzi breaks her silence after trainwreck TV interview... as she is trolled for 'looking like a porn star' 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Mariah Carey displays her ample cleavage in plunging tuxedo mini dress as she celebrates Mother's Day with her ex Nick Cannon and children in Malibu Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom Mega budget King Arthur flops with $14 million opening as Guardians Of The Galaxy continues to dominate the box office Not as expected Megan Fox dresses down in sweats for a Mother's Day lunch out in Malibu with husband Brian Austin Green and their nine-month-old son Journey 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami 'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Is that a French kiss? Amber Rose frolics with Montana in black lacy in a very sexy fishnet one-piece as they hit the beach in Miami Flirting friends Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky Miami heat! Bikini-clad Quantico star Priyanka Chopra spends Mother's Day with friends at the beach after Baywatch premiere Kept herself covered 'It's not too late to sue!' Will Ferrell remembers accidentally punching Ellen DeGeneres in the face during SNL rehearsal Bruising confession Practically perfect in every way! Lin-Manuel Miranda displays his vocal prowess on a bike as he and Emily Blunt resume filming for Mary Poppins sequel  Dark horse: Katy Perry 'set to become new American Idol anchor judge as deal is almost finalized' Been in negotiations as show set for comeback 'I don't have anything to protect myself': 50 Cent's caretaker begs police to hurry in panicked 911 call during raid on Connecticut mansion Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Jaden and Willow Smith enjoy Mother's Day meal at Nobu in Malibu with their mom Jada Pinkett-Smith and grandmother Adrienne Banfield-Jones Shades of gray! Crown Princess Victoria is impeccably co-ordinated in head-to-toe neutrals as she visits Sweden's science academy Stylish mom-of-two is 39 'I was completely broken': Camila Cabello reveals 'dark time' 'full of pain' that led to split from Fifth Harmony as she announces first single Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment... two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman Fit for a princess! The Crown's Vanessa Kirby dazzles in ethereal Bardot evening gown at on red carpet in London... amid Tom Cruise romance rumors Clip it low! Christina Milian flaunts bountiful bust in unbuttoned blouse as she goes Mother's Day shopping Looked like she was having a great time Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together She's glowing! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley nails maternity chic in pretty Bardot dress as she steps out in Malibu Expecting her first child Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumors continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled Love and Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee is kicked off Delta flight in Atlanta after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' Headed to Miami  Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear  'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed 'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favorite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out $10 million on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer 'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Today's headlines Most Read You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing... Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full... Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on... Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays... Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after... University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating... White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is... United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day... Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death... Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve... Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her... Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison... Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars... Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into... How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy, cold, tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try... 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead... Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a... What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will... 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point... Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a... Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted... 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men... Award-winning crime reporter Javier Valdez is gunned down in Mexico's violent Sinaloa state as wave of... Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the... MORE HEADLINES Thailand threatens to prosecute Facebook for running a video of the country's heavily tattooed king walking through a shopping mall in a tiny yellow crop-top  Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband National Security Advisor McMaster DENIES Trump leaked ‘highly classified’ information to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting – the day after he fired FBI director Comey Student left with horrific scars after trying to remove tattoo by PEELING ink from her skin in laser-free method that left her in 'torturous pain' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband’s $65bn Ponzi scheme  'I need to take a shower': What President's counselor said after she had finished defending Trump, according to Morning Joe hosts who claim she secretly hates her boss and is just after the money  Jilted boyfriend gang-rapes ex-girlfriend with six other men then drives a car over her head to stop her being identified before leaving her for dogs to eat in India  EXCLUSIVE: How Hollywood's greatest leading man Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and relied on 100 experimental LSD trips to cope after learning that his missing mother was in an insane asylum It pays to know the First Kid: Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the government - and burned the dead bodies in a giant crematorium, US administration claims Mysterious sea creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach was a decomposing baleen whale, scientists reveal  Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Outraged conservatives on social media call for boycott of ABC after TV network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen Putin tells the West to ‘stop intimidating NORTH KOREA’: Astonishing comment just hours after Kim Jong-un launches ‘nuclear-capable’ missile  Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch British backpacker, 26, accidentally hanged herself in a Thai apartment to 'frighten' her boyfriend after a 'silly row', inquest told University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class Heart-breaking moment a whimpering toddler is pulled from a scorching hot car over an hour after her father was shot dead in front of her, as homicide rates in Baltimore reach 'crisis point' The end of the Old West in color: Stunning images show people still traveling by horse and cart, water pulled from old wells and families enjoying county fairs as the 20th Century took grip Model home! Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' 'This is the great negotiator?' Donald cheerleader Ann Coulter admits she's frightened that the Trump-haters were right after his 'joke' budget - and says his hiring Ivanka and Jared Kushner was 'fascist' White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay MOST READ IN DETAIL Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann The Day the Music Died, Hello Alexa Calling - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-15 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods View All Editorials → Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 5 minute read May 15th, 2017 2:54 PM EDT | Product News Apple squashed 30 security holes in macOS Sierra with the release of macOS 10.12.5 on Monday. The company’s security notes indicate the update addressed a wide variety of issues in its Mac operating system, many of which are serious. Flaws would have allowed the bad guys to capture network credentials, gain root control of your Mac, or read data stored in memory that is supposed to be protected. These patches were included in macOS 10.12.5, but Apple also released standalone security updates for El Capitan and Yosemite: Security Update 2017-002 El Capitan Security Update 2017-002 Yosemite In addition to the two direct links above, all three updates can be found in the Mac App Store, depending on which version of the operating system you’re running. macOS Sierra 10.12.5, Security Update 2017-002 El Capitan, and Security Update 2017-002 Yosemite Released May 15, 2017 802.1X Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: A malicious network with 802.1X authentication may be able to capture user network credentials Description: A certificate validation issue existed in EAP-TLS when a certificate changed. This issue was addressed through improved certificate validation. CVE-2017-6988: Tim Cappalli of Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise company Accessibility Framework Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain system privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-6978: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero CoreAnimation Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: Processing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: A memory consumption issue was addressed through improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2527: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero CoreAudio Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. CVE-2017-2502: Yangkang (@dnpushme) of Qihoo360 Qex Team DiskArbitration Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 and OS X El Capitan v10.11.6 Impact: An application may be able to gain system privileges Description: A race condition was addressed with additional filesystem restrictions. CVE-2017-2533: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative HFS Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. CVE-2017-6990: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative iBooks Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: A maliciously crafted book may open arbitrary websites without user permission Description: A URL handling issue was addressed through improved state management. CVE-2017-2497: Jun Kokatsu (@shhnjk) iBooks Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with root privileges Description: An issue existed within the path validation logic for symlinks. This issue was addressed through improved path sanitization. CVE-2017-6981: evi1m0 of YSRC (sec.ly.com) iBooks Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-6986: evi1m0 of YSRC (sec.ly.com) & Heige (SuperHei) of Knownsec 404 Security Team Intel Graphics Driver Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2503: sss and Axis of 360Nirvan team IOGraphics Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2545: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative IOSurface Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-6979: Adam Donenfeld of Zimperium zLabs Kernel Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2494: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero Kernel Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges Description: A race condition was addressed through improved locking. CVE-2017-2501: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero Kernel Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. CVE-2017-2507: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero CVE-2017-2509: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero CVE-2017-6987: Patrick Wardle of Synack Kernel Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. CVE-2017-2516: Jann Horn of Google Project Zero Kernel Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2546: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative Multi-Touch Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2542: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative CVE-2017-2543: 360 Security (@mj0011sec) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative NVIDIA Graphics Drivers Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to gain kernel privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-6985: Axis and sss of Nirvan Team of Qihoo 360 and Simon Huang (@HuangShaomang) of IceSword Lab of Qihoo 360 Sandbox Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2512: Federico Bento of Faculty of Sciences, University of Porto Security Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox Description: A resource exhaustion issue was addressed through improved input validation. CVE-2017-2535: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative Speech Framework Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox Description: An access issue was addressed through additional sandbox restrictions. CVE-2017-2534: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative Speech Framework Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: An application may be able to escape its sandbox Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-6977: Samuel Groß and Niklas Baumstark working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative SQLite Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: A use after free issue was addressed through improved memory management. CVE-2017-2513: found by OSS-Fuzz SQLite Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: A buffer overflow issue was addressed through improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2518: found by OSS-Fuzz CVE-2017-2520: found by OSS-Fuzz SQLite Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: A maliciously crafted SQL query may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2519: found by OSS-Fuzz SQLite Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4 Impact: Processing maliciously crafted web content may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with improved input validation. CVE-2017-6983: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative CVE-2017-6991: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative TextInput Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: Parsing maliciously crafted data may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2524: Ian Beer of Google Project Zero WindowServer Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to gain system privileges Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed with improved memory handling. CVE-2017-2537: Chaitin Security Research Lab (@ChaitinTech) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative CVE-2017-2541: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative CVE-2017-2548: Team Sniper (Keen Lab and PC Mgr) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative WindowServer Available for: macOS Sierra 10.12.4, OS X El Capitan v10.11.6, and OS X Yosemite v10.10.5 Impact: An application may be able to read restricted memory Description: A validation issue was addressed with improved input sanitization. CVE-2017-2540: Richard Zhu (fluorescence) working with Trend Micro’s Zero Day Initiative Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, macOS, macOS 10.12.5, OS X El Capitan, OS X Yosemite, security You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Alexa Calling: Amazon Adds Voice Calling to Echo, Echo Dot A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? Jeff Butts | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.70 -0.40 (-0.26%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 with USB Headphone Bug Fix, More RAW Formats Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut 4 Tricks for Using Bookmarks Folders in Safari How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Recent Editorials See All » Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member 17036 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1494860091 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann The Day the Music Died, Hello Alexa Calling - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-15 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods View All Editorials → Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 15th, 2017 5:24 PM EDT | News Apple reportedly has plans to bring blood glucose monitoring to the Apple Watch, and the company wants to launch a line of specialized function smart watchbands for the device, too. Details—like when the new features will come—are pretty scarce right now, but the idea is interesting. Apple may be bringing non-invasive blood glucose monitoring to Apple Watch This new report comes from a single unnamed source speaking with Boy Genius Report who says Apple wants to help curb the growing diabetes issues in the United States. The source also says Apple has hired 200 PhDs in the past year for its health tech team. While BGR’s source may be slim on details, what they said does fit with information we already have. Word of Apple’s non-invasive glucose monitoring plans surfaced in April, and the company has apparently been working on its technology for the past five years. Apple also has a long list of industry experts on its payroll such as Michael O’Reilly MD who was the Chief Medical Officer at Masimo, Ravi Narasimhan who served as vice president of research at the biomedical sensor company Vital Connect, Nancy Dougherty who was in charge of hardware at the transdermal medicine delivery company Sano, Ueyn Block who was director of optics and systems engineering at C8 MediSensors. Assuming Apple is working on a non-invasive blood glucose sensor, it won’t necessarily end up in the Apple Watch itself. Instead, it may be an accessory in the form of a smart band. The kind of sensor Apple is working on will no doubt require FDA approval, and that’s not a path the company wants to head down with its smartwatch. What’s more likely is the sensor will end up in a smart band that can go through the FDA’s approval process without impacting Apple Watch release schedules. Putting the sensor on a band also helps keep the watch cost down. Anyone who needs glucose monitoring can buy the band as an accessory. The BGR report may not have much in the way of details, but it does fit with Apple’s plan to play a bigger role in the health market. It also raises the possibility that Apple may be looking at turning the Apple Watch into a modular system so users can create exactly the device they need. No leaked parts often means no new updates in the near future. If that holds true for Apple Watch, don’t expect to see smartbands and glucose sensors this fall. Those are more likely 2018 releases at the earliest. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple Watch, glucose, Health, sensor, smartwatch You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Alexa Calling: Amazon Adds Voice Calling to Echo, Echo Dot A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too One Comment Add a comment BurmaYank May 15, 2017 A galvanic skin response measurement capability with an Apple watch (band) system might make possible: – detection of dangerous cardiac dysrhtmia episodes (VFib etc.), &/or – a much more reliable & useful sleep monitor system (than those merely using motion-detection) if REM & other EEG-based sleep phases could be inferred from those remote wrist skin voltage fluctuations. May 15, 2017 at 9:26 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? Jeff Butts | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.70 -0.40 (-0.26%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 with USB Headphone Bug Fix, More RAW Formats Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut 4 Tricks for Using Bookmarks Folders in Safari How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Recent Editorials See All » Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member 17093 Jeff Gamet news 1 1494869071 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann The Day the Music Died, Hello Alexa Calling - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-15 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods View All Editorials → A Glimpse Into Microsoft’s Future John Martellaro @jmartellaro 4 May 12th, 2017 5:50 PM EDT | Particle Debris Page 2 – News Debris For The Week Of May 8th The Need for Speed The new Microsoft Laptop is a beautiful looking computer. It creates in the customer’s mind an appreciation for the practical, level-headed competition Microsoft brings to the table in an era when Apple isn’t updating its own laptops as often as it used to. But just how well does the Surface Laptop stack up against Apple’s offerings? Jason Snell at Macworld looks at specs and prices of the various models of the Microsoft Surface Laptop and compares to Apple’s MacBook Air, MacBook and MacBook Pro. The results shouldn’t surprise us, but in some ways they do, especially in Apple’s favor. You’ll want to check out: “How does the Surface Laptop stack up to Apple’s notebooks?” Surface Laptop. Great looking. But how does it stack up against MacBooks? Image credit: Microsoft. Along these lines, here’s a sensible, sober observation from Dan Moren that echoes my own feelings. “Why Apple’s laptops could use a little less innovation at the moment.” Subtitle: “Apple should take a cue from Microsoft’s new Surface Laptop and focus on speed, not gimmicks.” Dan makes some great observations. In my own experience, I agree that Apple got too immersed in design and the company lost sight of the fact they were locking their customers into an uncomfortable sales proposition. Packing great power into a mobile MacBook Pro is expensive. One can easily pay US$3,000 for a 15-inch, quad-core, top-of-the-line MacBook Pro. However, backing off to a less expensive 13-inch, dual core MBP, makes one worry. Is it fast enough to meet future needs? To be the only Mac? With the Apple design advantage evaporating, competitors could turn their attention to an emphasis on performance. When a customer only has so many dollars to spend, performance often wins even if that means using Windows 10. Apple could address this issue with a newfound obsession for notebook performance. See: “With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier.” More Debris… Any computer historian will tell us that there’s been an endless succession of connected devices intended to sit on our desks and solve our problems. Where we (and the products) often go wrong is in the assumption that the product will last for a long time. That’s just not how technology works. This is how I feel about the Amazon Echo and similar devices from Google and Microsoft. And maybe even Apple starting in June. See: “Apple employees are reportedly testing the ‘Siri speaker’ inside their homes.” These devices are just the beginning of voice assistants and the AIs that will weave themselves into our lives. If you’re optimistic about their longevity, however, take a trip down memory lane and recall the 3Com Audrey. “Amazon’s Echo Show stands on the shoulders of these failed internet appliances.” That’s not to say the Echo and similar products will fail. But they will evolve quickly. Even family service robots as mobile AIs won’t be the end point. The rapid evolution of this technology gives one pause about where it’ll all go next. Meanwhile, it’s not too soon to reserve a place on the bookcase for one of your early voice assistant cylinders—so you can reminisce about the old days. The Apple Watch has a staggering potential, yet untapped. Finally, Jeff Byrnes looks at the Apple acquisition of Beddit, the sleep tracker and predicts that “Your Apple Watch Will Soon Become Your Favorite Sleep Tracker.” Previously, we’ve seen reports about Apple’s work to allow the Apple Watch to measure blood glucose. Add sleep tracking to the mix, and soon the Apple Watch will have the critical mix of capability that will make it a truly indispensable, and sales will then skyrocket. Apple’s plans for the Apple Watch shouldn’t be underestimated. ______________________ Particle Debris is a generally a mix of John Martellaro’s observations and opinions about a standout event or article of the week (preamble on page one) followed on page two by a discussion of articles that didn’t make the tmo headlines, the technical news debris. The column is published most every Friday except for holidays. Pages: Previous Page 1 2 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AI, Apple Watch, AR, MacBook Pro, Microsoft, VR You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Alexa Calling: Amazon Adds Voice Calling to Echo, Echo Dot A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Comments Add a comment NEALC5 May 12, 2017 Whether you like Microsoft or not, this proves that Apple has “won”. Steve Jobs was right. Technological “design” is just as important as the function. It didn’t seem that way in the early 1990’s, but now, everyone expects their computers and software to look as good as they function. This is to everyone’s benefit, and it was Apple, Steve Jobs and Jony Ive who should get most of the credit. May 12, 2017 at 6:07 EDT PM Lee Dronick May 12, 2017 There will need to be a way to rapidly charge an Apple Watch if you are going to wear it day and night. Maybe the Night Watch will be a different gadget than the Watch. May 12, 2017 at 9:00 EDT PM aardman May 13, 2017 It seems to me that most people, both laymen and experts, base (perhaps unconsciously) their predictions and prognostications about future devices on what Hollywood has envisioned in movies and television. So with home snoops/busybodies like Echo we probably have HAL and the Star Trek starship computer in mind. With gesture and holographic interface, Minority Report is the touchstone for most people. We have to remember one thing though, this is Hollywood imagining and their speculative portrayal of these technologies is skewed by the requirement to make it visually and aurally entertaining to the viewing audience. When Captain Picard talks to the onboard computer, the conversation has to be completely fluent and accessible to us, the audience watching the show. When Tom Cruise gestures in Minority Report, the director not surprisingly wants a visually appealing shot with large, crisp, screen-filling arm movements. In real life though, will people really want to talk out loud to a cylinder? Do they want their ‘conversation’ with Alexa or Siri to be audible to everyone else in the room? Will they want these snoops to be on standby 24-7 listening to every word said in the house (and relaying it to Messrs Brin, Page, Bezos and Zuckerberg)? How about gesture and holographic interfaces? Who will want to swing their arms about every time they need to work on the computer? In truth, don’t people want to be as economical as possible with their input gestures? Fingers only please, and as much as possible with the shortest strokes that I can get away with. And 3D images/icons floating in air in what can only be described as a patternless jumble. How does that make working on a computer easier? Isn’t the point of a computer to organize and systematize information so that it is easier to process and comprehend? Why is ‘ephemeral’ an adjective that anyone would want to associate with making information better organized and more accessible? I don’t want ephemeral, I want clear and concrete. Of course this is the Hollywood influence coming on in a full-throated roar when the designers want to impress us with their gee-whiz demos and simulations. In reality, after about 10 minutes when the novelty wears off, interfaces need to be as unobtrusive as possible, perhaps they need to be pleasant but they definitely need to get out of the way. May 13, 2017 at 12:40 EDT AM John Martellaro May 13, 2017 aardman: Thanks for that amazing, cogent, articulate reader feedback above. It’s one of the best I’ve received since I joined The Mac Observer. May 13, 2017 at 1:23 EDT PM brilor May 14, 2017 @aardman: Agreed and thank for sharing those well-considered thoughts. IMO, Apple’s Mac UI has lost some of its simplicity and usefulness by hiding/obfuscating UI elements. Despite contrary statements by Apple executives, this feels like the groundwork for merging at least iOS and macOS, and such an overall goal might not allow the best user UI choices. Managing other UI bases ( like AR, 3-D etc. ) will be very challenging particularly when it needs to be accessible and simple. I’m hoping Apple will review and improve its 2D interfaces before merging them with others. May 14, 2017 at 2:49 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? Jeff Butts | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.70 -0.40 (-0.26%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 with USB Headphone Bug Fix, More RAW Formats Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut 4 Tricks for Using Bookmarks Folders in Safari How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Recent Editorials See All » Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member 16970 John Martellaro columns-opinions 5 1494611431 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
May 15, 2017 | 77° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Top News Man thanks iPhone’s Siri for saving his life in explosion Associated Press Posted May 15, 2017 May 15, 2017 Updated May 15, 2017 11:30am ASSOCIATED PRESS An Apple iPhone 6s Plus smartphone was displayed, in Sept.2015, at the Apple store at The Grove in Los Angeles. WILMOT, N.H. >> A New Hampshire man who was injured in a house explosion is thanking Siri for saving his life. Christopher Beaucher says he was checking on his mother’s vacant cottage in Wilmot on May 1 when he saw something suspicious and went inside. He tells WMUR-TV when he switched on a light, the house exploded. “The whole place caught fire,” Beaucher said. “Part of it collapsed while I was in it during the initial explosion, so I couldn’t really tell where I was.” Beaucher’s face and hands were badly burned. He grabbed his cellphone but was unable to dial because of his injuries. He says he somehow asked his iPhone’s voice-controlled virtual assistant Siri to call 911, believing he was going into shock A spokeswoman for Apple said Monday that statistics on Siri being used for emergencies weren’t available, but noted some recent emergencies in which it was used. Those include three boaters off the Florida coast in April who used the water-resistant phone when their craft capsized; a 4-year-old boy from London who used his mother’s thumb to unlock her iPhone and called Siri after she collapsed at home in March; and a man in Vancouver who collapsed, became paralyzed, and was able to use his tongue to use Siri. Beaucher is undergoing treatment for his injuries and says he hopes to return to his job as a cook and tend to his farm. “I’m very, very, extremely lucky to be alive,” he said. The New Hampshire state fire marshal’s office is investigating the explosion. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read ‘Peter Boy’s’ siblings shocked by publication of e-book Report: Trump shared secret info about IS with Russians Man holding human head stabs store clerk; mother found dead Vinegar, heat are best way to treat man-of-war stings, UH study finds ERS might up its ante on Maui golf courses Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library Lightening the Vacation Tech Load TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Email | 15 May 2017 | Print  ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017 by TidBITS Staff In ExtraBITS this week, it seems like Amazon Prime Video is heading to the Apple TV, the Apple Watch could potentially prevent a stroke, and MacPaw has taken possession of Tekserve’s legendary Apple hardware collection. Is the Apple/Amazon Video Feud Over? -- BuzzFeed’s John Paczkowski reports that Apple and Amazon have reached an agreement that will bring Amazon Prime Video to the Apple TV and put the Apple TV back in Amazon’s store. The deal will reportedly be announced at the WWDC keynote next month. Recode previously reported on the rumor, making it sufficiently substantial to pass on. If everything pans out, the Apple TV’s content lineup will become significantly more compelling. The agreement also raises the broader question of whether Apple is adjusting some App Store policies to be more accommodating to competing digital retailers. Read/post comments Apple Watch Can Detect Abnormal Heart Rhythms -- The eHeart study at the University of California, San Francisco has shown that a “deep neural network” fed data from the Apple Watch app Cardiogram was 97 percent accurate in detecting the most common type of abnormal heart rhythm, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation causes about 25 percent of strokes and two-thirds of those strokes are preventable with relatively inexpensive drugs, making this potentially life-saving news. Cardiogram and UCSF plan to further validate the neural network’s findings against external data and incorporate the results into the Cardiogram app itself. The team also intends to see if the system can detect health conditions beyond atrial fibrillation. Read/post comments MacPaw Bought the Tekserve Apple Collection -- When legendary New York City Apple reseller Tekserve closed its doors in August 2016, many wondered where its collection of Apple relics would end up. The good news is that our friends at MacPaw quietly purchased the entire collection to display at their Ukrainian office. The next time you’re in Kyiv, be sure to swing by for a tour, which includes a 128K Mac signed by Steve Wozniak, a NeXTcube, and other pieces of Apple history. Read/post comments   Fujitsu ScanSnap Scanners — Save your business time and money with our easy-to-use small ScanSnap Scanner line. Eliminate paper piles by scanning documents, business cards, and receipts. Visit us at: <http://budurl.me/sstb>    Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Staff TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 4 Reasons Not to Install macOS Sierra and 9 Reasons You Should Josh Smith05/15/2017 Here are the reasons not to install macOS Sierra and the reasons you should upgrade to macOS Sierra 10.12.5 today. For most users the reasons to install macOS Sierra outweigh the drawbacks, but for there are still some important reasons to wait– even for smaller updates. Some users may be tempted to wait for the macOS Sierra 10.13 update that we expect Apple will announce at WWDC in June and likely release later this fall, but it is premature to wait for this major upgrade before moving to macOS Sierra. The macOS Sierra update brings more than just a brand new name for the software that runs on your Mac, MacBook, and iMac. This latest update adds new MacBook Emoji and other important updates. The macOS Sierra 10.12.4 update adds Night Shift to your Mac and the new macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update adds several reasons to update. Apple began automatically downloading the macOS Sierra update to many computers earlier this year and you may see it show up on your Mac unexpectedly. This is prompting more users to install macOS Sierra even though it is not a required upgrade. Since the announcement last fall, we’ve seen the macOS Sierra 10.12.1, 10.12.2, 10.12.3, 10.12.4 update and the macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update that is now live. If you haven’t upgraded or installed the latest updates. You can also choose to sign up for the macOS beta if you want to test out the next version. What you need to know about the latest macOS Sierra updates. Many users are asking if they should upgrade from OS X El Capitan to macOS Sierra or upgrade from OS X Yosemite to macOS Sierra and this will help you make that decision based on your specific situation. Here’s Why You Should Update to macOS Sierra: Install if you have OS X El Capitan or macOS Sierra Problems Install for Night Mode On Your Mac Install if you have the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Install if you need better security Install macOS Sierra for Siri Install for Better Messages & New Emoji Install to Unlock with the Apple Watch Install for Apple Pay on Mac Install to get more storage space back Here’s Why You Shouldn’t Install macOS Sierra; Don’t install if you aren’t prepared Don’t install if you are worried about macOS Sierra problems Don’t install if you use a really old Mac Don’t install if you’re traveling Should I Install macOS Sierra? Here’s what you need to know. The macOS Sierra release date arrived in October 2016, delivering a fresh look and a fresh set of features to your Apple computers. One of the most interesting is that you can now login to your MacBook or iMac with your Apple Watch. Apple spent the better part of the last year delivering small and important upgrades to OS X El Capitan, which may leave it the best option for many users as 2017 draws on. After a lengthy developer and public beta period that squashed many bugs, there are still some macOS Sierra problems that users need to keep in mind before upgrading. Users can install the macOS Sierra update and keep their data, apps and photos in place right from the App Store. If you’re experiencing major OS X El Capitan problems, it’s a smart idea to perform a clean macOS Sierra installation and start fresh. The macOS Sierra update is free, and the free offer doesn’t end like the Windows 10 free upgrade did. If you are still on the fence, here is a look at the reasons to install macOS Sierra and the reasons you shouldn’t upgrade yet. After you learn about what the macOS Sierra update includes and the potential issues you can decide if the time is right for you to update. To turn off the automatic macOS Sierra download, go to System Preferences -> App Store -> Uncheck Download newly available updates in the background. If you need to delete the macOS Sierra update that already downloaded to stop the prompts to update or to get some space back you can find it using Finder and delete it. Here’s what’s new in macOS Sierra 10.12.5 that is out now for Apple computers; Fixes an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones Enhances compatibility of the Mac App Store with future software updates Adds support for media-free installation of Windows 10 Creators Update using Boot Camp If you haven’t installed macOS Sierra yet there are still reasons to hold off, but not as many as we saw earlier this year. We’ll start with the reasons to install macOS Sierra and then move into the reasons not to install macOS Sierra 10.12.5 yet. Install if You Have OS X El Capitan Problems & macOS Sierra Problems   1 / 13 Do you have OS X El Capitan problems? If your WiFi is unreliable, your Mac is slow or acting odd, a macOS Sierra update may be just the thing your computer needs. In addition to delivering smart features, there are bug fixes and performance upgrades in macOS Sierra as well. The same goes for macOS Sierra problems on your Mac, as many of the later updates include key fixes for many Mac problems.  If you are on OS X El Capitan and things aren't working right it may be the right time to update. When it comes to USB audio in macOS Sierra and Windows 10 Creators Update Bootcamp compatibility there are fixes in macOS Sierra 10.12.5 that can solve some of your problems. If your computer is really acting up, you may want to spend the time to perform a clean install of macOS Sierra. This allows you to start over fresh with no apps or data to mess up your installation. Users that go this route should make sure that they have important data backed up someplace else.   1 / 13 57 Responses 09/22/2016 nameisrequired Reply Nothing is perfect and Mac OS Sierra is no exception. Actually this article mainly talks about the advantages of the new system. But we can not deny that Sierra also leads to some problems like Mac app damage, Safari crash. This article reveal both the problems and solutions. Hope it will be helpful http://bit.ly/2d3d7gE 10/13/2016 Pete Reply >Nothing is perfect and Mac OS Sierra is no exception. Ah the Donald Trump excuse. 10/22/2016 William Collins Reply The Hillary Clinton version…. I don’t know, I forgot / can’t remember / am exempt from the rules normal people have to live by / can’t remember what lies I told ….. 01/04/2017 Chris Reply This shit is cracking me up right now. lol 03/01/2017 kozmo koggs Reply right… and Donald Chump follows all of the normal rules. I’ve never seen anyone in such an egotistical stupor in my life 04/13/2017 JIMJFOX Not even Barry Soetoro Barack Hussein O’Bama?? 12/28/2016 Leonard Wichard Reply Hi There, this post is something we call bait. It suggests on Google Search Results to deal with certain issues. Then when reading the post, it quickly becomes clear that this post doesnt deal with anything of any importance. — LG 09/26/2016 Nic S Reply Installed it this morning. I’m now about to uninstall it as there is nothing worth upgrading for. Novelties like Siri and picture in picture aren’t worth the trouble for all the software that Sierra breaks. I’m staying with Yosemite. 10/07/2016 WES Reply Hello. Do you know if there is a way to uninstall El Capitain and go back to Yosemite ? 10/12/2016 Parker Tubman Reply There is a way to go back to Yosemite because that is what I did. I did not like El Capitan. Here’s how to do it. If you did back up before installing El Capitan … : 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Back up your entire computer through Time Machine app. 3. Then when you upgraded Yosemite, go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file with the date that you did the last backup before El Capitan came on your computer. It will have Yosemite on it. If you did NOT back up Yosemite before installing El Capitan … : 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file that you did on your hard drive. If its something older an Older OS system on there you can choose that and not have El Capitan anymore. 09/29/2016 Rob Reply This article if pretty shallow 09/29/2016 Cooper Jackson Reply Is it really even an “article” ??? More like a way for someone to get hits to their site. 09/30/2016 Richard T Fishall Reply Sorry but this article has zero value. 09/30/2016 Chris Burbridge Reply I totally disagree with Mister (or Misus) “zero value”. Very helpful! I will not install. Thanks. 02/14/2017 Sean Hyland Reply You’re kidding me right? “I will not install” Based on what information because there was none. 10/01/2016 Bhosadda Reply Lol….early adopters with “Software Update OCD” always get screwed, and yet they never learn….. Just because an OS is released today, doesn’t mean you should immediately install it thinking it’s going to somehow make your computer “better”, or “faster”, ideas of “update” is in your head. Stick with El Capitan, it’s rock solid; as with any OSX update, it’s _ALWAYS_ wise to wait for the second incremental (i.e 10.12.2) patch before even considering upgrading. 02/28/2017 pat Reply Early adopter = guinea pig :) 10/01/2016 kay ringold Reply The title doesn’t match the content. It doesn’t give any real opinions on the upgrade 10/01/2016 Zac Paul Reply WHAT IS THIS? This article really misses some significant points. And when I say “significant points”, I mean almost every point of meaning. THE BIGGEST FEATURE OF SIERRA, WHICH IS GOING IGNORED BY MANY PUBLICATIONS The biggest single upgrade with Sierra is the pending APFS, Apple’s new file system that will replace the two-decade old HFS+. This is a massive undertaking. You can ONLY upgrade to APFS with Sierra, and you WILL be able to upgrade file systems WITHOUT having to do a clean install. Right now, early 2017 is when APFS should be pushed to general users. This file system has better data integrity, better multi-tasking abilities, is optimized for high-speed flash storage, and offers MAJOR improvements in encryption options. In the future, by using APFS on OS X, this will allow OS X to have a degree of interaction with iOS that was never before possible (currently, as iOS uses APFS, and Mac HFS+, there are some compatibility issues between Macs and other Apple portable devices that APFS can lift.) BRAND NEW OPERATING SYSTEMS ARE ALMOST NEVER AS SECURE AS THE MATURE PLATFORMS THEY REPLACE. As for security, expecting a brand new OS to immediately be more secure than a mature platform is a risky assumption. Beta testing has the limitation that the quantity of beta testers are a tiny fraction of real-world users of the stable version, so beta and pen testing provide valuable data, but there are limited. Apple, like Microsoft, doesn’t drop support on one version of OS X the moment the next comes out. The security flaw you are referencing IIRC has been pushed out to all versions of OS X dating back to Mountain Lion. As of right now, the XTS-AES whole disk encryption used by FileVault2 is secure on all recent implementations of OS X. When Sierra gets APFS, users will have more encryption options, and the potential for greater security. As for general usage, the greatest security vulnerabilities are usually attacking add-ons and extensions in browsers (such as Flash.) Using a modern browser, keeping it updated regularly, using a site like SSL Labs to test a website you are about to buy from but want to know if they use good cryptography. Users worried about security and privacy should consider Little Snitch, Murus, BitDefender, 1Password, good password habits, encrypting internal & external drives, as well as flash & SD cards & drives, and ensuring their use of cloud computing is secure. No operating system can compensate for bad security habits. FIX PROBLEMS BY FINDING AND RESOLVING THE ACTUAL PROBLEM!!! Doing an in-place OS update on a malfunctioning system is like replacing your brakes if you need new tires and hoping that things turn out OK. If you are having problems with a current release of El Capitan, it is unlikely that upgrading to Sierra will fix this and it increases the chance that you screw things up even worse than before. Think about that for a second…you are having issues with a mature operating system that has proven reliable, so you upgrade to a new one with far less known? El Capitan is an extremely reliable operating system…if you are having an issue, you need to determine if it is related to the OS, Apple software, 3rd party software, or hardware failure because the course of action to fix the issue is completely different. A free program such as Onyx can fix many OS issues, and along with utilizing Disk Utility, resetting PRAM/NRAM/SMC, Apple’s hardware testers, and a utility that pulls SMART data from the local drive, you can get a good idea of what is going on and may be able to fix it. If there are issues with severe disk corruption, upgrading without a clean install will not do a thing, and the only application that reliably repairs severe corruption that even OS X itself cannot is DiskWarrior. OVERALL, THIS MINOR UPDATE HAS BIG POTENTIAL Functionally, Sierra is not currently all that different from El Capitan. As El Capitan is extremely reliable, this makes sense so Apple has a solid base for the OS leading us to APFS, where a mid-life update (or what replaces Sierra) may then implement larger changes that makes the interaction between different devices a far better process, with greater ease and improved productivity. Apple also likely realized that with such a rapid update schedule, minor changes to OS X are better than radical changes because reliability suffers with changes as such. Leopard, Lion, (and Mavericks and Yosemite to a lesser extent) all introduced awesome features but had a lot of issues. Snow Leopard, Mountain Lion, and El Capitan introduced few new features and instead vastly improved reliability. MAKE A CLONE BACKUP IN ADDITION TO OR IN PLACE OF TIME MACHINE Before updating, I advise having a CLONE (not a TimeMachine backup) of the disk you are going update. A program like Carbon Copy Cloner makes a superior backup and one of the optimal quality desired should you need to revert back to your older OS without doing a fresh install. Clones can be made bootable, where Time Machine cannot. USING VIRTUAL MACHINES TO TEST NEW OPERATING SYSTEMS SAVES A LOT OF CUSSING TIME If someone has compatibility concerns, consider purchasing VMWare Fusion, Parallels, or downloading a free player. These virtual machine apps allow you to run Windows, Mac, Linux, etc. operating systems on your Mac in an isolated environment. You can then ‘test’ the new OS to ensure it works reliably enough for your needs and has no issues with your older Apps. The $100 or so spent on this software can save a ton of grief, and many hours of your time by preventing you installing an OS, finding it doesn’t work right, and then manually having to downgrade (which still may have issues.) —- So, should someone update to Sierra? As of right now, my opinion is… YES, if: -the need to have the latest-and-greatest ASAP is more important than reliability, compatibility, and security -you want to immediately benefit from improvements made with iCloud -you strongly like the updates to Mail and Messages (IMO they are very minor compared to iOS10) -you love Siri and feel it will be useful for you with your desktop/laptop -you frequently use multi-monitor displays with a MacBook Pro -you want to take advantage of the benefits of APFS (this will apply sometime in early 2017) NO, if: -reliability is the single-most important thing to you (wait until 10.12.1 or 10.12.2, as these updates always address the most significant issues of the first release. -security is the single-most important thing to you (wait a bit, same as above.) -you use a lot of older software that is no longer supported by the Maker(s) -you are not comfortable manually downgrading the OS should Sierra not work well on your machine (also wait a bit.) 05/14/2017 DW Reply Thanks Zac. Where’s your blog? 10/04/2016 J Reply Josh Smith, Bless you for posting instructions for deleting the auto-download and removing the install notification. 10/05/2016 Kim Reply Major regrets installing this upgrade. My external harddrive is now “read only”. I can’t export any photos to it from lightroom. I have tried changing permissions, etc. with no luck. It won’t let me. Wish I had stayed with Yosemite as I have many many photos to get to clients. Put me in the unprepared column. So discouraged. I guess I’ll have to purchase new external hard drive. 10/11/2016 James Bond Reply Jesus, this site is horrible. Full of advertisements and tracker. Make sure you have AdBlock on guys or don’t even visit this blog 10/12/2016 Candidcomment Reply Zac Paul – your comments are way more helpful than this ‘so called’ article. You should be the writer for gottabemobile. 10/12/2016 Recari Reply Zac Paul totally saved this worthless article!!! 10/12/2016 Dan Reply Thanks Zac Paul ! I appreciate your taking the time to explain pros and cons of upgrading. Very informative, you should have wrote the article. I’m pretty experienced with computers and OS, but still learn new stuff everyday. Your post gave me lots of new things to look up, try out, and think about. 10/12/2016 John Reply Do NOT install Sierra, my 2 year old macbook Pro is useless now, my desktop is empty (lost everything) and I can’t load apps. I am soon pissed, if Jobs were alive he’d NEVER allow this crap. 10/13/2016 Tets Reply Zac Paul. Kudos for your time and labor posting excellent comments on the pros and cons of Sierra. Thanks to you, I decided to wait although Apple is annoying with its constant messages to upgrade. 10/18/2016 Gemma Correll Reply Cant “zoom text only” anymore! What a stupid upgrade!! 10/18/2016 Daisy Reply Hi guys, I have OSX Lion, and every time a new upgrade comes out I am very reluctant to upgrade to them, and had no issues with my old Lion. Two weeks ago I updated my iPhone 5 and now my photos won’t sink into iPhoto in Mac. I tried unlock the iPhone as the popup window would ask, but nothing happened. I called apple support and they told me to upgrade the software to Sierra. And again I don’t want it especially after reading above comments. So I wonder if anyone knows the way to transfer iPhone pictures to Mac? 10/25/2016 jackiebp Reply Worthless article. It does not discuss the reasons not to install. Does not discuss possible conflicts and bugs. This is exactly why you need to PAY professional writers for articles. They do research and write substance. Shame on you. 10/25/2016 Mark Stratman Reply macOS Sierra is a disaster. I upgraded my 2014 MacBook Air, and have spent 3 totally unproductive days trying to get basic tools that I count on every day to minimally work. To no avail. The Apple phone techs are useless. There are no “geniuses” at any ‘Genius Bars’. macOS and Sierra are enhancements for toys, not real-life business tools. If the concept of ‘planned obsolescence’ is now the center of Apple’s marketing plan, then I will end my 30+ year reliance Apple products and buy elsewhere. 11/08/2016 Steven V Reply I have a Mac Book pro with Yosemite, I was wondering if an update was going to give me a lot of new stuff but it doesn’t seem like much there from the comments. I’m sticking with Yosemite. so this was very helpful. 11/10/2016 Hank Roberts Reply Zac Paul – your comments are way more helpful 1 11/23/2016 Ron Reply If you are a fan of VPN, Mac OS Sierra isn’t recommended for you as PPTP is not available to iOS 10 and Mac OS Sierra. I just found it here https://www.frootvpn.com/blog/2016/10/03/pptp-not-available-ios-10-mac-os-sierra/ 12/07/2016 Doralina Hellwig Reply Would it help me with this problem… when i would like too down load a game and get this answer: The Sims™ 2: Super Collection can not install on ”Macintosh HD” because Mac OS X version 10.9.2 or later needed? Tanx 4 answers! 12/08/2016 Cornel Duitriu Reply Sorry I ever bought an Apple in the first place. (Had early problems with key board on BookAir, replaced x2) As for Sierra, nothing seems to work with it i.e. Browser (neither Chrome nor Firefox) Outlook, and most prominently the Parallel Desk (with Win10), even though have updated to latest Parallel. Everything crashes, impossible to complete even this note, .. inordinate frustrations, in trying to remedy things with relatively mediocre skills, but otherwise quite apt, for a non-geek, and it would be certainly insolent of this company to expect me to be under the hood all the time. My cry ought to be seen as an indictment of this Apple Company which is overall sloppy in releasing stuff like this, frivolous and mostly dedicated to ‘social toys’, inconsiderate, and ultimately unserious. Will have to ask Hillary where she got that sledge hammer Merry Christmas to all 12/13/2016 Dave Reply MY concerns with these additional features that Apple so enthusiastically offers are that I have a Macbook Pro mid 2012 machine and it seems to be the general consensus that Apple are deliberately trying to make any machine that is 4 years and older obsolete by deliberately slowing its processing speed down where it becomes unusable which therefore encourages the user to go and buy a new and latest version of the macbook pro. Thoughts on this anyone? (not Apple obviously) 12/14/2016 Allen Reply It’s a useful article – maybe not if you want Rules Handed Down from On High, as it doesn’t do that – it just outlines some problems, some advantages, and leaves it up to us to decide. Fine by me. Me? Oh, I’ll stick with El Capitan for now, for a few months, and see how things pan out. That’s the technique I’ve applied to the past few updates! Cheers. Allen, London. 12/15/2016 Paul Brodie Reply Apple seem to be falling into the Microsoft trap of updating and releasing software updates before they are fully tested, ISO 10.12.1 has brought several problems that were not needed or wanted, Photos CUP usage 100%, why do this?? 12/16/2016 Tina Garnett Reply After installing new MacOs Sierra 10.12.2 I had problems with Safari freezing, when going into Activity Monitor the CPU was up loading fast and memory going over the roof some thing in the background was running fast (but slowing the computer) could not be found why. The wi-fi disconnecting and asking for password , as well as a very slow computer. iPhoto download once iPhone connected had to be download automatically with editing a manual response. I have now switched back to Yosemite and no problems and quick and easy and a fast internet once again. No thanks to Sierra too many problems to thrash out. There is a way to get Yosemite back from Sierra as follows: There is a way to go back to Yosemite because that is what I did. I did not like Sierra. Here’s how to do it. If you did back up before installing Sierra :- 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Back up your entire computer through Time Machine app. 3. Then when you upgraded Yosemite, go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file with the date that you did the last backup before Sierra came on your computer. It will have Yosemite on it. If you did NOT back up Yosemite before installing Sierra :- 1. First get a hardware drive with lots of memory 2. Go on to Time Machine with your hard drive attached to the USB point on the computer, and select the last backup file that you did on your hard drive. If its something older an Older OS system on there you can choose that and not have Sierra anymore. Worked for me! Happy as back with Yosemite! 12/19/2016 DoNotUse Reply even 10.12.2 ist pure bulls** – if THIS ist the future, yozu only will habe problems – and you cannot work with your computer…. but if everybody downloads this sh*** Apple will go on like this…. 12/21/2016 William Reply I have a REALLY GREAT late 2012 iMac 27″, 3.4 GHz Intel i7, 16 GB RAM, 1 TB Fusion drive, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 675MX 1024 MB, OSX 10.9.5 latest And Apple replaced the display FREE last Feb 2016 due to a minor blemish. But NVIDIA are not updating the drivers for 3D and so if I update to Sierra, and run a 3D app, CRASH. No way around it. 12/22/2016 Nomade Reply mail in sierra is totally broken – mis-interpreted attachments, wrong sender addresses, confusion with previously received emails. this os x version is the worst version ever! apple seems to focus on non-relevant gimmicks instead of functionality. how needs hundreds of emojis but email is not working? 02/08/2017 Nick R Reply Too right! 01/17/2017 Tropigal Reply Not very in depth. I need to know what apps Sierra doesn’t play well with, as I have Adobe CS6 that I refuse to part with and must have for work. NOT paying for the cloud every month! 01/31/2017 Michael Reply I had to update to get xcode. Sierra is terrible. Finder crashes… apps crash… even restart crashes. Feels exactly like the reasons I left windows for Mac. Terrible. 02/08/2017 Nick R Reply Indeed. This shit shouldn’t be happening. Apple need to get this sorted. 02/02/2017 James Brigham (Bigg) Bunyon Reply Re: “There is a higher potential for macOS Sierra problems during the first few weeks that the update is out.” Just how long are you going to use this outdated bit of FUD? Newsflash blogger, the “first few weeks” have long passed and you need to pay attention. 02/07/2017 requiredname Reply Wow this guy must be either total novice, or high on some good drugs. “The macOS Sierra update brings more than just a brand new name for the software that runs on your Mac, MacBook and iMac. This latest update adds new MacBook Emoji and other important updates.” Oh shit son, who knows what could happen if I don’t have the super important new set of Emojis, damn no way I can take a risk like that. Are you fkn serious man? The way you start off suggests you’ve less than 6 months total experience on any Mac/PC in general. Totally gave away the fact you don’t know your shit, at all. 02/08/2017 Nick R Reply Had to upgrade to this ‘slow ass’ piece of wank just to get the new keyboard to work. Now I have a cool new keyboard but pages taking 5 minutes to open and spinning beach balls. Sierra is a FAIL. 02/21/2017 Curt Reply There is also a problem with compatibility with third party equipment. Canon pro inkjet printers are only compatible with 10.12.1. Unfortunately I bought a new retina MacBook Pro and it came with Sierra 10.12.2. There is no way, within apple techsupport to roll back to 10.12.1 so right now I have an expensive paperweight until canon updates their drivers. 03/17/2017 Lars-Göran Ekwurtzel Reply I recently updated to Sierra 10.12.3. Since that time, I have not been able to hold Shift to select events to print them off as a list of selected events. It just goes to individual events and will not allow me to select the group that comes up along the right side in the search results. 04/04/2017 Lars-Göran Ekwurtzel Reply I recently updated to Sierra 10.12.4. Since that time, I have not been able to hold “Shift” to select events to print them off as a list of selected events. It just goes to individual events and will not allow me to select the group that comes up along the right side in the search results. 05/05/2017 Nathan Reply What a useless article! Seriously, guys. Junk. 05/10/2017 Gurt Reply You start with: “This latest update adds new MacBook Emoji and other important updates. ” Seriously? So in your opinion MacBook Emoji is an important update? Well that helps to provide clear context on your opinion on whats important, LOL. 05/14/2017 DW Reply Read ZAC PAUL’s comments from 10/01 (that was the article I wanted to read): So, should someone update to Sierra? As of right now, my opinion is… YES, if: -the need to have the latest-and-greatest ASAP is more important than reliability, compatibility, and security -you want to immediately benefit from improvements made with iCloud -you strongly like the updates to Mail and Messages (IMO they are very minor compared to iOS10) -you love Siri and feel it will be useful for you with your desktop/laptop -you frequently use multi-monitor displays with a MacBook Pro -you want to take advantage of the benefits of APFS (this will apply sometime in early 2017) NO, if: -reliability is the single-most important thing to you (wait until 10.12.1 or 10.12.2, as these updates always address the most significant issues of the first release. -security is the single-most important thing to you (wait a bit, same as above.) -you use a lot of older software that is no longer supported by the Maker(s) -you are not comfortable manually downgrading the OS should Sierra not work well on your machine (also wait a bit.) Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad takes place in a barbershop Christian Zibreg on May 15, 2017 3 A brand new television commercial for iPhone 7 Plus’s dual-lens camera surfaced Monday on Apple’s official YouTube channel. Titled “Barber,” the ad showcases Apple’s Portrait camera mode made possible by the dual-lens system found on the back of the company’s latest Plus smartphone. Running one minute and ten seconds long, the video takes place in a barbershop and shows the device being used to take depth-of-field shots of customers having their hair done. Physical prints are then created and displayed on the front of the store to draw in new customers until a lone line emerges outside the shop. “In Portrait mode on iPhone 7 Plus, you don’t just look good. You look fantastic,” says the video’s description. Portrait shooting mode blurs out the background and focuses on the subject in the foreground to create a DSLR-like depth-of-field effect. And here is the new television commercial. Song: “Fantastic Man” by William Onyeabor According to Apple CEO Tim Cook, iPhone 7 Plus has emerged as the most popular Plus model the company has released yet. Last week, Apple posted more than three-dozen videos tips to help customers get the most from their iPhone 7 camera. How do you like Apple’s latest iPhone ad? Let us know by leaving a comment below. Tagged: Ad Advertising Apple Camera iPhone iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone Photography Marketing News Photography Portrait MORE FROM iDB Watch “The City”, Apple’s new ad about Portrait camera mode on iPhone 7 Plus Watch Apple’s latest ads promoting Portrait mode on iPhone 7 Plus Watch Apple’s Brazilian Carnaval-themed video showcasing Portrait mode on iPhone 7 Plus GrandMasterB Awesome commercial but all the hair at the end really makes me cringe. o_O Andrieux Querido Very Cool. B. Braun Kinda like it, Thumps up! Featured Latest Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to remove old Time Machine backups BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad takes place in a barbershop macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases Safari 10.1.1 for Mac fixes yet another instance of address bar spoofing Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Accessories BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Deals Charge & Sync Docks for $19 Jooicer: Lifetime Plan for $34 Aluminum Fidget Spinner for $12 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Christian Zibreg on May 15, 2017 5 Apple is reportedly working on a “game-changing” diabetes treatment technology for Apple Watch Series 3 which will allegedly use interchangeable “smart watch bands” said to contain specialized built-in sensors. That’s according to a source familiar with Apple’s plans who spoke with BGR. The iPhone maker has reportedly “identified the right part of the body and there’s so much more they can and intend to do with the watch,” said the source. Jonathan Geller, who runs BGR, speculates that the glucose monitoring feature could use Apple’s smart band system rather than being built into the watch hardware. “Apple also plans to introduce interchangeable smart watch bands that add various functionality to Apple Watch without added complexity, and without increasing the price of the watch itself,” the author wrote. 30 million people suffer from diabetes in the US, as per the American Diabetes Association. Currently, the only way to properly measure blood sugar levels is by using a blood sample or a device that penetrates the skin. That could change soon, if these reports are anything to go by. Last week, CNBC learned that the Cupertino company has been developing non-invasive sensors that would continuously monitor blood sugar levels. The super secret initiative is allegedly focused on developing optical sensors that would shine a light through the skin in order to measure indications of glucose. Apple is even conducting feasibility trials at clinical sites across the Bay Area. CNBC says Apple hired consultants to deal with regulatory approvals, yet another indication that these smart Apple Watch bands with built-in sensors could in fact see the light of day. Apple is expected to preview a major new version of watchOS at WWDC next month. Tagged: Accessories Apple Apple Watch Band BGR Health News Rumors MORE FROM iDB Rumor: four new iPad Pros, 128GB iPhone SE and iPhone 7 in Red to be unveiled next month Report: new Apple Watch coming this fall with better battery, similar design FDA emails reaffirm Apple may be developing a pair of cardiac monitoring devices Nathaniel When will the next Apple Watch come out? Diego Milano The more I read about Apple Watch, the more appealing it sounds, even though I don’t suffer from any disease that I would benefit from such technology, but it may be great for some family members or people we know that could. Many99 I’m a type 1 diabetic, I don’t have a Apple watch never planned on getting one, but if the next Apple watch comes with capability to treat diabetes, I wait in line for the first time for tech device, another company pkvitality is hoping to come out with something similar. Alex Wilson I couldn’t agree more, no real interst in wearing a watch again, but for this and the irregular heart beat sensing that I’ve read but the “watch” is now more on my radar screen. Rowan09 This was always the reason for releasing the Apple Watch for medical advancement. If Apple can get this to work, their stock will reach new highs. I would definitely buy one for family members with diabetes. Featured Latest Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to remove old Time Machine backups BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad takes place in a barbershop macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases Safari 10.1.1 for Mac fixes yet another instance of address bar spoofing Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Accessories BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Deals Charge & Sync Docks for $19 Jooicer: Lifetime Plan for $34 Aluminum Fidget Spinner for $12 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Wearables Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius May 15th, 2017 at 3:10 PM Share Tweet There’s no doubt about it — the Apple Watch is a hit. While Apple has not disclosed sales numbers, smart money has the device, now in its second generation, at over 25 million units sold. That not only means the watch is a scorcher that is now beating the initial trajectory of the iPhone, but recent estimates also crown it the world’s top-selling fitness device, outpacing dedicated fitness trackers from the likes of Fitbit in regards to market share. The Apple Watch has generated more revenue since its debut than the entire Swiss watch industry during that period of time, which is an incredible achievement. The fitness aspect of the watch has always been a huge focus, and we have been told by a source familiar with Apple’s plans that the company is looking to introduce a game-changing feature in an upcoming new version of the Apple Watch. Don't Miss: Apple Watch review While there are countless uses for this new category of device that places a smartphone on your wrist, one of the most popular is fitness monitoring and tracking, an intense area of focus for Apple. There is most likely not a single consumer fitness product in the world that has had more internal testing, validation and investment than the Apple Watch, and this doesn’t seem to be slowing. Our source indicates that Apple has hired 200 PhDs in the past year as part of the company’s laser lock on improving and innovating in the health space with Apple Watch. It has been rumored that Apple is interested in glucose monitoring, and it appears that the time may now be right. Previous rumors have stated that Apple might only be able to achieve this through a separate device that might complement the watch, however BGR has learned that this might not be accurate. According to our source, Apple’s sights are now set on the epidemic of diabetes, and the company plans to introduce a game-changing glucose monitoring feature in an upcoming Apple Watch. An estimated 30 million people suffer from diabetes in the US alone, according to the American Diabetes Association, so Apple’s efforts could lead to a historic achievement in the world of health and fitness. Currently, the only way to properly measure blood sugar levels is by using a blood sample, or by using a device that penetrates the skin. It’s uncomfortable, difficult and painful, and there are not presently any widely available noninvasive methods that are accurate. Apple isn’t stopping at just glucose monitoring, however. Apple also plans to introduce interchangeable “smart watch bands” that add various functionality to the Apple Watch without added complexity, and without increasing the price of the watch itself. This could also mean that the glucose monitoring feature will be implemented as part of a smart band, rather than being built into the watch hardware. A camera band that adds a camera to the watch is another possibility, or a band that contains a battery to extend battery life for wearers who want even more longevity, even though the Apple Watch’s battery performance is already class-leading. One can imagine the other types of smart bands that might be possible with this approach. This strategy might also make it easier for Apple to work with the FDA on approval of a medical device that the company could pre-announce, as opposed to letting a new Apple Watch leak months or even years in advance if it was to be submitted to the regulatory administration. Another interesting quote from our source is that Apple has “identified the right part of the body and there’s so much more they can and intend to do with the watch.” While glucose monitoring would be a huge first step in Apple’s goal of continuing to make the Apple Watch indispensable, it’s not hard to imagine a near future where the watch is the hub of our digital and physical lives. It would monitor multiple aspects of the wearer’s health, but also replace smartphones when combined with some sort of augmented reality glasses or contact lenses, alongside AirPods in our ears. Tags: Apple, Apple Watch View Comments Trending 1 Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead 2 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 3 Tech Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack 4 Business Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil 5 Tech New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display Picked For You Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features By Jonathan S. Geller 12 hours ago Watch Melissa McCarthy’s most hilarious Sean Spicer bit yet from SNL By Chris Smith 17 hours ago New ‘Legend of Zelda’ game reportedly coming to iPhone and Android By Jacob Siegal 20 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features Jonathan S. Geller BGR News May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share There’s no doubt about it — the Apple Watch is a hit. While Apple has not disclosed sales numbers, smart money has the device, now in its second generation, at over 25 million units sold. That not only means the watch is a scorcher that is now beating the initial trajectory of the iPhone, but recent estimates also crown it the world’s top-selling fitness device, outpacing dedicated fitness trackers from the likes of Fitbit in regards to market share. The Apple Watch has generated more revenue since its debut than the entire Swiss watch industry during that period of time, which is an incredible achievement. The fitness aspect of the watch has always been a huge focus, and we have been told by a source familiar with Apple’s plans that the company is looking to introduce a game-changing feature in an upcoming new version of the Apple Watch. Don't Miss: Apple Watch review While there are countless uses for this new category of device that places a smartphone on your wrist, one of the most popular is fitness monitoring and tracking, an intense area of focus for Apple. There is most likely not a single consumer fitness product in the world that has had more internal testing, validation and investment than the Apple Watch, and this doesn’t seem to be slowing. Our source indicates that Apple has hired 200 PhDs in the past year as part of the company’s laser lock on improving and innovating in the health space with Apple Watch. It has been rumored that Apple is interested in glucose monitoring, and it appears that the time may now be right. Previous rumors have stated that Apple might only be able to achieve this through a separate device that might complement the watch, however BGR has learned that this might not be accurate. According to our source, Apple’s sights are now set on the epidemic of diabetes, and the company plans to introduce a game-changing glucose monitoring feature in an upcoming Apple Watch. An estimated 30 million people suffer from diabetes in the US alone, according to the American Diabetes Association, so Apple’s efforts could lead to a historic achievement in the world of health and fitness. Currently, the only way to properly measure blood sugar levels is by using a blood sample, or by using a device that penetrates the skin. It’s uncomfortable, difficult and painful, and there are not presently any widely available noninvasive methods that are accurate. Apple isn’t stopping at just glucose monitoring, however. Apple also plans to introduce interchangeable “smart watch bands” that add various functionality to the Apple Watch without added complexity, and without increasing the price of the watch itself. This could also mean that the glucose monitoring feature will be implemented as part of a smart band, rather than being built into the watch hardware. A camera band that adds a camera to the watch is another possibility, or a band that contains a battery to extend battery life for wearers who want even more longevity, even though the Apple Watch’s battery performance is already class-leading. One can imagine the other types of smart bands that might be possible with this approach. This strategy might also make it easier for Apple to work with the FDA on approval of a medical device that the company could pre-announce, as opposed to letting a new Apple Watch leak months or even years in advance if it was to be submitted to the regulatory administration. Another interesting quote from our source is that Apple has “identified the right part of the body and there’s so much more they can and intend to do with the watch.” While glucose monitoring would be a huge first step in Apple’s goal of continuing to make the Apple Watch indispensable, it’s not hard to imagine a near future where the watch is the hub of our digital and physical lives. It would monitor multiple aspects of the wearer’s health, but also replace smartphones when combined with some sort of augmented reality glasses or contact lenses, alongside AirPods in our ears. Trending right now: WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech AMD’s Threadripper processors could put an end to Intel’s dominance in CPUs Digital Trends Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead BGR News
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science Technology  • Computer Industry •  Internet Automotive One News Page > Computer Industry > Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates Monday, 15 May 2017 (14 hours ago) Apple today released iOS 10.3.2 to the public, following several weeks of testing and four betas. iOS 10.3.2 comes six weeks after the release of iOS 10.3, a major update that introduced a new Find My AirPods feature and Apple File System. It also comes more than a month after iOS 10.3.1, a security update. iOS 10.3.2 is a free over-the-air update available to all users with a compatible device. It can also be downloaded and installed on iOS devices using iTunes on a Mac or PC. There were no outward-facing changes or new features discovered during the beta testing process, aside from a small fix for SiriKit car commands, which are now working as intended. It appears iOS 10.3.2 focuses primarily on bug fixes, security enhancements, and other minor operating system improvements. iOS 10 will soon be followed by iOS 11, which we will see introduced at Apple's June Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California. We still have several months to go until iOS 11 is released to the public, so there are likely to be continued iOS 10 updates. Related Roundup: iOS 10 Discuss this article in our forums » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 11 hours ago< > Embed Google Assistant For iOS Coming 2017 00:40 Apple's Siri may have to make some room for another digital assistant, it appears that Google Assistant could be coming to iOS soon. According to Android Police, Google is reportedly working on an iOS-compatible Google Assistant app, with the official announcement possibly coming out during this... Recent related news GNOME Shell and Mutter Updated for the GNOME 3.24.2 Desktop with More Bug FixesThe GNOME Project just launched the second and last scheduled maintenance update for the current stable GNOME 3.24 desktop environment, so we can't help but... Softpedia 4 days ago - Technology Apple releases iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1, and macOS 10.12.5Apple on Monday released operating systems updates for the iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, and Macintosh. Before installing any of the updates, complete a... Macworld 13 hours ago - Computer Industry Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.5, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1Apple promoted today the final releases of the iOS 10.3.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.5, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 operating systems to users worldwide, along with... Softpedia 10 hours ago - Technology Apple releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 with proper Windows 10 Creators Update Boot Camp supportApple's macOS Sierra is a solid operating system. It is very mature and beautiful, not to mention, it is chock-full of user-focused features. Quite frankly, from... betanews 10 hours ago - Technology Debian GNU/Linux 8.8 "Jessie" Live & Installable ISOs Are Available to Download - ExclusiveAs reported the other day, the Debian Project launched the eighth maintenance update for the stable Debian GNU/Linux 8 "Jessie" operating system series, which... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology Microsoft to Release New Windows 10 Cumulative Updates TodayMicrosoft will roll out this month’s Patch Tuesday fixes in just a few hours, and as per the company’s release strategy, Windows 10 systems will also get new... Softpedia 1 week ago - Technology Git 2.13 Source Code Management System Released with SHA-1 Collision DetectionThe Git project, through Jeff King, happily announced today the release and immediate availability of the Git 2.13 open source project management system for all... Softpedia 6 days ago - Technology Apple releases updates for iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1On Tuesday, Apple released iOS version 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 to the public, after a month-long beta testing period for each revision. AppleInsider 14 hours ago - Computer Industry You Might Like Other recent news in Computer Industry China pays for Windows XP addiction as 'WANNACRY' hits The WANNACRY RANSOMWARE might have a link to North Korea APPLE RELEASES macOS Sierra 10.12.5 With Headphones Audio Fix and Enhanced Mac App Store Compatibility Netflix Cuts Off Rooted ANDROID Devices Rumor: Next-gen APPLE WATCH may support glucose monitoring, 'smart' bands Apple Maps grows public transit coverage to Adelaide, AUSTRALIA NINTENDO's beloved Legend of Zelda may be coming to phones Gizmodo Tries to 'Phish' the TRUMP ADMINISTRATION GOOGLE ASSISTANT standalone iPhone app could launch as soon as Google I/O Ford CTO Talks Autonomous Cars, Competing With SILICON VALLEY Twitter vyagers Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates https://t.co/Qdb1KwKWbt https://t.co/aodOuDNqh0 5 minutes ago Technewsground.com Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates https://t.co/cWyhfmSqVE https://t.co/JG1HO3OoMN 17 minutes ago Whiskey🥃Avenger Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates https://t.co/WtPA5tVgXa https://t.co/UqbEB2sOQU 23 minutes ago いどばたカメラマン RT @MacRumors: Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates https://t.co/JQVDNoUn8a by @julipuli https://t.co/Uu5… 30 minutes ago ct Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates https://t.co/YpO62u1K3j 38 minutes ago Zanzibar Technology RT @MacRumors: Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates https://t.co/JQVDNoUn8a by @julipuli https://t.co/Uu5… 46 minutes ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Matthew McConaughey Ian Brady Mike Scioscia Gregg Popovich Current Topics White House Russians Russian Officials North Korea Missile Javier Valdez Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories What The NHS Hack Means For You And Your PC Portugal Storm To Victory In Eurovision Song Contest Here Comes The Summer - Five Big Movies To Look Out For Should The UK Leave Eurovision As Well As Europe? Is There A Chance THE ROCK May Run For President? Game Of Thrones Spinoffs Are Coming - And There's Some Big Writers On Board Why Has Sean Spicer Been Hiding Behind A Bush? Does Cannabis Improve Your Brain Power? Scientists Think So.. Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest A Foolish Take: The chart that defines Walmart Here's what makes Walmart stand out. Post to Facebook A Foolish Take: The chart that defines Walmart Here's what makes Walmart stand out.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rjdIA5 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs A Foolish Take: The chart that defines Walmart John Maxfield, The Motley Fool 3:51 p.m. ET May 15, 2017 Here's what makes Wal-Mart unique. Despite the enormous size of these other companies, most of which have higher market caps than Walmart, their annual revenue pales in comparison to the Arkansas-based retailer's. (Photo: USATODAY) 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Every company has a chart that defines it. The chart for Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), for instance, would show iPhone sales -- their trend or the evolving share of revenue they account for. After all, the iPhone has made Apple the most valuable company in the world. That's what a defining chart is. It reflects the core or unique quality most responsible for a company's success. Few are more striking than Walmart's (NYSE: WMT) defining chart. It compares the annual revenue of Walmart to other large companies -- say, those on the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which tracks the leading companies in the United States. Despite the enormous size of these other companies, most of which have higher market caps than Walmart, their annual revenue pales in comparison to the Arkansas-based retailer's. Walmart's revenue over the last 12 months adds up to $486 billion. That's more than twice Apple's total revenue -- which, not to belabor the point, is the most valuable company in America. It's this stark contrast between sales and value that reflects Walmart's core business model: Selling lots of stuff at everyday low prices. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Offer from the Motley Fool: Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rjdIA5
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Fitness News / Report: Apple Watch 3 to include glucose monitoring, debut smart bands Report: Apple Watch 3 to include glucose monitoring, debut smart bands by Chris Smith 11 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments The next-generation Apple Watch, will set its sights on tackling diabetes, according to new reports on Monday. BGR sources say the Apple Watch Series 3 will feature a glucose monitor that can detect blood sugar levels in patients. Current methods for measuring blood sugar levels include taking a blood test, so a wearable device could be a huge leap forward. The report also says, Apple is also preparing to introduce smart bands that enable users to augment the device with additional features. Related: Apple Watch tips and tricks BGR says Apple is considering a band that boosts battery life, or even a camera attachment that will enable. Recent rumours have suggested the third device in the series will also introduce standalone 4G connectivity and a sleep tracking app. A smart band featuring additional battery power could give users around the clock battery life for the first time, enabling them to wear it to bed and track sleep. We’ve also been hearing Apple will be using microLED technology in the display, enabling it to include a fingerprint sensor. Will these features finally convince you to grab an Apple Watch? Or are you still unconvinced? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 [Download] Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 [Download] Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Google Assistant to Launch as Standalone App on iOS? Apple Unveils Design for New Flagship 'Piazza Liberty' Retail Store in Milan Apple Park: One Year Construction Recap [Video] Apple Acquires Lattice Dark Data Company for $200 Million Nike Releases New iPhone Cases With Air Force 1 and Roshe Outsole Patterns Apple Posts New 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' Video Series [Watch] Anker Speakers and Earbuds on Sale Up to 72% Off [Deal] Apple Awards Corning Its First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 11 hours ago by iClarified · 5434 views · Translate Check out this beautiful iOS 11 concept shared with us by Filipe Espósito of iHelpBR. It's inspired by the new Apple Music app and features a dark mode, something which Apple has been secretly been working on. The various colors in translucent backgrounds and super fine fonts have been replaced by monochrome backgrounds, larger elements and thicker fonts. But in addition to imagining what all iOS would look like in this style, we decided to imagine once again the much talked about "Dark Mode". Last year, we created a Dark Mode concept for iOS based on the WWDC 2016 application. Although the feature was not released by Apple, internal iOS 10 codes indicate that this is actually being tested by the company - and we hope That comes with iOS 11. Various system applications have been redesigned as part of the concept including Mail, Contacts, Clock, Messages, Health, and Settings. Apple is expected to unveil iOS 11 at WWDC in June. Take a look at some of the images below and let us know what you think in the comments! Don't forget, you can follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS to be notified when Apple officially unveils iOS 11. See More Follow iClarified Comments (6) Add Comment Jesse - 9 hours ago Wouldn't the iOS 11 concept be better, if users just were able to customize colors, fonts and schemes. Instead of just turning everything black and saying it gorgeous....just saying. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Fred Ziffle - 7 hours ago Yeah! Just like Windows Phones! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Neolm09 - 10 hours ago IC, I really think that you are out of ideas just like apple, really ? This is what you call a gorgeous concept!! He took screen shots and inverted the colors with PS, exactly three clicks, why don't you go find something useful to write about Thanks. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Geunna - 10 hours ago Despite what you say about iClarified's job, I agree. To me, they aren't doing too bad. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Ryan - 10 hours ago I really do think this theme is ugly. The headers take way too much space on the screen.. even on my 7 plus. Hopefully the Apple Music app get re-redone to remove the large icon and fonts! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 1 More Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Things to Know About the iOS 10.3.2 Update Adam Mills05/15/2017 The iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch is now available. This guide will walk you through the most important things to know about the iOS 10.3.2 update and some of its problems. We’ll also tell you about how it performs on iPhone and iPad. The company’s latest version of iOS 10 isn’t a big milestone upgrade but, iOS 10.3.2 is still a very important release thanks to the bug fixes and security patches on board. The iOS 10.3.2 could have a positive impact on your device’s performance. It could also cause problems if you aren’t careful. With that in mind, we want to go over the most important things you need to know about the iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Let’s start with a basic look at iOS 10.3.2’s early performance on two popular iPhones, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 6s. iOS 10.3.2 Review The iOS 10.3.2 update might be a maintenance release but the download is close to 200MB for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. That’s if you’re coming directly from iOS 10.3.1. If you’re coming to iOS 10.3.2 from something a little older, say iOS 10.2.1, you can expect your download to be much larger. The download only took us a few seconds (we downloaded the update while connected to a high-speed Wi-Fi network) but the installation took about seven minutes on the iPhone 7. It’ll take a lot longer if you skipped iOS 10.3 and/or iOS 10.3.1. We recommend putting 15 minutes aside so that you can monitor both the iOS 10.3.2 download and installation. Install 10.3.2. We’ve only spent a few hours with the iOS 10.3.2 update (and only on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 6s) but it appears to be stable. We haven’t noticed any freaky battery drain and we’ve been able to connect to various Wi-Fi networks and Bluetooth devices. AT&T’s LTE and 4G networks are also working properly. Core applications like Gmail, Slack, Asana, Twitter, Spotify, Soundcloud, and Google Chrome are also functioning as normal with iOS 10.3.2 on board. We haven’t noticed any random reboots or UI lag nor have run into any debilitating bugs. That could change down the road but for now, iOS 10.3.2 feels stable on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 6s. If you need additional feedback about iOS 10.3.2 and its changes, take a look at our reasons to, and not to, install the iOS 10.3.2 update on your device right now. It should help you one to one side of the fence or the other. iOS 10.3.2 Update: What’s New All signs pointed to a small maintenance release and that’s exactly what iOS 10.3.2 is. It fixes some bugs and it improves device security. As of right now, iOS 10.3.2’s change log is pretty thin. We know the update fixes some problems with SiriKit car commands. We also know that it brings 23 security patches to beef up security on the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. It doesn’t come with much else, unless of course you decide to skip Apple’s iOS 10.3.1 update and/or its iOS 10.3 update. If you skipped either one of those, iOS 10.3.2 will bring changes from those updates to your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. iOS 10.3.1 was a small bug fixer but the company’s iOS 10.3 update delivered a new file system, a Find My AirPods features, and a long list of other changes. Make sure you get familiar with those before you download iOS 10.3.2. iOS 10.3.2 Problems iOS 10.3.2 went through a six week beta process but problems have slipped into the final version. It’s early but we’re already hearing about some of the iOS 10.3.2 problems plaguing the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. We’ve seen complaints about installation problems (some of these issues come from people moving off the iOS 10.3.2 beta), weird battery drain, connectivity issues, and bad performance. It’s still early so we expect complaints about iOS 10.3.2 problems to pickup as we push away from the update’s release date. If you’re struggling with iOS 10.3.2 problems, please take a look at our list of fixes for the most common iOS 10 problems. You’ll also want to take a look at our tips to improve iOS 10 performance. If your situation is dire, know that you can drop down to the iOS 10.3.1 update if you can’t handle iOS 10.3.2’s performance on your phone or tablet. Sadly, you can’t drop back down to anything older than iOS 10.3.1. The iOS 10.3 and iOS 10.2.1 downgrade paths are now closed. For more on the downgrade process, see our iOS 10 downgrade walkthrough. iOS 10.3.2 Jailbreak Jailbreak developers recently demonstrated an iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak. The proof of concept, which can be seen in the video below, is a great sign for those looking to jailbreak iOS 10.3.1. Unfortunately, we haven’t seen or heard anything about an iOS 10.3.2 jailbreak. iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak release rumors point to a release sometime after the release of iOS 10.3.1 but nothing is set in stone. For now, current and prospective iOS 10 jailbreak users must contend with the public iOS 10.2 jailbreak tool. What’s Next Apple’s next iOS release probably won’t be an iOS 10 update. Instead, it’ll probably be an early version of its next operating system. Apple will deliver its WWDC 2017 keynote on the morning of June 5th. And it’s there that we’ll probably hear about iOS 10’s successor. iOS 11 isn’t confirmed but there’s a good chance we’ll hear about some of its features, its release date, and a beta on stage during the keynote. Apple typically releases the first beta shortly after the conclusion of its keynote so we’re expecting an iOS 11 beta to arrive on June 5th. For more on the iOS 11 beta, please take a look at our expectations. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 13 2 Responses 05/03/2017 Gustavo Reply redundant, irrelevant 05/15/2017 xterminate Reply so much iOS 10.3.2 keyword for SEO. overdone. useless website Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases Christian Zibreg on May 15, 2017 2 Apple today released the mostly maintenance macOS Sierra 10.12.5 software update alongside updates to iOS, watchOS and tvOS. According to release notes accompanying the download, 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones and Windows 10 installations while laying the groundwork for future macOS releases. Plus, this version of macOS “enhances compatibility of Mac App Store with future software updates.” Apple is expected to preview the next major version of macOS at its annual developers conference next month. macOS Sierra 10.12.5 can be installed via the Mac App Store’s Updates tab. Read Apple’s support doc for detailed information about the update’s security content. Safari 10.1.1, which comes included in the 10.12.5 update, patches for more than half a dozen WebKit-related vulnerabilities while fixing yet another instance of address bar spoofing that could fool users into believing they’re visiting a genuine rather than a maliciously crafted webpage designed for phishing attacks. It’s available for OS X Yosemite 10.10.5, OS X El Capitan 10.11.6 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5. A minor update to iTunes for Mac and Windows was also pushed today. iTunes 12.6.1 comes with unspecified app and performance improvements along with a fix for a WebKit exploit on Windows 7 and later which could result in arbitrary code execution after processing maliciously crafted web content. Tagged: Apple Boot Camp Headphones Issue Mac Mac App Store macOS macOS 10.12.5 macOS Sierra Microsoft News Security Sierra Updates USB Windows Windows 10 MORE FROM iDB macOS 10.12.4 properly displays icons for Windows executable files in Finder Latest macOS 10.12.2 beta fixes MacBook Pro graphics glitches, says Apple’s Federighi Code strings in macOS Sierra hint at future Macs with 10 Gbps USB 3.1 Gen 2 support Andrieux Querido iPhone 7 Plus iOS 10.1.1 . Should i Update to 10.3.1 and wait for the Jailbreak or stay on 10.1.1? burge That’s for you to decide. Featured Latest Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to remove old Time Machine backups BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad takes place in a barbershop macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases Safari 10.1.1 for Mac fixes yet another instance of address bar spoofing Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Accessories BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Deals Charge & Sync Docks for $19 Jooicer: Lifetime Plan for $34 Aluminum Fidget Spinner for $12 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Worried about the global cyberattack? Here’s how to protect your digital self in 8 easy steps As the world reacts to the unprecedented “WannaCry” hack, here are some quick things you can use to protect yourself. It doesn't have to take long to secure yourself and your data.  (Dreamstime)   By Jonah Engel BromwichThe New York Times Mon., May 15, 2017 There are more reasons than ever to understand how to protect your personal information. Major website hackings seem ever more frequent. Investigators believe that a set of top-secret National Security Agency hacking tools were offered to online bidders last summer. And many of those worried about expanded government surveillance by the N.S.A. and other agencies have taken steps to secure their communications. In a post to the website Medium, Quincy Larson, the founder of Free Code Camp, an open-source community for learning to code, detailed the reasons it might be useful for people to make their personal data more difficult for attackers to obtain. “When I use the term ‘attacker’ I mean anyone trying to access your data whom you haven’t given express permission to,” he wrote, “whether it’s a hacker, a corporation or even a government.” Article Continued Below In an interview, Larson walked us through some of the basic steps he recommended. We added a few of our own, based on additional interviews. Now, let’s encrypt. 1. Download Signal, or Start Using WhatsApp to send text messages. Encryption is a fancy computer-person word for scrambling your data so no one can understand what it says without a key. But encrypting is more complex than just switching a couple of letters around. Larson said that by some estimates, with the default encryption scheme that Apple uses, “you’d have to have a supercomputer crunching day and night for years to be able to unlock a single computer.” He said the best way to destroy data was not to delete it, because it could potentially be resurrected from a hard drive, but to encode it in “a secure form of cryptography.” Signal is one of the most popular apps for those who want to protect their text messages. It is free and extremely easy to use. And unlike Apple’s iMessage, which is also encrypted, the code it uses to operate is open source. “You can be sure by looking at the code that they’re not doing anything weird with your data,” Larson said. “In general, the idea behind the app is to make privacy and communication as simple as possible,” said Moxie Marlinspike, the founder of Open Whisper Systems, the organization that developed Signal. That means that the app allows you to use emojis, send pictures and enter group texts. One bit of friction: You do have to persuade your friends to join the service, too, if you want to text them. The app makes that easy to do. WhatsApp, the popular free chat tool, uses Signal’s software to encrypt its messaging. And in Facebook Messenger and Google’s texting app Allo, you can turn on an option that encrypts your messages. Marlinspike said the presidential election had spurred a lot of interest in Signal, leading to a “substantial increase in users.” When asked, shortly after last November’s presidential election, to speculate why that was, Marlinspike simply said, “Donald Trump is about to be in control of the most powerful, invasive and least accountable surveillance apparatus in the world.” Signal is available for both Android and iOS. A wave of attacks have affected computer systems around the world since Friday. This Nov. 3, 2016, file photo shows a screen at the National Institute for Research in Computer Science and Automation in France.  (DAMIEN MEYER)   2. Protect your computer’s hard drive with FileVault or BitLocker. Your phone may be the device that lives in your pocket, but Larson described the computer as the real gold mine for personal information. Even if your data were password protected, someone who gained access to your computer “would have access to all your files if they were unencrypted.” Luckily, both Apple and Windows offer means of automatic encryption that simply need to be turned on. 3. The way you handle your passwords is probably wrong and bad. You know this by now. Changing your passwords frequently is one of the simplest things you can do to protect yourself from digital invasion. But making up new combinations all the time is irritating and inconvenient. Larson recommends password managers, which help store many passwords, with one master password. He said he uses LastPass but knows plenty of people who use 1Password and KeePass, and he doesn’t have a strong reason to recommend one over another. Not every security expert trusts password managers. Some noted that LastPass itself was hacked in 2015. So that means you may want to write them down in one secure location, perhaps a Post-it note at home. It seems more far-fetched that a hacker would bother to break into your home for a Post-it note than find a way into your computer. If you take that route, we suggest setting a weekly or biweekly calendar reminder to change your passwords. As far as making passwords up goes: Don’t be precious about it. Use a random word (an object near you while you are hunched over your Post-it), scramble the letters and sprinkle in numbers and punctuation marks. If you’re writing passwords down, you don’t have to worry about making them memorable. 4. Protect your email and other accounts with two-factor authentication. When you turn this step on, anyone trying to sign in to your email from new devices will have to go through a secondary layer of security: a code to enter the inbox that is sent to your phone via text message. (Though sadly, not through Signal.) You can also set two-factor authentication for social media accounts and other sites. But email is the most important account, since many sites use email for password recovery, a fact that hackers have exploited. Once they have access to your email, they can get access to banking, social media, data backups and work accounts. 5. Use a browser plug-in called HTTPS Everywhere. Marlinspike recommended this free plug-in, developed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital security organization. It ensures that you are using the secure form of websites, meaning that your connection to the site will be encrypted and that you will be protected from various forms of surveillance and hacking. And this is a good time to note that you should always find out whether the Wi-Fi network you are using is secure. Public networks — and even private networks without security keys — often are not. 6. Invest in a Virtual Private Network, or VPN. The New York Times’ personal tech expert, Brian X. Chen, recommends using a VPN to shield browsing information and hide your location. He highlights three providers: Freedome by F-Secure, TunnelBear and a service called Private Internet Access, each offering options that cost in the range of $5 a month. 7. Remember that incognito mode isn’t always private. You may be in such a hurry to use this feature, available on Chrome, Safari and Firefox, among other browsers, that you do not heed its clear warning. On Chrome, the second paragraph of the “incognito” home screen spells it out for you. “You aren’t invisible,” it says. “Going incognito doesn’t hide your browsing from your employer, your internet service provider or the websites you visit.” Larson recommended Tor in his article, a browser that allows for private web activity. But we’re not going to recommend that here, mostly because Tor is relatively slow and clunky at the moment. “I’ll be honest, I don’t use it very often,” Larson said. He said he suspected that other browsers would start adding ways to browse more securely. “Apple is very security conscious,” he said. “I wouldn’t be surprised if they started to incorporate Tor-like features into Safari.” 8. Do sensitive searches in DuckDuckGo. Larson said that if people were paranoid about Google, he would strongly encourage them to use DuckDuckGo, an alternative search engine. He said, however, that he was not paranoid. “Google is built on the hacker ethic, and they have put principle above profits in some aspects,” he said. But he also acknowledged that he meets “people all the time who are extremely skeptical of any large software organization, and I think that’s reasonable.” There are trade-offs. Google’s search results are more useful and accurate than competitors’ precisely because of the ways it collects and analyzes information about its customers’ searches. A Bonus: Cover your webcam with tape. That way, if someone has found a way to compromise your computer, they cannot spy on you through its camera. And yes, this happens. Happy encryption. Editors’ note: This article was originally published by the New York Times on Nov. 16, 2016. It has been updated. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 13°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Pillar’s walk-off blast caps Blue Jays’ deep sweep: DiManno Kevin Pillar’s first walk-off homer (and latest mind-boggling catch) plus Aaron Sanchez’s almost bloodless coup and Justin Smoak’s blast and Devon Travis’ doubles … suddenly, the Jays have a lot going their way. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Another report claims Apple working on diabetes treatment tech for Apple Watch, this time via ‘smart bands’ Jordan Kahn - May. 15th 2017 12:48 pm PT @JordanKahn Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit BGR is out with a report today that mostly echoes previous claims that Apple is working on diabetes treatment technology for an upcoming future version of the Apple Watch. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac According to our source, Apple’s sights are now set on the epidemic of diabetes, and the company plans to introduce a game-changing glucose monitoring feature in an upcoming Apple Watch… Our source indicates that Apple has hired 200 PhDs in the past year as part of the company’s laser lock on improving and innovating in the health space with Apple Watch. Today’s report is quite light on any actual details about how the technology would work, but it also claims Apple has interchangeable “smart watch bands” of sorts that it speculates could be used to facilitate the diabetes treatment. “Apple also plans to introduce interchangeable “smart watch bands” that add various functionality to the Apple Watch without added complexity, and without increasing the price of the watch itself. This could also mean that the glucose monitoring feature will be implemented as part of a smart band, rather than being built into the watch hardware.” Last month CNBC reported much of what BGR is saying today, claiming that Apple is developing a breakthrough solution for treating diabetes with Apple Watch and has a team dedicated to the project. That report claimed the development of the technology was far along enough for Apple to be “conducting feasibility trials at clinical sites across the Bay Area” as it prepared for the regulatory process required for such a medical device. As for how the technology works, CNBC’s report said sources indicated research was being done on a method that shines light through the skin to measure glucose levels. It’s also not the first time we’ve heard about the concept of smart bands, i.e. bands that would connect to the watch and provide additional functionality via sensors or other tech not built into the watch itself. Apple itself has filed patent applications for a band that integrates batteries to charge the watch and extend its battery life on the go. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
TRENDING CES 2017 Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Apple iOS 10.3.2 Is Now Available: What Is Included In This Update? – Forbes Click On Roger Goodell To Support Great Video-Blog News Coverage At Zennie62.com Posted on May 15 2017 - 2:26pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 15 Related ‘Phantom Dust’ returns tomorrow on Xbox One and PC — for free – Engadget Forbes Today Apple has launched iOS 10.3.2 for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Apple released five betas of iOS 10.3.2 to developers and the public before rolling out the final version. This update comes a bit over a month since iOS 10.3.1 was released on … Apple releases iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1, and macOS 10.12.5Macworld Apple releases updates for iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1AppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple fixes dozens of security bugs for iPhones, MacsZDNet Mac Rumors –Ars Technica –BGR –9to5Mac all 43 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Atlanta Falcons Waive Garrett Scantling NFL News, Oakland Raiders Las Vegas Questions IEC Launches Crop Management Services: Vineyard Grapes, Medical Marijuana $IDVV International Endeavors Corp Mates Glamping, Wine, Cannabis $IDVV Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream Kara McCullough Miss DC Is 2017 Miss USA Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege - Miss USA 2017 Warriors Beat Spurs 113-111 NBA Western Conf Finals Game 1 Happy Mother's Day Everyone Ben Shapiro Says Racist Things, Then Attacks Black Rapper For Calling Him Racist http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google to take on Siri with its own iPhone AI assistant app App will be an iOS version of the firm's Android assistant app  Could be shown off later this week at its I/O developer conference By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:11 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 16:50 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 10 shares 4 View comments Google is set to take on Siri in a battle of the smartphone smart assistants. The search giant is set to unveil an iOS app version of its popular Google assistant later this week at its I/O developer conference. The firm is expected to release the app as Apple is putting the finishing touches to a smart speaker based on its Siri technology. Scroll down for video  The search giant is set to unveil an iOS app version of its popular Google assistant later this week at its I/O developer conference. The same software powers its Home speaker (pictured) Android Police says 'according to a trusted source, Google plans to announce that the Google Assistant will be launching on iOS soon as a standalone app.  'The announcement could come as soon as Google's I/O conference this week, but it's unclear exactly what Google's plans are at this time.' It is believed the app will combine 'chat' style functionality in the Google Allo version of Assistant and the voice-controlled version found on Android.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Uber's self driving car setback as Judge bans executive... Why nobody will own a car in 2030: Self-driving, electric... Apple's watch really can save your life: Study finds its... The iPhone 8 will cost OVER $1000: Analyst claims highest... Share this article Share At the unveiling of its Home speaker in May, Google boss Sundar Pichai said:  'We think of the assistant as an ambient experience that goes across devices - this is more than just phones, it will be on devices they wear, in their car and in their living rooms.' The leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online activities such as shopping, since that gives the companies a better chance of selling advertising or other services. Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance with the advent of improved voice technology, according to Julie Ask, an analyst at Forrester Research. It comes as Apple is set to release a smart Siri speaker alongside a 10.5-inch iPad Pro at its highly anticipated World Developers Conference in June. The device is expected to resemble the 9.7-in model, but will boast a larger screen on the same chassis size with narrower bezels, and comes amid falling global tablet sales.   BATTLE OF THE HOME AI  Google's $130 (£105) Home speaker is triggered by the phrase 'Hey Google' while Amazon's Echo uses 'Alexa'. Amazon's smart speaker is available in two versions - the full sized $180 (£145) Echo shown here, and a smaller, $50 (£40) version called the Echo Dot. Amazon Echo relies on Microsoft's Bing search engine and Wikipedia, while Google Home uses the company's own Google Search. Both Home and Echo are continually listening for commands, though Google and Amazon say nothing gets passed back to them until the speakers hear a keyword — 'OK, Google' for Home and 'Alexa' for Echo. Google's Assistant software is also able to answer follow-up questions on the same topic, in a near-conversation style, but Echo as yet cannot. However, Amazon's Alexa software has a wider range of skills on offer that enable it to link up with and control more third-party devices around the home. A light comes on to remind you that it's listening. You can turn off the microphone temporarily, too.  Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference is set to kick off on June 5 and last until June 9, which the firm uses to showcase new software and technologies for developers. And Apple usually has a few surprises in stored for attendees and viewers. KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo shared the last predictions with 9to5Mac, in which he said there is more than 50 percent chance the smart speaker will be unveiled at the conference and more than 70 percent chance the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro will also make an appearance. Apple is set to release a 10.5-inch iPad Pro (stock) at its highly anticipated World Developers Conference in June. The device is expected to resemble the 9.7-in model, but will boast a larger screen on the same chassis size with narrower bezels Kuo described the iPad as 'an all-new design', as it will have the same chassis size as the 9.7-inch model, but will boast a larger screen. It is believed that the device will mirror the design of Apple's upcoming iPhone 8. And Kuo speculates that Apple will ship about six million 10.5-inch iPad Pros this year. But what has many iOS fans sitting on the edge of the seats is the possibility of a Siri Speaker. Rumors regarding the a smart speaker hit the web in September 2016, when news spread that the device had left the research and development lab and was being tested as a prototype. Although this technology would put the iPhone maker in the same game as Amazon and Google, who is developing Google Home, Apple envisions it a little different - it would augment its smartphones. APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed that Apple is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker that will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. Adding Airplay support to the device would let users push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth.   Rumors regarding the a smart speaker hit the web in September 2016, when news spread that the device had left the research and development lab and was being tested as a prototype He also revealed details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has also revealed that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show. Apple is attempting to differentiate itself from the other firms with more advanced microphone and speaker technology, two people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg in September. And some of the technology in the prototype includes facial recognition sensors, another said.  The public did not hear about the device again until April when Sonny Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, revealed that the Cupertino company was 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker and noted that it will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. The public did not hear about the device again until April when Sonny Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, revealed that the Cupertino company was 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker and noted that it will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'  Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world. It could also 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. The device could also be designed with capacitive buttons or a touch screen  Not only did he mention that the device is near completion, but he also shared details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' And earlier this month, Kuo said that the Apple will unveil the Siri speaker at WWDC. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Appl'e AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 for the Echo Dot.  Kuo has also noted that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show.     Read more: KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software | 9to5Mac Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online Google will announce Assistant for iOS soon, in the US only at launch Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Most watched News videos Bizarre footage of tattooed King of Thailand wearing a CROP TOP The Day the Dinosaurs Died: BBC releases trailer for new dino show Video of what appears to be Jayson lying handcuffed on the ground Shocking moment a child on a scooter collides with a moving car Watch the trailer for Shut-Ins: Britain's Fattest Woman Theresa May praises NHS staff in wake of cyber attack Adorable moment baby waits for beat to drop so she can dance The moment a bully picks the wrong fight and gets body slammed Police say they've commenced a garage search for Danielle Jones Video purports to show North Korea firing another ballistic missile Theresa May confronted on campaign trail by angry voter Government urged to clarify if cyber attack was preventable Homeland Security adviser warns about 'WannaCry' cyber... Tiny pug puppy caught on camera taking on the stairs and... Town hall BANS a cat from its offices because it's a... Brothers who used their family corner shop business to... Marvel cancels Black Lives Matter-themed comic book... Wisconsin police officer donating a kidney to an... Homeland Security adviser warns about 'WannaCry' cyber... Girl, 13, is kidnapped from her bus stop and raped in a... Strip club owner buys a house next door to his ex-wife...... Man, 64, who was accused in insurance fraud arson that... Crew member burned as mechanical fire breaks out aboard... Tiny pug puppy caught on camera taking on the stairs and... Time to upgrade your car? Shocking footage shows a 1998... Town hall BANS a cat from its offices because it's a... U.S. Marines debut new ad 'Battle Up' aimed at increasing... Three dead and 10 injured after train travelling from... Brothers who used their family corner shop business to... Marvel cancels Black Lives Matter-themed comic book... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 4 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that Campi Flegrei is at a 'critical stage' in the build... From the laws of mathematics to human consciousness: Expert explains why he thinks God DOES exist The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom: New BBC documentary reveals the moment an asteroid... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth The 'winged serpent' found in an ancient sinkhole: Fossil is new species of snake that lived 5 million years... Why you can't blame alcohol for bad behaviour: It DOESN'T alter personality - it just makes you more... Tractor beams, acoustic holograms and phones you never need to touch: Experts reveal the five ultrasound... SpaceX blasts off with record-breaking satellite payload in first launch for Inmarsat Mining the moon could give us enough rocket fuel to get to Mars, student project discovers Pentagon plans to use AI to defeat ISIS: Project Maven set to analyse drone footage Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe Can YOU tell which table is bigger? Optical illusion plays tricks with our depth perception Plastic Island: A hermit crab living in a make-up pot. A turtle strangled by discarded cord. It’s miles from... MORE HEADLINES Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that Campi Flegrei is at a 'critical stage' in the build up to a devastating eruption The 'giant lava lamp' inside the Earth that might FLIP the planet's magnetic field From the laws of mathematics to human consciousness: Expert explains why he thinks God DOES exist Are you ready for the 'Great American Eclipse?' How to prepare for the incredible phenomenon that will darken the country from Oregon to South Carolina in just 100 days What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth Plastic Island: A hermit crab living in a make-up pot. A turtle strangled by discarded cord. It’s miles from civilisation but this deserted atoll’s STILL chocked with 37million piece of our rubbish  Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites Say goodbye to the MP3: Format is officially 'killed off' after founders terminate its licensing programme 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life The elegant song and dance that keeps Earth-like planets in the Trappist 1 system from destroying each other Why nobody will own a car in 2030: Self-driving, electric ride-shares will spell the end for traditional automobiles Meet Skydrive: Toyota backs Japanese flying CAR that could take to the skies next year Can YOU tell which table is bigger? Optical illusion plays tricks with our depth perception Apple to unveil redesigned iPad next month alongside Beats Siri speaker in attempt to boost flagging tablet sales MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story A lobby worthy of a James Bond movie, mini nail-polish dryers and loos with a massage function: Inside the jaw-dropping Tokyo hotel that you'll love... if you're feeling flush comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Colgate, Mtn Dew, Coke and More 24 minutes ago Array 0 Microsoft Will Be Just Fine Even After World's Largest Cyber Attack By George Slefo - 51 minutes ago Array 0 Upfronts Diary: Did You Know NBC Airs 'This Is Us?' By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago Array 0 AB InBev Will Spend $2 Billion to Break Out Beyond Bud 3 hours ago Array 0 See Full Trailers for NBC's New Fall Shows (All Three) Including 'Will & Grace' 3 hours ago Array 0 Team of Rivals: Inside Fox, Turner and Viacom's Strange Collaboration By Jeanine Poggi - 9 hours ago 0 Upfronts Diary: Did You Know NBC Airs 'This Is Us?' By Jeanine Poggi - 2 hours ago 0 Better the Devil You Know: Fox Orders Just 3 New Series for Fall By Anthony Crupi - 5 hours ago 0 Dairy Industry Ready to Remind Us Just How Much We Love It By Jessica Wohl - 11 hours ago 0 Cross-Screen Addressable Advertising Is Here By Rick Welday - 7 hours ago 0 Upfronts: NBC Revives 'Will and Grace,' Must See TV Tagline By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Team of Rivals: Inside Fox, Turner and Viacom's Strange Collaboration By Jeanine Poggi - 9 hours ago 0 Dairy Industry Ready to Remind Us Just How Much We Love It By Jessica Wohl - 11 hours ago 0 Finances Are Family Affair in MassMutual Campaign By Adrianne Pasquarelli and Lindsay Stein - 16 hours ago 0 Cross-Screen Addressable Advertising Is Here By Rick Welday - 6 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Microsoft Will Be Just Fine Even After World's Largest Cyber Attack By George Slefo. Published on May 15, 2017. Microsoft's Silicon Valley Center in California. Credit: jejim/iStock Most Popular Hospitals, automotive manufacturers and regular consumers have fallen prey to the largest ransomware attack in internet history as hackers exploit a known vulnerability in Microsoft's operating system. Sounds dire. But the Microsoft brand is likely to emerge without significant damage, partly because cyber attacks have become commonplace even if the scale has grown. It's unlikely that the incident will drive institutions and consumers from Microsoft toward Apple products, even in spite their reputation for being immune to such outbreaks. "I don't believe the Apple-Microsoft debate is about security," said Sean Pike, program VP in the security products group at IDC, a tech industry research provider. "If Apple or any other operating system became the predominant system, I'm positive that more attacks would target vulnerabilities specific to that operating system." Apple's share of new worldwide PC shipments has grown to about 7% last year from 5% in 2012, according to the latest figures from IDC. Microsoft, in contrast, controlled 90% of the PC market. "Everyone is a bit numb to attacks because they hear so much about them now and Microsoft benefits from that," Pike added. "When something happens, the finger gets pointed at the attacker, not at Microsoft. It also help that Microsoft had already deployed a patch capable of stopping this attack." The attackers are demanding payment to let users back into an estimated 230,000 computer systems in more than 150 countries, systems seized using an exploit uncovered by the National Security Agency and made public last month by hackers. Brands like Nissan and FedEx have said they've been affected. It's unclear whether other major marketers were hit. Microsoft released a patch to address the issue in March, but many users have yet to update their systems. While the attack has dominated headlines for several days, Microsoft itself has said relatively little about it. It doesn't mention it on its website or Facebook page, where consumers might presumably look for guidance or notice a warning. It has, however, retweeted a blog post by Brad Smith, president and chief legal officer at Microsoft, who directs much of the blame toward the U.S. government, arguing that it should have alerted the $524 billion tech titan about the problem. In an emailed statement, Microsoft said those that are running its free antivirus software or have Windows Update enabled are protected. "Given the potential impact to customers and their businesses, we have also released updates for Windows XP, Windows 8, and Windows Server 2003," it said. Brandwatch, a social media monitoring company, said mentions of "WannaCry" or "WannaCrypt" have been mentioned more than 230,000 times on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram since Friday. "While the WannaCry attack exploited vulnerabilities in Microsoft systems and devices, the attack itself shouldn't hurt Microsoft's brand," Kellan Terry, senior data analyst at Brandwatch, said. "It's never ideal to be associated with a negative happening like this, but Microsoft didn't perpetuate the attack itself. The brand, here too, is a victim. It would be a different story if the attack compromised newer systems, but it specifically sought out those that are old and outdated." "This may give some people pause the next time they look to purchase a computer, but ultimately people generally choose a brand and operating system that they are familiar and comfortable with," Terry added. The issue is more of a "security orchestration problem" for businesses, which need to make sure they're on top of updating and patching the software on their computers, according to IDC's Pike. "It's a big surprise when ransomware hits, and suddenly the most important machine in a business doesn't work anymore," he said. "That is the definition of living dangerously. Organizations have to understand critical assets and take appropriate measures to rectify any security challenges present." YouGov BrandIndex, which conducts daily consumer research on major brands, said it's too early to determine whether the WannaCry virus has damaged perceptions of Microsoft or purchase consideration. In this article: Consumer Electronics Digital Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Augmented reality: An enterprise business imperative Consumer brands and enterprise B2B vendors must understand and get ready for augmented reality. These technologies will play an important part in digital transformation efforts of many organizations. By Michael Krigsman for Beyond IT Failure | May 15, 2017 -- 19:37 GMT (12:37 PDT) | Topic: CXO We hear terms like virtual reality and augmented reality without always understanding what they mean and the implications for business. Beyond cute stickers in Snapchat or Pokemon Go, augmented reality is going to have a profound impact on many parts of our lives including social relationships, professional activities, and culture. In the coming years, domains as diverse as medicine, training and education, customer and field service, and transportation - to name but a few - will change as the technology companies, telecom suppliers, and governments build the infrastructure needed to support wide-scale adoption of augmented reality. I believe there is no question that innovator technology organizations in the enterprise must start learning about augmented reality. Whether you sell to consumers or B2B, now is the time to plan your augmented reality strategy. Focus first on the business strategy. Although augmented reality requires a significant technology infrastructure, the business case must drive how you deploy the technology. For example, if your company provides field service, the first step is figuring out how augmented reality can help your organization better serve its customers. If you run a hotel or resort, begin with the question, "How can augmented reality improve the guest experience?". As with any form of digital transformation, success with augmented reality demands collaboration across the entire organization. The CIO will probably build out the infrastructure; marketing and product development will formulate product offerings; customer service will determine how to incorporate augmented reality in post-sales support. And the CEO will ultimately be responsible for examining the business model implications. In summary, augmented reality represents a frontier of innovation that will happen; it's only a matter of time. To explore this topic, I invited two of the world's most prominent experts to participate on Episode 228 of the CXOTALK series of conversations with innovators. Robert Scoble and Shel Israel are well-known technology authors, researchers, and consultants. Their latest book, The Fourth Transformation, explores the implications of these technologies for both consumers and the enterprise. Watch the video embedded above and read a complete transcript at the CXOTALK site. As always, you can download the podcast on iTunes. Here is an excerpt from the video with an edited transcript: What's the difference between AR, VR, and mixed reality? Robert Scoble: So VR, first of all, you're in a black box and you're only seeing virtual things. You're not seeing the real world at all. With AR, or augmented reality, you can today use your phone like on Snapchat or on Facebook and aim it at things, and see virtual things on top of the world. Soon, you're going to be wearing glasses, and soon, being in the next three to four years, you're going to see a range of glasses from companies like Apple, Facebook, Snap... There are ten under development that Shel and I know about, and we probably don't know about all of them. That will lock the virtual image to the real world, and let you walk around it. And, that can interact, and that's really mind-blowing. I mean, with the HoloLens, you can have aliens coming out of your walls, and they're putting holes in your real wall. You're seeing the real wall, but it looks like there's an alien coming through it. And it's like, mind-blowing what this technology does for education, for retail, for all sorts of things. Your book is called "The Fourth Transformation." Give us an overview. Shel Israel: In the First Transformation, we started with putting words into PCs, on knowledge worker desktops, in the form of personal computers. Then, we went to point-and-click with the McIntosh, and that meant everyone could use these desktop things. Then, we went to touch and mobility, and that brought us into what is now this third transformation where anyone is using digital technology everywhere. Now, we're going to go to a system which is much more intimate than what we have with phones. We're going to have things in a few years that look like glasses I'm wearing. And, they are going to allow us to do all the things that I had just named: MR, AR, VR; and we're not going to look freakish, and we're not going to be tethered to anything. This means that the customer experience in stores is going to change because they can do things in 3D. They will walk into stores, be at home, and have an immersive experience with the product. This means that surgeons can get assistance while wearing headsets. It means that anatomy students will be doing virtual surgeries in headsets, rather than with frozen cadavers. Every single place we look will be virtual teachers in China, at least; students will learn what looks like what the Civil War was like not be memorizing the name of a battle and by dates, but by actually getting to Gettysburg and getting the full impact of what a bloody war is like. Wherever you look, whatever you do, it's going to be enhanced with mixed reality technologies. What kind of investment is needed to make this vision to fruition? Robert Scoble: Sensors that are seen around the world that is billions of dollars for R&D. IM-Sense was bought by Apple. Google Tango is doing the same kinds of research; Meta is doing the same kind of ... Everybody who wants to build a mixed reality glass has to build sensors to see the world in 3D and bring it into the glass. Then, you talk about the connectivity that you're going to need, right? Because with mixed reality glasses, you get as many TV screens around you as you want. So, imagine being able to watch CNN here; here, ESPN is playing; and over here, you can watch your security cameras from your business; and over here, you can watch Amazon servers; and over here, you can watch Facebook. You just look around, you have dozens of screens all around you, and you don't have to buy more if you want more screens. But, to serve all those screens with hi-res 4K or 8K video, or eventually even more in the future, you're going to need a lot of bandwidth, and that's 5G. 5G brings 35 gigabits per seconds down to the glasses, but we don't yet have 5G yet. Verizon has to re-do the architecture on a city because the cell tower needs to be a kilometer and a half from you or closer, and that's not true with today's cell technology. You can be 15 kilometers away. So, they need to put a lot more cell towers into a city, and they put fiber into each one of those antennas, so it's going to bring us 5G. That's coming this year. Verizon is turning on the first 11 cities this year. You go through the GPU; the GPU is needed to display the polygons. So, when you see virtual things in VR or AR, you're seeing millions of little polygons or little triangles that are underneath what you're seeing; and you'll need a better GPU to process more of those. So, if you want to increase the resolution or increase the frame rates, or increase the experience of being immersed in the media, you need more GPU; or, you need to do a lot of trickery with [...] rendering. And you look at the R&D budgets of NVidia, and AMD, Qualcomm, and other companies that are building these chips; they are spending billions of dollars per quarter in R&D. Then you keep looking around; companies are building eye sensors. GoogleBot, Eyefluence that's in our book, Facebook product company called Eye Tribe; there is lots of money spent on that, and particularly in the new user interfaces that you're experiencing when you get a glass like this. They're investing that. You just keep moving down the stack. The whole thing is expensive, and there are ten companies building these glasses, and they're all building their own infrastructure. And the infrastructure; Apple's building a CDN, so think about putting a server near you, so you have low-latency VR; you can play football with your friends over the internet. That requires a CDN that's a massive new expenditure for Apple and other companies. Let's talk about one that you're going to hear a lot more about: Facebook was the first one to use this term on stage in a big way; in a big, company way. And that's "SLAM." Simultaneous Location And Mapping; which means we're building a 3D map of the world, and it's not a map like Google Maps, where there is just a line in the middle of the street, but it's capturing the entire street in 3D. And, we're not just going to capture the street, we're going to capture every surface in the world with these glasses, and build a massive database. How big is that database going to be? Petabytes or Exabytes? How massive [an] amount of server space just to keep a 3D copy of the world at some resolution? You know, let's say a millimeter per pixel or voxel resolution around you? That's a huge amount of data, and that's a billion dollars right there just in a data center to start with. It might be three or four billion, once you are done, and certainly, you are going to have to change those machines out like you do with cloud computing machines at Amazon, for instance. And so, that's, right there, that's a billion dollars, minimum. And, Uber's building one of those copies, Mercedes is building one of those copies, Google already built one of those copies, Apple's building one of those copies, Facebook is working on this, right? That's what they were showing off when they said, "Oh, you can lock virtual things onto your tabletop. That's using SLAM; the phone instantly builds a point-cloud and then a 3D model of the world, and then starts doing AI to figure out how to lock things properly to the surfaces in your room. And that's going to be something that over the next 18 months, you're going to see a lot more of; because right now, we haven't seen any of the really good AI that recognizes the objects in your room, but that's coming, and that's coming big time according to Google because they're going to use the data that they built off the self-driving cars to bring to our glasses. And how many objects in the street does the Google self-driving car or now Waymo, recognize the hundreds of thousands of things, right? Because it needs to see a stop sign or a stop light and know what to do! And, the glasses are going to do the same thing. When you walk around, it's going to tell you stuff about the world that you're looking at. What's the time frame for all this to happen? Robert Scoble: It's now! This week, Facebook and Snap laid out expansive strategies for this. And if you're not paying attention to that, you're going to get slammed every month because, over the next 24 months, you're going to see ten glasses come out; and big companies come out with major new strategies around this. Apple is the one that I'm looking at the most, and Tim Cook has been out there talking about AR for a year now. Now, we have a question. Does he ship this year, does he ship next year, does he ship in 2019, but certainly by 2019, everybody is in the game! If you're running a business, you have to start thinking about how your customers in three years are going to experience your business as they walk in, or as they call you from this mixed reality world and what their experience expectation is going to be. How can brands today prepare for this inevitable future? Robert Scoble: You need to start getting into VR or getting a HoloLens and start thinking through strategically how your business is going to be changed by these technologies. Sephora, for instance, already is doing augmented reality signs in the stores, and they're already building augmented reality into their Apple app to augment makeup onto your face so that you could try out pink lipstick, for instance, on the Sephora app on the iPhone or Android. And they're already playing with this. So when the glasses come along, they're already going to have their engineering teams geared up, and they're already going to have a good idea of how they're going to build things, and they're going to be able to build it iteratively and nicely. And now, a Unity developer is fairly cheap, and in a year, a Unity developer is going to cost three times more than it does today. So, if you convince a Unity developer to come and join your team today, you're going to get them cheaper than you will in a year because Apple and Facebook and Google and Snap are going to wake everybody up. If that's the lesson this week, companies need to wake up to the fact that this stuff is becoming real, and fast. And you need to get into it. One deep change, your brand is going to be sprayed onto the world. You're going to walk into a hotel in five years, and the hotel is going to be augmented. Disneyland is going to be augmented. They're already working on it. So, their customers are going to walk in with Apple, or Facebook, or Google Glasses, or Snap Glasses, and things are going to be augmented in the park when you walk around. So, you are going to have to build a new kind of team that hasn't existed, and is a cultural review team, because you're going to make mistakes in this new world that are cultural. You might piss off Trump supporters, for instance; well, that's a lot of people to piss off. So, you've got to run a diverse team of people through your software the same way you run a diverse group of people through, to make sure you don't have bugs and crashes; to make sure you don't make cultural mistakes; make sure there are no Nazi symbols on the walls anywhere ... That's not through the design process. This stuff happens, but you need to have a team to work on this. Shel Israel: This is where the humans meet the sensors. This is all this Internet of Things; it has no value unless we interact with it and that's how we're going to be doing it. In every aspect of learning. [For example] virtual teachers in China. They can't produce teachers fast enough to keep up with students. So now, they're experimenting with a game company in a classroom where kids wear glasses, and they customize their teachers. It can be an old teacher, a young teacher; a teacher watches the student and teachers as the pace where a student learns. The teacher gets bored, the teacher, the virtual teacher, creates a pop quiz right there. This allows every pupil, for better or worse, to have a customized education at that pupil's ability to learn; no faster, no slower. And you can't do that in a classroom. So, if you bet against what we're betting on, then you're betting against the best and brightest technology companies in the world, and the best and brightest new developers in the world. CXOTALK brings you the world's most innovative business leaders, authors, and analysts for in-depth discussion unavailable anywhere else. Enjoy all our episodes and download the podcast from iTunes. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation A company like me: Beyond customer-centric to customer-engaged Innovation ​Omnichannel debunked in less than 5 minutes Innovation How Avis Budget Group approaches innovation, business, IoT, smart cities Internet of Things C3 IoT CEO Tom Siebel: CEO, boards driving IoT, digital transformation deals × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Policy & Law US & World White House claims Apple’s $1 billion US investment is sign of ‘optimism’ around Trump New, 22 comments by Chris Welch May 15, 2017, 3:30pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday afternoon cited Apple’s $1 billion investment in US manufacturing as a sign of “optimism” around President Trump’s domestic economic agenda. “The president is also glad to see businesses once again making significant investments in America,” Spicer said at the daily press briefing. “From Intel to General Motors to Walmart to Apple — who specifically just announced earlier this month they will start a $1 billion fund to promote advanced manufacturing jobs here in the United States. And it’s not just the president’s domestic economic policies that are generating optimism,” he said. Corning Glass, one of Apple’s US-based suppliers, was announced on Friday as the first recipient of funds from the program. It will be awarded $200 million. Apple CEO Tim Cook announced the Advanced Manufacturing Fund in early May during an appearance on CNBC’s Mad Money; he made no mention of it being influenced by or created as a result of President Trump’s policies, however. Apple says the $1 billion program “is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US.” The company has recently been doing more to promote its record of job creation in the United States. Apple has never said the fund was shaped by Trump’s agenda When questioned on Apple’s relationship with Trump, Cook at one point mentioned his company’s strong disapproval of Trump’s immigration orders, which have been challenged by US courts. “With each administration, in every country in the world, there are things [where] you disagree and things [where] you agree. And you look to find common ground and try to influence the things you don't. If you don't show up, I think that's the worst scenario. Because then you're quiet and this doesn't do your cause any good, or your point of view any good.” During the interview, Cook again expressed hope that the government will soon enact sweeping tax policy reforms. The $1 billion fund could be one way for Apple to win leverage in Washington as Trump works to advance his proposals. Spicer highlighted Apple’s announcement just moments after Tom Bossert, Trump’s Homeland Security advisor, began the press briefing with an update on the massive WannaCry ransomware attack that has sprung up around the world. That attack utilizes an exploit believed to have been developed by the NSA. Microsoft has since voiced its frustration with governments for “stockpiling” vulnerabilities for their own interests. Many have viewed the WannaCry catastrophe as evidence that Apple made the right decision when the company found itself at odds with the FBI and Obama administration over encryption last year. At the time, Tim Cook argued that helping law enforcement break the security protections of iOS “could expose people to incredible vulnerabilities.” The encryption debate could potentially be revived under President Trump’s administration. “This is not something that we would create. This would be bad for America,” Cook said. Donald Trump, then still a candidate, encouraged a boycott of Apple products until the company complied with assisting the FBI. The Verge has reached out to Apple for comment on whether the Advanced Manufacturing Fund is an outcome of Trump’s policies, as Spicer suggested. The president has been criticized for taking credit for economic deals first announced during Barack Obama’s presidency; companies like Intel have also been less than honest in their publicity and messaging. Next Up In Tech UploadVR sued for ‘rampant’ sexual harassment and discrimination Pirates pirate Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and demand ransom from Disney ZeniMax is suing Samsung after winning its case against Oculus The WannaCry ransomware has mysterious ties to North Korea Maven, GM’s car-sharing service, is launching in New York City YouTube TV fleshes out its lineup with AMC, BBC America, and more Now Trending Is Microsoft to blame for the largest ransomware attacks in internet history? When software outruns hardware Pirates pirate Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and demand ransom from Disney Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ Windows XP patch to prevent massive ransomware attack Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest UploadVR sued for ‘rampant’ sexual harassment and discrimination by Nick Statt 3 comments / new Pirates pirate Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and demand ransom from Disney by Jacob Kastrenakes 20 comments / new ZeniMax is suing Samsung after winning its case against Oculus by Adi Robertson 4 comments / new What we want from a Game of Thrones prequel by Kwame Opam and Chaim Gartenberg 9 comments / new Pretty good prank: promoting The Emoji Movie at Cannes by Kaitlyn Tiffany 5 comments / new The WannaCry ransomware has mysterious ties to North Korea by Russell Brandom 12 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack Yoni Heisler BGR News May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The proliferation of the WannaCry ransomware last week unequivocally justifies Apple’s steadfast refusal to help the FBI break into an iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino terrorists. As a quick refresher, the FBI last year wanted Apple engineers to create a brand new version of iOS that would allow them to skirt around iOS security measures. As a precaution, a security setting in iOS wipes a device clean after 10 erroneous passcode entry attempts. The FBI, as a result, tried to force Apple to release a specialized version of iOS that would not include this security limitation. Don't Miss: 5 different Bose wireless speakers and a pair of over-ear headphones are all on sale right now Apple abhorred the very idea from the get-go, with Tim Cook going so far as to say that the FBI wanted Apple to create something that it viewed as “the software equivalent of cancer.” From Apple’s vantage point, creating software capable of circumventing important iOS security mechanisms was a monumental risk as there is no way to guarantee that the customized software wouldn’t eventually fall into the wrong hands. So while Cook’s cancer analogy might have struck some as being extreme, the WannaCry ransomware saga last week proves that once a piece of malicious software is created, it’s impossible to keep it out of the hands of malicious actors. According to reports, the WannaCry ransomware — which infected more than 200,000 computers across 150 different countries in less than 24 hours — was based on an NSA exploit released by a hacking collective known as the Shadow Brokers. In fact, WannaCry began infecting computers worldwide just about 4 weeks after the Shadow Brokers released a treasure trove of NSA hacking tools and exploits for anyone in the world to explore and use. The Intercept adds: Today shows exactly what’s at stake when government hackers can’t keep their virtual weapons locked up. As security researcher Matthew Hickey, who tracked the leaked NSA tools last month, put it, “I am actually surprised that a weaponized malware of this nature didn’t spread sooner.” So while former FBI director James Comey promised Apple that they would be able to keep a customized version of iOS from falling into the wrong hands, there’s really no way for anyone to make such a promise with 100% certainty. If it’s possible for top-secret NSA exploits to eventually see the light of day, it’s also possible for the FBI’s own arsenal of hacking tools to eventually fall into the wrong hands. In light of the WannaCry attack, Tim Cook’s words during an interview with ABC last year ring truer than ever before: “If we knew a way to do this without exposing hundreds of millions of other people’s issues we would obviously do it. We need to stand tall and stand tall on principle. There’s probably more information about you on your phone than there is in your house… they’re also loaded with the location of our kids in many cases, and so it’s not just about privacy but it’s also about public safety.” And speaking of public safety, one of the reasons why the WannaCry malware first started generating headlines was because it began infecting scores of computers at a number of hospitals all across the UK. Incidentally, Microsoft on Sunday issued a statement blasting government agencies for hoarding dangerous exploits. The entire piece is worth a read, but one of the most pertinent excerpts reads: Finally, this attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem. This is an emerging pattern in 2017. We have seen vulnerabilities stored by the CIA show up on WikiLeaks, and now this vulnerability stolen from the NSA has affected customers around the world. Repeatedly, exploits in the hands of governments have leaked into the public domain and caused widespread damage. An equivalent scenario with conventional weapons would be the U.S. military having some of its Tomahawk missiles stolen. And this most recent attack represents a completely unintended but disconcerting link between the two most serious forms of cybersecurity threats in the world today – nation-state action and organized criminal action. The full statement, penned by Microsoft Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith, can be viewed over here. Trending right now: WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack New ‘Legend of Zelda’ game reportedly coming to iPhone and Android OnePlus 5 leak shows specs and price that would make it crazy to buy a Galaxy S8 instead See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil BGR News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech AMD’s Threadripper processors could put an end to Intel’s dominance in CPUs Digital Trends Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead BGR News Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Here's how you can protect your PC from the 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Digital Trends
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Hedge Funds Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Value investing giant who takes after Buffett just bought big stakes in two Apple suppliers Baupost's Seth Klarman bought new stakes in Qualcomm and Qorvo during the first quarter, according to an SEC filing. The firm has $30 billion in assets under management as of year-end 2016, according to a fund spokesperson. Tae Kim | @firstadopter 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Seth Klarman Seth Klarman, the value investing giant who draws comparisons to Warren Buffett, bought large stakes in two Apple suppliers during the first quarter, according to an SEC filing Friday after the market close. Klarman's hedge fund, Baupost, acquired 5.2 million shares of Qualcomm worth $299 million and 7.2 million shares of Qorvo worth $493 million, according to the March quarter 13F filing. Four times a year, hedge funds file their long positions with the SEC and the information is released to the public 45 days after each quarter ends. Qualcomm licenses its wireless technology and manufactures mobile chipsets. And Qorvo makes radio frequency semiconductors, which enable the ability for smartphones to communicate with wireless networks. Both firms count Apple as a customer, according to FactSet. Apple sued Qualcomm for approximately $1 billion in Jan. 2017 due to a royalty dispute. Investors are also increasingly concerned over Apple's suppliers after the smartphone maker decided to drop Imagination Technologies last month, which resulted in a 62 percent one-day decline in the firm's shares. But where some investors see trouble, value investors like Klarman see a bargain. Klarman's fund has reportedly generated annual returns of 16.4 percent and $22.6 billion in net profit for his clients since inception through 2015. Baupost has $30 billion of assets under management as of year-end 2016, according to a firm spokesperson. The hedge fund manager is revered in value investing circles for his disciplined investing philosophy. Used copies of his "Margin of Safety" investment book still sell for more than $900 online. Baupost declined to comment on the fund's new investment positions when reached for this story. Qualcomm shares traded roughly flat, while Qorvo stock rose 6 percent midday Monday. Watch: Klarman warns on valuations show chapters Legendary investor warns valuations 'perilously high'    Tuesday, 7 Feb 2017 | 1:50 PM ET | 01:26 Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change IMG --- QRVO --- QCOM --- AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Share Tweet iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4: Which budget iPad is best? Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews iPad iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4 iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4 We compare the specs, features and design of Apple's two most budget-friendly tablets, and help you decide if the iPad 2017 or iPad mini 4 is best for you by David Price | 15 May 17 Apple A9 processor 2GB RAM 32GB / 128GB onboard storage iOS 10 IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 2048 x 1536 pixels 9.7 inches 264 ppi pixel density Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac dual-band Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth 4.2 8Mp 1.2Mp cameras 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm 469g (478g for 4G version) Price RRP: £339 (32GB, Wi-Fi only); £429 (128GB, Wi-Fi only); £469 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular); £559 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular), USUS$329 (32GB, Wi-Fi only); USUS$429 (128GB, Wi-Fi only); USUS$459 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular); USUS$559 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular) Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4 In April 2017 Apple launched a new iPad, as had been widely predicted. But in other ways it defied expectations. This wasn't the blockbuster iPad Pro 2 launch we were hoping for (which may have to wait until WWDC 2017); instead, it was a quiet update to, and replacement for, the iPad Air 2, slipped out in a press release with no fanfare. At the same time, Apple discontinued the iPad mini 2, meaning the two cheapest iPad options are now the new iPad 2017 (starting at £339), and the iPad mini 4 (starting at £419 - although this comes with more storage). In this article we compare the specs, features and design of Apple's two most budget-friendly tablets, and help you decide which is the one for you. Read next: iPad buying guide 2017 If you reach a decision after reading our article, you can buy the iPad 2017 here, and you can buy iPad mini 4 here. Design & build quality Apple settled on an attractive, minimalist tablet design about four years ago and hasn't changed the formula much since then. The iPad mini 4 and iPad 2017 look roughly the same, except that the former is smaller. iPad 2017... ...and iPad mini 4 Both have slim bodies (although the iPad 2017 is less slim than its predecessors - see below) and attractive chamferred edges, curving elegantly towards the rear; both feature Home buttons with built-in Touch ID and Lightning docks at the bottom. They both have headphone ports too, in case the iPhone 7's design was causing you concern. As mentioned the iPad 2017 is thicker and heavier than the mini 4, and indeed thicker and heavier than its predecessor, the Air 2. Here are the dimensions. (We return to this in the specs section.) iPad 2017: 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm; 469g/478g (Wi-Fi/cellular) iPad mini 4: 203.2mm x 134.8mm x 6.1mm; 298.8g/304g (Wi-Fi/cellular) Colour options The iPad 2017 and iPad mini 4 are both available in three colours: silver, gold and Space Grey. Neither is available in the Rose Gold (pink) option that we're quite fond of, even if it's a bit of an opinion divider. If you want a pink iPad you'll need to buy an iPad Pro, as shown in this photo of (from bottom to top), iPad Air 1, iPad Air 2, iPad Pro 9.7in, and iPad 2017. Screen The iPad 2017 wins in terms of screen space, but the mini 4's smaller display is better in two key areas. It's sharper, with a pixel density of 326 pixels per inch to the iPad 2017's 264ppi. Indeed, both devices have the same number of pixels, but the mini's have been squeezed into a smaller space. And the mini 4's screen is laminated, like those on the iPad Pros and Air 2. The iPad 2017 has an unlamented screen, like the iPad Air 1, which means it 'gives' slightly when you press it. This isn't a huge problem but makes the device feel a bit cheaper in use. iPad 2017: 9.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display with IPS technology; 2048x1536-pixel resolution at 264ppi. Unlaminated display iPad mini 4: 7.9-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display; 2048x1536 resolution at 326 ppi; anti-reflective coating. Laminated display Features In this department these two devices are a close match, since the iPad 2017 retained none of the new features introduced with the iPad Pro tablets. Neither the iPad 2017 nor the iPad mini 4 get Apple Pencil or Smart Keyboard compatibility; or quad-speaker audio; or True Tone display tech. They both get the usual iPad package of features, including Touch ID and Apple Pay and the Retina display. Specs Let's take a look at the internals. The iPad 2017 has a faster processor chip and a larger battery; the mini 4 has a sharper screen and a more portable chassis. In most other respects the two devices' specs are the same or closely matched. Processor The new iPad gets a processor that's one generation more advanced than the mini 4. That might seem obvious - newer iPad, newer processor - but in many respects the iPad 2017 is closer in spec to the iPad Air 2, which is a year older than the mini 4. Still: in this key area the iPad 2017 has a foot up on its smaller cousin. Apple says the A9, which first appeared in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus and is also used in the iPhone SE, is around 70 percent faster than the A8, but that's only on paper - the degree to which the difference is noticeable will depend on how demanding are the tasks you set your tablet. High-powered games, for instance, will showcase the A9's capabilities; browsing the web and using email will not. iPad 2017: A9 chip with 64bit architecture; Embedded M9 coprocessor iPad mini 4: A8 chip with 64bit architecture; M8 motion coprocessor RAM Both tablets come with a fairly standard (for Apple) 2GB allocation of RAM. Only the iPad Pro 12.9in gets more, with 4GB; even the iPad Pro 9.7in has to settle for 2GB. iPad 2017: 2GB RAM iPad mini 4: 2GB RAM Storage You get less choice if you plump for the mini 4, which is only available with 128GB of storage. The iPad 2017 is also available with 32GB, which enables it to come in at a lower starting price. iPad 2017: 32GB or 128GB iPad mini 4: 128GB Screen size & resolution iPad 2017: 9.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display with IPS technology; 2048x1536-pixel resolution at 264ppi. Unlaminated display iPad mini 4: 7.9-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display; 2048x1536 resolution at 326 ppi; anti-reflective coating. Laminated display Rear-facing camera Apple's two budget tablets come with the same camera setup. They're decent cameras but lack the rear-facing flash that you get with the iPad Pro 9.7in. iPad 2017: 8Mp; ƒ/2.4 aperture; auto image stabilisation; 1080p HD video recording (30 fps). No flash. iPad mini 4: 8Mp; ƒ/2.4 aperture; auto image stabilisation; 1080p HD video recording (30 fps). No flash. Front-facing camera iPad 2017: 1.2Mp; ƒ/2.2 aperture; 720p HD video recording. No flash. iPad mini 4: 1.2Mp; ƒ/2.2 aperture; 720p HD video recording. No flash. Battery iPad 2017: 32.4-watt-hour (8,827 mAh). Claimed battery life up to 10 hours of surfing the web on Wi-Fi, up to 9 hours using mobile data network iPad mini 4: 19.1-watt-hour (5,124 mAh). Claimed battery life up to 10 hours of surfing the web on Wi-Fi, up to 9 hours using mobile data network Despite the differences in capacity, Apple gives the same estimated battery life for both devices - 10 hours using Wi-Fi, nine using 4G - but our experience suggests that the iPad 2017 should last longer away from the mains. Geekbench 3 battery - iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4 Create bar charts Speakers Neither of these tablets get the upgraded quad-speaker audio setup offered by the iPad Pro. iPad 2017: two iPad mini 4: two Dimensions & weight The iPad 2017 is 23 percent thicker than the mini 4 and 57 percent heavier. It's actually bulkier than its predecessor, the Air 2, and has the same dimensions as 2013's iPad Air 1. iPad 2017: 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm; 469g/478g (Wi-Fi/cellular) iPad mini 4: 203.2mm x 134.8mm x 6.1mm; 298.8g/304g (Wi-Fi/cellular) UK price If your first priority is getting an iPad for the lowest possible price, the iPad 2017 is the choice for you, starting at just £339 - £80 lower than any other iPad currently offered by Apple. (You can get lower prices still by looking for an iPad mini 2 or iPad Air 2 second-hand, and Apple itself still sells these devices to customers in the education sector.) Bear in mind, however, that the main reason why the mini 4 starts at a higher price is that it isn't available with 32GB of storage - you're obliged to go for 128GB. (You'll note that the 128GB version of the iPad 2017 is actually slightly more expensive than the mini 4 equivalent.) This is annoying for budget-conscious customers, but does mean that going for the mini 4 means you'll have a bit more storage space for music, apps, videos and so on. iPad 2017 UK prices iPad 2017 (32GB, Wi-Fi only): £339 iPad 2017 (128GB, Wi-Fi only): £429 iPad 2017 (32GB, Wi-Fi plus cellular): £469 iPad 2017 (128GB, Wi-Fi plus cellular): £559 You can buy the iPad 2017 here. iPad mini 4 UK prices iPad mini 4 (128GB, Wi-Fi only): £419 iPad mini 4 (128GB, Wi-Fi plus cellular): £549 You can buy the iPad mini 4 here. OUR VERDICT Which budget-friendly iPad is best for you? If budget really is the be-all and end-all, the iPad 2017 is your best bet, because it starts at £339 instead of £419; bear in mind, however, that you're saving £80 because it comes with less storage. Still, you ought to be okay with 32GB (provided you don't stockpile large amounts of music, videos and the like). And the iPad 2017 comes with a faster processor, so it'll be better for games (the bigger screen will help in this regard) and can look forward to iOS update support for longer. The mini 4 has a couple of advantages, though: it's more portable, of course (particularly so now that the iPad 2017 has put its pre-Air 2 weight back on), and the screen feels nicer in use, because it's laminated. The screen looks sharper, too. Tags: iPad Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement What is ransomware and how do I protect my PC from WannaCry? Microsoft's new mixed-reality devices offer lower prices than the Rift and Vive iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4 Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts iTunes 12.6.1 with minor app and performance improvements now available Christian Zibreg on May 15, 2017 1 Alongside public releases of the iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.5 software updates for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, Apple earlier this morning also posted a minor update to iTunes for Mac and Windows PCs. iTunes 12.6.1 contains only minor app and performance improvements, according to Apple’s release notes. A security document reveals that the app fixes a WebKit exploit on Windows 7 and later which may allow arbitrary code execution after processing maliciously crafted web content. “Multiple memory corruption issues were addressed with improved memory handling,” Apple states. The vulnerability was discovered by the user “lokihardt” of Google Project Zero. Tagged: Apple iTunes Mac News Security Updates Windows MORE FROM iDB macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases iTunes 12.5.4 is out with support for TV app, Touch Bar-enabled scrubber & more Safari 10.1.1 for Mac fixes yet another instance of address bar spoofing David Gow I am always leary of updating iTunes. Idk if it will interfere with a future jailbreak or not. Any opinions on updating iTunes thanks Featured Latest Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to remove old Time Machine backups BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad takes place in a barbershop macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases Safari 10.1.1 for Mac fixes yet another instance of address bar spoofing Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Accessories BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Deals Charge & Sync Docks for $19 Jooicer: Lifetime Plan for $34 Aluminum Fidget Spinner for $12 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan | Main May 15, 2017 In Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, you don’t just look good. You look fantastic.   Apple's iPhone 7 Plus continues to be Apple's number one selling iPhone model in China and elsewhere and it's all because of its dual Lens camera with 'Portrait Mode." Apple's CEO Tim Cook told analysts during their financial conference call that "iPhone sales were inline with our expectations and we're thrilled to see the continued strong demand for the iPhone 7 Plus with its beautiful large display and dual camera system.   If you're looking for a few iPhone 7 camera pointers for taking better photos, then you could check out several videos here and here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 15, 2017 at 01:22 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 16, 3:00 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology What's In iOS 10.3.2? Apple Releases Update For iPhones And iPads By Denisse Moreno On 05/15/17 AT 3:14 PM Close Apple released iOS 10.3.2 to the public Monday, with minor changes. The update for iPhones and iPads includes “bug fixes and improves the security” of iOS devices, Apple said. The update comes after iOS 10.3 and the subsequent iOS 10.3.1 were released weeks ago. Apple released iOS 10.3.1 to fix a major security issue that put iOS devices at risk of attack sent via Wi-Fi, which came up in the 10.3 update. The iOS 10.3 update also accidentally re-enabled iCloud services that previously had been disabled. Read: iPhone 8 Price, Rumors: Goldman Sachs Predicts New iPhone Will Cost $1K, Have 3D Sensing, No Home Button Apple also released updates for other gadgets on Monday, including watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1 for the fourth-generation Apple TV and macOS 10.12.5. Upcoming iOS 11 Rumored Features The minor changes in iOS 10.3.2 suggest Apple could be waiting to release major features in its upcoming iOS 11. The future update is expected to be launched in September alongside the iPhone 8, iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. However, Apple could give the public a glimpse of what iOS 11 will come with during the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in June. Read: iPhone 8 vs. Galaxy S8: Siri Expected To Get Bixby Vision Like Feature As Apple Acquires Lattice Data A previous report said iOS 11 could come with Theater Mode, which could limit access to a user's device and dim the screen display. iOS 11 is rumored to come with a revamped Music App, a report said last month. The app reportedly pushes Apple’s original video content. Apple has been working on documentaries for Apple Music, which could be unveiled at WWDC. The company reportedly will release 10 original shows and documentaries by the end of the year, including will.i.am’s Planet of the Apps and Carpool Karaoke. Apple plans to release documentaries about hip-hop labels Bad Boy Records and Cash Money Records, and another about music impresario Clive Davis. Apple Monday released the Apple Music documentary on former One Direction singer Harry Styles. Apple is expected to reveal macOS 10.13, watchOS 4, tvOS 11 and developments in Apple Pay and Apple Music during WWDC. Rumors say Apple will release the upcoming tvOS update with a picture-in-picture feature, which will allow the Apple TV to compete with Amazon's Fire TV and Roku. The company is also expected to announce that Amazon’s Prime Video app will come to the Apple TV during the WWDC. Apple’s keynote address for the WWDC this year is planned for June 5 in San Jose, California. Meanwhile, you can update to iOS 10.3.2 by going to Settings > General > Software Update on your device. You’ll need to be connected to Wi-Fi to download the latest iOS version, and have enough battery or be plugged to your charger. Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business The Price Of Oil And 5 Ways The Cost Could Climb To $100 Just because the oil market remains saturated with crude right now doesn't mean it will stay that way forever. Technology WannaCry Ransomware Shares Code With North Korean Malware The similarity was first discovered by a Google security researcher and echoed by a number of security experts, but they warned similarities do not equate to clear attribution. World Explaining The Universe’s Accelerating Expansion A new theory involving quantum vacuum offers a possible reason that causes the phenomenon, which was first discovered by astronomers in 1998. National Are Journalists Safe In Mexico? The latest to be killed in the journalism fraternity in Mexico is Javier Valdez Cárdenas, who covered drug trafficking and organized crime. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed AsusTek can't turn its success in personal computers and related components into excitement for its ZenWatch smartwatch lineup. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 15, 2017 at 2:30PM Although the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch might not have met some of the loftier sales expectations put forth before it launched, the reality is that the kind of success that Apple has had with Apple Watch is enviable. According to Strategy Analytics (via MacRumors), Apple shipped 11.6 million Apple Watches during 2016, giving it more than half of the entire smartwatch market that year. Furthermore, considering that the lowest-end Apple Watch (the Series 1) starts at $269, the revenue Apple is surely raking in from its smartwatch is significant -- billions of dollars annually. Image source: AsusTek. However, not all smartwatch vendors are destined to succeed in this nascent market, and it seems that AsusTek Computer, a popular vendor of personal computers and related components, isn't doing so well here, according to DigiTimes. Low sales mean it's time to bail? DigiTimes claims that AsusTek is "likely to discontinue the development of its ZenWatch product line as sales of its smartwatch devices have been lower than expected." To get a sense of how badly these things were reportedly selling, DigiTimes says that AsusTek ships between 5,000 and 6,000 ZenWatch units per month. If we take the midpoint of that range and multiply it by 12, then annual shipments of the ZenWatch lineup should come out to around 66,000 units. To make matters worse, AsusTek doesn't enjoy anywhere close to the average selling prices that Apple commands with its Apple Watch lineup. On Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), the latest ZenWatch 3 sells for $212 (cheaper than the cheapest Apple Watch), while older ZenWatch 2 models can be had for as low as $80. Even assuming an average selling price of $120, AsusTek is probably bringing in about $8 million in revenue from the product line. It's unlikely that AsusTek is enjoying high gross profit margins on these devices either, so total gross profit from ZenWatch sales is probably $3 million annually at best(assuming a relatively robust 40% gross profit margin). Now, it's important for investors to recognize that there are significant expenses associated with the ZenWatch product line, such as marketing costs as well as research and development spending to bring future ZenWatch models to life. The all-in costs of the AsusTek ZenWatch line are likely well more than the revenue it's bringing in from the product line, let alone the gross profit, so the company is almost certainly burning a lot of money trying to participate in the smartwatch market. It's clear that it's time for AsusTek to bail. Why AsusTek needs to ditch this market It doesn't seem likely that smartwatches, in general, will be anywhere near as successful as smartphones -- sorry, technology industry, but this isn't the "next big thing" that you're so desperately searching for. Apple has clearly been successful in the smartwatch market, and I think its unique position as the market leader with tight control of the hardware and software experience, as well as a broad and deep ecosystem of related products, will allow it to continue to profit handsomely from smartwatch sales. For most other vendors, though, I just don't see it. And with respect to AsusTek specifically, the company is very well-known and highly respected in the personal computer and related component market (particularly among the gaming community), but it's clear that the average consumer simply doesn't care about AsusTek-branded smartwatches. In that light, I think AsusTek would be wise to bail on this market and focus on all of the other compelling opportunities ahead of it, especially given that the personal computer gaming market is booming.   Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 15, 2017 at 2:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $957.97 down $-3.38 (-0.35%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Feature Request: Meal logging from Apple’s Health app Zac Hall - May. 15th 2017 11:09 am PT @apollozac Feature Request View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s Health app in iOS 10 prominently displays Nutrition as one of the four main categories on the Health Data dashboard, but adding detailed information currently requires a third-party meal logging app with HealthKit support. Apple recommends a variety of solutions that work well including Lifesum and MyFitnessPal, but ultimately a native meal logging feature and first party food database would make the Health app much more useful. Sony A6500 I personally use the Health app regularly to monitor trends over time like Activity which the Apple Watch captures and Weight which my smart scale adds, but I don’t open the Health app daily. I do open MyFitnessPal every day to log my meals and capture data for the Nutrition category in Apple’s Health app. The overall experience is pretty good. Include your current weight and describe your activity levels, then MyFitnessPal gives you a daily calorie goal and automatically subtracts calories burned that Apple Watch captures. MyFitnessPal was a key tool for me when using the Apple Watch to become healthier. MyFitnessPal and similar apps are also valuable because they have a huge database of foods with nutritional information that users submit. Logging new meals usually only requires scanning a barcode or searching for an item on the database. But the experience isn’t perfect. MyFitnessPal was bought by UnderArmour (for $475 million!) two years ago and UnderArmour doesn’t let you forget it (right down to the UA logo on the app icon). The app promotes UA hardware and includes a lot of content like blog posts within the app that I’d prefer not to see. Now that I have a good sense of how to make healthier food choices and maintain my ideal weight, I’m mainly interested in logging meals to capture nutritional information and fill the Health app with data. MyFitnessPal and similar apps are still excellent resources for using HealthKit to plug data into the Health app, but licensing or building a first party food database and adding native meal tracking features to the Health app would make it way more essential. Nutrition is already a primary category next to Activity, Mindfulness, and Sleep. Apple Watch can track both Activity and Mindfulness already, and sleep tracking from the Apple Watch is likely coming in the future (and the Clock app already supports basic sleep tracking). That leaves Nutrition as the only main category that still requires a third-party solution to easily log data. You can manually log dietary energy in the Health app, but the process is rather crude. Logging any meaningful amount of nutritional data using just the Health app today would require dozens of steps that I can’t imagine anyone actually doing. The current model of relying on HealthKit to feed data into the Health app and populate the dashboard is a great approach for providing a variety of solutions, but as the Health app matures it would also be a major step forward to see meal logging and a built-in food database included in the future. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Feature Request View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / Apple To Invest $200M in Corning Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple To Invest $200 Million in Scratch-Resistant Glass By Adam Beam PUBLISHED: MAY 15 2017 Apple says it will invest $200 million in a rural Kentucky facility that it credits with rescuing the company's signature smartphone from a design flaw that would have led to scratched screens. The California-based company announced Friday it would give the money to Corning Inc. to use at its facility in Harrodsburg, Kentucky. Apple and Corning first teamed up 10 years ago when former Apple CEO Steve Jobs ordered the plastic screen on the company's first iPhone to be replaced with a scratch-resistant glass just a few months before the product was to launch. Since then, Corning says it has made 552 million square feet (51 million square meters) of its Gorilla Glass product for iPhones and iPads, or roughly enough glass to cover 10,000 football fields. "All of that work happened right here in Harrodsburg, and Apple owes you a big thank you," Apple Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams told workers at Corning's Harrodsburg facility on Friday. Williams said the money is the first of $1 billion the company plans to spend on US-based companies from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund. "It's only fitting that the first commitment from that fund be for Corning and specifically for Harrodsburg, where so much of our history is," Williams said. Williams was joined by U.S. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Corning CEO Wendell Weeks. Officials from both companies did not say if the money would bring more jobs to Kentucky, or if the state offered any tax incentives for the investment. Corning officials said the money would be used "to sustain" the 400 employees who work in Harrodsburg. Officials said the partnership between Apple and Corning has produced 1,000 jobs in the United States. It was the fourth major business investment in Kentucky this year. In January, Amazon announced it would spend $1.4 billion to build a worldwide cargo hub in northern Kentucky. Toyota has said it will spend $1.3 billion in its Georgetown plant that produces its flagship Camry sedan. And last month, Braidy Industries announced it would spend $1.3 billion to build an aluminum plant in eastern Kentucky. State taxpayers could pay nearly $100 million in tax incentives to those companies over the next 10 years if they meet projected goals with spending and job creation. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shots by Apple. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, iPad, Gorilla Glass Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. HPE Debuts New Deep Learning Tools 2. Ransomware Attack May Not Be Over 3. Internet Trolling: Nature vs. Nurture 4. Judge Bars Uber from Using Tech 5. Apple To Invest $200M in Corning MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. Man Thanks Siri for Saving His Life 2. Apple To Invest $200M in Corning 3. Apple's $1B Data Center Expansion 4. Apple Buys Sleep-Tracking Firm 5. Steve Jobs Opera Gets New Backers NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann The Day the Music Died, Hello Alexa Calling - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-15 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods View All Editorials → Apple Aims to Make Siri Smarter with Lattice Data Purchase Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read May 15th, 2017 12:08 PM EDT | News Apple has another tool to help make Siri smarter thanks to its recent purchase of Lattice Data. The company specializes in artificial intelligence and dark data, which ultimately could turn out to be as cool as it sounds. Apple’s Lattice Data purchase means Siri is getting smarter Sources speaking with TechCrunch spilled the beans on the deal, which reportedly cost Apple around US$200 million. Apple offered up its usual noncommittal confirmation saying, “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” The technology Lattice Data created aids with artificial intelligence by finding the structure in dark data, or data that otherwise doesn’t seem connected. This is something human brains do all the time, but it’s a monumental task for computers. The purchase offers up some intriguing potential for Apple’s artificial intelligence voice assistant Siri. Lattice Data’s system uses machine learning to put those seemingly unrelated text snippets, images, and other bits of data into an orderly structure computers can use. That could ultimately make Siri smarter and more capable of anticipating our needs and responding appropriately. Lattice Data was born in 2015 out of research conducted at Standford by Christopher Ré, Michael Cafarella, Raphael Hoffmann, and Feng Niu. They’re building on Stanford’s DeepDive project to give computers the means to sort through the unstructured, or “dark,” data that makes up about 80 percent of what’s stored today. Once that data is cataloged in meaningful way, it becomes information that can be processed and analyzed. For Siri, that translates to a more responsive system, but it goes beyond that. The structuring Lattice Data has been working on could be used for health and medical research, criminal investigations, and scientific studies. Apple’s Lattice Data purchase follows the 2016 acquisition of the machine learning companies Turi and Tuplejump. The three together paint a pretty clear picture of Apple’s plans: Siri is destined to be more than just an internet search tool and interface for turning on our lights with our voice. It’s also going to be more than Amazon’s Alexa that merely parses specific trigger words to perform tasks. Apple wants to make Siri truly smart, and buying companies like Turi and Tuplejump, and now Lattice Data, are a part of that plan. We may see some of Apple’s efforts soon as the in-home voice appliance battle heats up, and maybe Siri will finally be in a position to be our digital best friend. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: artificial intelligence, dark data, Lattice Data, SIri You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Alexa Calling: Amazon Adds Voice Calling to Echo, Echo Dot A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 2 Comments Add a comment ibuck May 15, 2017 Rather than increasing Siri’s capabilities a little at a time, it looks like Apple is holding off to make a big leap in its functionality. May 15, 2017 at 12:33 EDT PM ipaqrat May 15, 2017 All this time… Dark Data was why Siri can’t say the forecast high temp AND change of precip? Dark Data is why Siri says “Sorry, John, I can answer only one weather fact at a time.” Is it Dark in the data center and the legions of enslaved house elves (who answer all the Siri questions) can’t read the printed Washington Post weather page full of unstructured text? May 15, 2017 at 2:45 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? Jeff Butts | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.70 -0.40 (-0.26%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 with USB Headphone Bug Fix, More RAW Formats Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut 4 Tricks for Using Bookmarks Folders in Safari How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Recent Editorials See All » Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member 17005 Jeff Gamet news 2 1494850091 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann The Day the Music Died, Hello Alexa Calling - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-15 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods View All Editorials → Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Under a minute read May 15th, 2017 1:19 PM EDT | Product News Apple released iOS 10.3.2 Monday. The patch notes for the updates indicate it is entirely a maintenance update, noting that it “includes bug fixes and improves the security of your iPhone and iPad.” Apple releases a separate KnowledgeBase article with security flaws patched in each release, and that document tends to lag behind the software release by a few hours. We’ll follow up with another article on those security patches once Apple’s notes goes live. No other changes are specified in the update, and no feature changes were mentioned during the beta testing process. You can download the update as an over-the-air update or through iTunes. TMO staff are installing the update even now. For those willing to plunge ahead, please drop a note on your update experience in the comments below. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iOS 10, iOS 10.3.2, security You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Alexa Calling: Amazon Adds Voice Calling to Echo, Echo Dot A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? Jeff Butts | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.70 -0.40 (-0.26%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 with USB Headphone Bug Fix, More RAW Formats Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut 4 Tricks for Using Bookmarks Folders in Safari How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Recent Editorials See All » Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member 17014 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1494854350 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann The Day the Music Died, Hello Alexa Calling - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-15 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods View All Editorials → Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Under a minute read May 15th, 2017 1:46 PM EDT | Product News Apple released watchOS 3.2.2 Monday. Apple’s patch notes for the release are scant, noting only that it “includes improvements and bug fixes.” watchOS 3.2.2 Patch Notes Apple releases a separate KnowledgeBase article with security flaws patched in each release, and that document tends to lag behind the software release by a few hours. We’ll follow up with another article on those security patches once Apple’s notes goes live. No other changes are specified in the update, and no feature changes were mentioned during the beta testing process. You can download the update through the Watch app on your iPhone. It was a 41.7MB download on iPhone 7 for Apple Watch Series 2. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, watchOS 3, watchOS 3.2.2 You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Alexa Calling: Amazon Adds Voice Calling to Echo, Echo Dot A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? Jeff Butts | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.70 -0.40 (-0.26%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple May Put Blood Glucose Sensors in Apple Watch Smart Band Apple Squashes 30 Security Holes in macOS Sierra, Plus Standalone Updates for El Cap and Yosemite Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1, Calls it 'Minor' Apple Watch watchOS 3.2.2 Released with Bug Fixes and Security Patches Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 with USB Headphone Bug Fix, More RAW Formats Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut 4 Tricks for Using Bookmarks Folders in Safari How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models Recent Editorials See All » Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member 17018 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1494855980 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Operating Systems News Apple releases iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, tvOS 10.2.1, and macOS 10.12.5 Start the week by updating your Apple devices. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | May 15, 2017 10:52 AM PT Credit: Azz Bad/Pexels More like this MacOS Sierra 10.12.3 update fixes the Safari bug that affected MacBook Pro... Apple releases iOS 9.3.3, El Capitan 10.11.6, watchOS 2.2.2, tvOS 9.2.1, and... iOS 10.3.1 update is now available Video Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show Apple on Monday released operating systems updates for the iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, and Macintosh. Before installing any of the updates, complete a backup of your devices, just in case you need to revert back if you find you have a problem with the updated software. iOS 10.3.2 Acoording to Apple’s release notes, iOS 10.3.2 has bug fixes and security enhancements. Apple has a KnowledgeBase article that details the security content. You can update your iOS device by launching the Settings app and then tapping General > Software Update. The update is 196.4MB. watchOS 3.2.2 Apple says that watchOS 3.2.2 “includes improvements and bug fixes.” A KnowledgeBase article provides information about watchOS 3.2.2’s security content. To install watchOS 3.2.2, your iPhone needs to be connected to the internet via Wi-Fi, and within range of your Apple Watch, which needs to have at least a 50 percent battery charge and connected to the charger. Then you can launch the Watch app on your iPhone and tap General > Software Update. tvOS 10.2.1 Like the iOs and watchOS updates, tvOS 10.2.1 provides bug fixes and other enhancements to the fourth-generation Apple TV. To update your Apple TV, launch the Settings app, and then System > Software Update. If you have your Apple TV set to update automatically, it may already be installed, or the process may start on its own when you turn on your Apple TV. macOS 10.12.5 Apple’s support article for macOS 10.12.5 says that latest update for Macintosh includes: Fixes an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones. Enhances compatibility of the Mac App Store with future software updates. Adds support for media-free installation of Windows 10 Creators Update using Boot Camp. Adds support for more digital camera RAW formats. Resolves an issue, affecting some enterprise and education customers, that may cause the system date to be set to the year 2040. Prevents a potential kernel panic when starting up from a NetInstall image. This fix is available when starting up from a NetInstall image created from the macOS 10.12.5 installer. The software also includes several security updates. The iTunes 12.6.1 update is also available in the App Store. It contains performance improvements. macOS 10.12.5 can be installed through the App Store. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Operating Systems OS X iOS tvos MacOS Sierra iOS 10 WatchOS Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Guide Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide How to view your iPhone photos on all your Apple devices Apple Photos makes it easy to sync photos across devices. You can access pictures snapped on your iPhone anywhere. That includes on an iPad, an Apple TV, a Mac or a web browser. Todd Haselton | @robotodd 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Time and time again I'm asked a version of this question: "Todd, how can I view my iPhone photos on my iPad?" Or, "Todd, you're into tech, how can I put the photos on my iPhone up on my TV for everyone to see?" Apple Photos, the default app on your iPhone, makes it a breeze to sync pictures across your iPhone, Mac, iPad and the Apple TV. You just need to know where to look and what settings to activate. Here's a quick guide to get you up and running. Set up your iPhone Todd Haselton | CNBC This is the most important step, so pay attention. If you don't configure the settings properly on your iPhone, you aren't going to be able to see your pictures anywhere else. On your iPhone, go to Settings > Photos & Camera Enable "iCloud Photo Library." Scroll down and make sure "Upload to My Photo Stream" is enabled. You should also probably check the box for "Optimize iPhone Storage," especially if you're running low on space. Once you've configured your iPhone, you're ready to move on to the other steps. Set up your iPad Todd Haselton | CNBC Now you're primed and ready to move to your iPad. Since iPads also have cameras, you're going to want to follow similar steps. This way you'll be able to access pictures you take on your iPad (are you one of those people?) on your iPhone and vice versa. Open Settings Tap Photos & Camera Enable "iCloud Photo Library." You should start to see photos that you've snapped on your iPhone populating in your Photos app now. Set up your Apple TV Todd Haselton | CNBC You don't need your iPhone nearby to see all of your pictures on the largest screen in the house. All you need to do is enable a similar setting that you've already configured on your iPhone and your iPad. Open Settings Select Accounts Tap iCloud Choose to enable iCloud Photo Library. Now open Photos from the homescreen. Syncing with Mac You can also view your Apple Photo library right on your Mac. Again, it's just a matter of flipping a switch. See how easy this is? Tap the Apple icon on the top-left of your screen. Open System Preferences Select iCloud Tap Options Choose Photos Enable iCloud Photo Library. Your photos should start to populate right in your Photos app. View Photos through iCloud.com Finally, you can also view all of your photos from iCloud through any Web browser. This is important if you don't have Apple Photos installed (on a Windows machine, for example, or perhaps a computer at work.) Visit iCloud.com Log-in using your Apple account email and password. Tap Photos Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL ---
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Apple releases iTunes 12.6.1 w/ ‘minor app and performance improvements’ Zac Hall - May. 15th 2017 10:38 am PT @apollozac iTunes View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In addition to macOS 10.12.5, Apple has released a minor version update to iTunes for macOS. iTunes 12.6.1 includes ‘minor app and performance improvements’ according to release notes. The update is available through the Mac App Store now. Sony A6500 Apple has also released iOS 10.3.2 for iPhone and iPad, watchOS 3.2.2 for Apple Watch, and tvOS 10.2.1 for Apple TV for all users following several developer and public beta versions. Apple last updated iTunes to version 12.6 in March with a new ‘rent once, watch everywhere’ feature movies which we tested here. Later this year, iTunes will also be available on the Windows Store which will bring compatibility to Microsoft’s new Windows 10 S update which only runs approved software. You can grab the latest version of iTunes for Mac on the Mac App Store. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iTunes View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2 updates released by Apple iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | May 15, 2017 2 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0               After weeks of beta releases, iOS 10.3.2 is finally ready for public consumption.  Apple today released iOS 10.3.2 for the iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. The update “includes bug fixes and improves the security” of iOS devices, says Apple. No specific changes have been given as of this publication. During the iOS 10.3.2 betas, it looks like this update would be focused on under-the-hood changes like bug fixes and performance improvements. Now it appears that that is the case. This may not make for the most exciting update ever, but considering how many folks rely on their smartphone day in and day out, security and performance-focused improvements are important. To get iOS 10.3.2, grab your iOS device and go into Settings > General > Software Update. Apple today also released watchOS 3.2.2 and tvOS 10.2.1 updates for the Apple Watch and Apple TV, respectively. You can update your Apple Watch by going into Watch > General > Software Update on your iPhone. The Apple TV can be updated by going into Settings > System > Software Updates > Update Software. iOS Wearables Apple Previous ArticleYouTube TV gains AMC, BBC America, and other channels Next ArticleGoogle Assistant reportedly coming soon to Apple iOS devices Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts ASUS may end ZenWatch line of Android Wear smartwatches HTC U11 shown off on video ahead of official debut YouTube TV gains AMC, BBC America, and other channels Republic Wireless promo will offer 6 months of free service View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Samsung Galaxy S8+ Review: Bigger Is Not Necessarily Better Beau Hamilton 9 hours 8 min ago 8 shares 7 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 Best Tech of April 2017! Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 1 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 1 week 6 days ago 13 shares 7 1 0 0 0 0 3 1 1 BlackBerry KEYone Unboxing Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 5 shares 1 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Google Pixel XL 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Will you wait to buy a Galaxy S8 Results of FCC's 600MHz Sprint News Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Sprint launches fifth Unlimited ZTE MAX XL packs 6-inch display Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won T-Mobile News T-Mobile LG G6 BOGO deal now T-Mobile Galaxy S8 Buy One, Get T-Mobile will reportedly offer T-Mobile reportedly prepping own- T-Mobile quietly stops offering T-Mobile Premium Device Protection T-Mobile customers that buy a Verizon Wireless Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest T-Mobile CEO says Verizon network Verizon now offering unlimited Verizon Galaxy S8 missing Amazon Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Verizon loses subscribers in Q1 Moto G5 Plus on Verizon unable to PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches | Main | In Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, you don’t just look good. You look fantastic. » May 15, 2017 Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan   Back in January Patently Apple posted a report titled "One of Apple's most Innovative and Technologically Advanced Stores is coming to Piazza Liberty in Milan Italy," that illustrated several concept drawings. In our cover graphic you could see a fountain wall in the distance. Today Apple provided a photo of that dramatic store entrance from a unique perspective. Apple's Italian online site describes it this way: "You descend into the store, passing between two high walls of water: they are the ones that form the great fountain, homage to the Italian squares and the close link between Milan and its navigli."   It will be a square full of ideas.    "We are incredibly happy to be in the center of Milan, a city that has been combining creativity and innovation for centuries. In these months we will work to give you a new Liberty Square: a space open to everyone where you can take a break, find yourself with friends, discover new interests."   For more on the new Milan Apple Store, check out Apple's Italian site introduction here.   Our January report pointed we noted that "The operation, which will lead to the realization of one of the most innovative and technological Apple Store in the world, provides for the lowering of the central part of the Liberty Square with the construction of an amphitheater open to the public and functional to host cultural events." The water fountain is shut and replaced by a theater of some kind.   In April Patently Apple posted a patent report regarding a new sound system. The system is being designed by the Lucasfilm THX sound system inventor. The system, according to Apple's patent filing, that "the listening area may be a room within a house or a commercial establishment or an outdoor area (e.g., an amphitheater)." So the Milan Store may be where Apple could test out their latest sound sysem invention at some point in time.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 15, 2017 at 11:37 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: YouTube iOS 10.3.2 now available to download on iPhone and iPad Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal May 15th, 2017 at 1:10 PM Share Tweet Nearly a month and a half after iOS 10.3.1 rolled out to the public, Apple has now officially released iOS 10.3.2 on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. We’re still waiting on detailed release notes from Apple, but the update screen reveals that the new version of iOS focuses on bug fixes and security improvements. Don't Miss: If you’re a hardcore Android fan, Netflix might be blocked from your phone iOS 10.3 brought a host of interesting changes and additions to the platform, including the Find My AirPods feature, weather forecasts in the Maps app and a Podcasts widget. iOS 10.3 also brought the Apple File System to iOS devices to help streamline performance behind the scenes. With WWDC just a few weeks away, we don’t expect to see many more significant additions to iOS 10. Hints and leaks focusing on iOS 11 have already begun to surface, which means it won’t be long before Apple details the next major version of its mobile operating system. In the meantime, Apple will continue to push out bug fixes and improvements to keep iOS 10.3 up to snuff until the fall. If you want to update your device to iOS 10.3.2 immediately, you can do so by heading to Settings > General > Software Update on your device and tapping “Download and Install” at the bottom of the page. You can also apply the update through iTunes by connecting your iOS device to a computer. Tags: Apple, iOS 10.3, iPad, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead 2 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 3 Tech Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack 4 Business Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil 5 Tech New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display Picked For You New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display By Yoni Heisler 14 hours ago Watch Melissa McCarthy’s most hilarious Sean Spicer bit yet from SNL By Chris Smith 17 hours ago New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead By Chris Smith 12 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/13f-alert-dan-loebs-third-point-throws-out-apple-1494865680 Focus on Funds 13F Alert: Dan Loeb’s Third Point Throws Out Apple Hedge fund manager Daniel Loeb dumps Third Point's stake in Apple, according to its latest 13F filing. By Crystal Kim Updated May 15, 2017 12:28 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Daniel Loeb's Third Point exited its position in Apple (AAPL), selling 1.85 million shares, according to its latest 13F filing. Investors love following these federal filings despite its imperfections -- incomplete information and their 45-day lag -- to see what the hedge funds guys are holding. Third Point's on-again, off-again relationship with the iPhone-maker is definitely off, again. Though, my colleague Emily Bary pointed out that Goldman Sachs (GS) recently raised its price target on Apple stock to $170, implying a near 10% upside to its recent price of $155. Even Warren Buffett thinks Apple can charge whatever it wants. The New York-based hedge fund also dumped its stakes in Goldman and lightened its positions in JPMorgan (JPM), and Bank of America (BAC). It took a brand new stake in Snap (SNAP) and upped its position in Google (GOOGL). Text Size Regular Medium Large APPLE BANK OF AMERICA GOLDMAN SACHS JPMORGAN SNAP THIRD POINT WARREN BUFFETT Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Crude Oil: 'Do Whatever it Takes' NEXT E-Commerce: A Threat to Retail...and Financial Stock Investors?! Most Popular Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Nvidia: Take Advantage of Short-Sighted Investor Worries, Says Goldman Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye Tech Today: Buffett Buys AAPL, Salesforce On Tap, AMD’s Prospects Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- The S&P 500 finishes 0.48% higher, closes above 2,400 for the first time Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Siri Speaker, New iPad Pro Expected at Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) WWDC 2017 Noted AAPL analyst says odds greater than 50% to see Siri speaker By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 15, 2017, 1:18 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Buys Beddit in Yet Another Attack on Fitbit Inc (FIT) The Tesla Inc (TSLA) Solar Roof Is Available … And Cheaper! 10 of the Coolest Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Echo Speaker’s Alexa Skills Recent Posts: Siri Speaker, New iPad Pro Expected at Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) WWDC 2017 10 of the Coolest Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Echo Speaker’s Alexa Skills Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Goes to Corning View All Posts We’re just weeks from Apple Inc.’s (NASDAQ:AAPL) annual developer conference — WWDC 2017. And while the event is primarily aimed at software developers, the company has used the keynote in previous years to introduce new hardware. It looks like this could be a big year in that respect. AAPL analysts are increasing convinced that Apple will unveil two key new products on June 5: a Siri speaker and an all-new iPad Pro. Source: Apple The Case for a Siri Speaker at WWDC 2017 Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) launched the smart speaker craze with the Amazon Echo in 2015. In the short time since, the Echo has brought Amazon’s Alexa virtual assistant into millions of homes. Over 10,000 third party “skills” have vaulted Amazon into a smart home leadership position. The success of the Amazon Echo brought competition from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) in the form of Google Home and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) is showing off Cortana in third-party smart speakers. In recent weeks, Amazon has announced new Echo models that expand into video and touchscreen capabilities, along with voice calling. Stats show the company is dominating the smart speaker market. Apple has been rumored to be working on a Siri speaker for months and now is the right time for it to make an appearance. AAPL stock has had several years to study what works and what doesn’t with the Amazon Echo. The company has its HomeKit smart home toolkit to work with, and an unrivalled relationship with developers through its App Store. Apple also owns one of the most popular premium audio brands in the world in Beats. With the 10th anniversary iPhone 8 expected to dominate its fall release schedule, WWDC 2017 seems like the perfect opportunity to launch that Siri speaker. The timing takes advantage of the developers on hand at the event, getting them working on “skills” for the Apple smart speaker. The announcement of a Siri speaker on June 5 would also take some of the wind out of Amazon’s Echo Show and Echo Look just as they launch (Echo Show goes on sale two weeks after WWDC). According to MacRumors, noted Apple analyst, KGI Security’s Ming-Chi Kuo has the odds at greater than 50% AAPL will announce the Siri speaker at WWDC 2017. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/siri-speaker-new-ipad-pro-wwdc-2017-amazon-echo/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio 3 Retail Stocks to Buy Before Earnings Send Them to the Moon 7 Gold Stocks Under $7 Set to Shine in 2017 Amazon Stock Simply Cannot Be Stopped Can Sears Stock Even Stay Above $5? 5 Stock Picks That Buffett Has Blown ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio 3 Retail Stocks to Buy Before Earnings Send Them to the Moon 7 Gold Stocks Under $7 That Could Glitter This Year 7 Dogs of the Dow to Trade Now for Income 3 Solar Stocks That Are Sizzling Trades Right Now Most Popular 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 7 Stocks That Will Get Crushed in the Next Crash The 7 Best REITs You Must Buy Right Now! 10 Dividend Aristocrats That Are Ready to Rally 3 Cash-Rich Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display Yoni Heisler BGR News May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Although we’ve seen a number of reports with conflicting information about the iPhone 8’s upcoming release date, reputed leaker Steve Hemmerstoffer — who you might know better as @OnLeaks — took to Twitter recently and said that iPhone 8 mass production will not be delayed as previously rumored. On the contrary, Apple is expected to begin mass producing its next-gen iPhone in August ahead of a September launch. And while there’s a good chance the iPhone 8 will be in short supply at launch, it’s still reassuring to know that we won’t all have to wait until November before getting our hands on what promises to be the most advanced iPhone, and perhaps smartphone, we’ve seen yet. As it stands now, the biggest question surrounding the iPhone 8 centers on whether or not Apple will embed the Touch ID sensor into the OLED display itself or if it will be placed on the back on the device, as some leaked schematics have suggested. It also remains to be seen what Apple plans to call its 2017 flagship iPhone, with some reports indicating that it may be dubbed the iPhone Edition. Don't Miss: Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen While we won’t really know the answers to those questions for a few more months, the good news is that we can imagine what the iPhone 8 design might possibly look like thanks to a seemingly endless stream of iPhone 8 concept designs from talented artists. The most recent iPhone 8 concept we came across comes from the ConceptsiPhone YouTube channel which put together another compelling look at some of the features we can look forward to later this year. While the video starts off with an outrageous and fantastical image of an iPhone 8 with an augmented reality display on steroids, things settle down soon thereafter as we’re shown a more realistic look at some of the new design features Apple’s upcoming iPhone will bring to the table. The video does a particularly nice job of illustrating what Apple’s implementation of its rumored “function area” might look like. Of course, it goes without saying that if the iPhone 8 Apple releases this coming Fall looks anything like the video above, people will be lining up in droves to buy it, even if it does end up costing $1000. Trending right now: WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil BGR News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech AMD’s Threadripper processors could put an end to Intel’s dominance in CPUs Digital Trends Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead BGR News Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Here's how you can protect your PC from the 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Digital Trends
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV Monday May 15, 2017 10:00 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released a new update for tvOS, the operating system designed to run on the fourth-generation Apple TV. tvOS 10.2.1 over one month after the release of tvOS 10.2, an update that introduced scrolling improvements. The tvOS 10.2.1 update can be downloaded on the fourth-generation Apple TV using the Settings app. Go to System --> Software Update to install. For those who have automatic software updates turned on, the Apple TV will be upgraded to tvOS 10.2.1 automatically. No new features or design changes were discovered during the tvOS 10.2.1 beta testing period, but as a 10.2.x update, it's likely to focus on bug fixes and other under-the-hood performance improvements. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) 16 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Corrode 14 hours ago at 10:06 am Hopefully this fixes the ghosted app icons that requires a restart to resolve. Rating: 8 Votes larrylaffer 14 hours ago at 10:07 am Hopefully this fixes the ghosted app icons that requires a restart to resolve. Ahhh, nice to know I'm not the only person that saw this. I assumed it happened whenever an app was updated. Rating: 5 Votes ecr80 14 hours ago at 10:08 am hopefully fixes the TV app that sometimes it doesn't refresh the things already watched. Rating: 2 Votes HobeSoundDarryl 12 hours ago at 12:08 pm Hopefully this fixes the ghosted app icons that requires a restart to resolve. It appears to fix that. What was a ghosted Netflix app icon is no longer ghosted on mine. Of course, I think every :apple:TV reboots after a software update, and some have said restarts fixed the problem (for a while). So this is really a "time will tell" observation instead of a conclusive (it's definitely fixed) one. Update: many hours later and icons are all still good (no ghosting). Rating: 2 Votes BeefCake 15 13 hours ago at 11:04 am Hope it fixes the constant freezing I've been seeing lately... Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple Seeking Programming Chief to Lead Video Efforts 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple is looking for a programming chief, suggesting the company is serious about delving further into original programming, reports The Information. In its search to find someone to lead its... 25 comments Future Apple Watch Rumored to Include Glucose Monitoring and Smart Bands 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple is planning major new health features for future versions of the Apple Watch, according to a new report from BGR citing sources with knowledge of Apple's plans. The company is said to... 107 comments Apple Releases New 'Barbers' iPhone 7 Plus Ad Promoting Portrait Mode 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new iPhone 7 Plus ad on its YouTube channel, once again promoting the Portrait Mode feature of its flagship device. The spot takes place in a barbershop, with photos from... 54 comments Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 With Headphones Audio Fix and Enhanced Mac App Store Compatibility 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released macOS Sierra 10.12.5, the fifth update to the macOS Sierra operating system that first launched in September of 2016. macOS Sierra 10.12.5 comes more than one month after the... 111 comments Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released iOS 10.3.2 to the public, following several weeks of testing and four betas. iOS 10.3.2 comes six weeks after the release of iOS 10.3, a major update that introduced a new Find... 155 comments Apple Says New Piazza Liberty Store in Milan, Italy With Waterfall Entrance is Coming Soon 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that it will soon open a new retail store at Piazza Liberty, or Liberty Square, in Milan, Italy. As revealed in city planning documents earlier this year, the store will... 67 comments New Apple Park Drone Video Recaps Construction Progress Made Over the Past Year 1 day ago on Front Page Drone videographer Matthew Roberts today uploaded a new video about Apple Park, this time showcasing the construction progress that Apple has made on its new campus over the past year. The video... 49 comments Apple Acquires 'Dark Data' Machine Learning Company Lattice Data 3 days ago on Front Page Apple recently paid around $200 million to acquire Lattice Data, a firm that aims to turn unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data that can then be handled... 68 comments • Ming-Chi Kuo Says Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5" iPad Pro and Touchscreen Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC (239) • iPhone 8 Predicted to Cost $999 For 128GB And $1,099 For 256GB, With No 32GB Model (671) • Apple Awards Corning First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment (83) • Apple Launches New Website and Videos Featuring iPhone 7 Photography Tutorials [Updated] (75) • Apple to Announce Amazon Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC (203) • Apple Watch Able to Detect Abnormal Heart Rhythm With 97% Accuracy (80) • Apple to Start Offering iTunes on the Windows Store (157)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update Monday May 15, 2017 10:00 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today released a new software update for the Apple Watch, upgrading watchOS 3.2 to watchOS 3.2.2. The watchOS 3.2.2 update comes more than one month after the release of watchOS 3.2, an update that introduced Theater Mode. watchOS 3.2.2 can be downloaded through the dedicated Apple Watch app on the iPhone by going to General -> Software Update. To install the update, the Apple Watch must have 50 percent battery, it must be placed on the charger, and it must be in range of the iPhone. An iPhone running iOS 10 or later is required to download the new software, but it is available for all Apple Watch models. During the beta testing period for watchOS 3.2.2, no major changes or feature tweaks were discovered, so watchOS 3.2.2 appears to focus mainly on performance improvements and bug fixes. watchOS 3 will soon be succeeded by a new version of watchOS, which we expect to see introduced at the June Worldwide Developers Conference. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) 44 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Analog Kid 9 hours ago at 02:37 pm Can we please do away with the requirement to have the watch on the charger? If I have more than 50% battery, why does it have to be on the charger? The Watch seems more susceptible to bricking if the update gets interrupted-- I'm guessing they're making damn sure the watch doesn't lose power during the process. Hi. I guess you have a New XC90,V90, or S90. If so the problem with the remote start is not your apple devuces but is a problem with the cars software. There has been a Volvo software upgrade for this a few weeks now. There is also a new complete Volvo software upgrade that changes the touch screen tia much better design. Make sure your car has half a tank and is connected to the pump before attempting the update. Rating: 3 Votes PCtoMAC1 13 hours ago at 11:30 am Will it finally fix my Volvo app being unable to start my car since changing watches or upgrading to a newer model? Something is wrong with the way the digital signature works (according to Volvo) when you change devices. [emoji58]First world problems. Rating: 3 Votes Mlrollin91 12 hours ago at 12:23 pm - I don't think it does. You can reboot the watch just fine without it being on the charger. I can't see a reason that the update process should change that. You're still not following what I am saying. The charger automatically reboots the watch. Maybe the installation process doesn't have the reboot automatic like iOS, so the only way is to be connected to the charger. I'm trying to think outside the box to make a logical explanation of why the charger is required. And this completely satisfies that. Rating: 2 Votes Mlrollin91 10 hours ago at 02:08 pm - I do, and I know you have. I just think it's a strange hypothesis. Here's another one: The charger is required because the watch can't perform the update if the internal temperature of the watch is below a certain point. Connecting the charger causes the temperature to rise and thus allows the update. Yes, I know that's stupid. I'm sorry but thats ridiculous, at least my hypothesis is plausible. When you install an update, in between the two Apple logo cycles, you will hear a chime of it connecting to the power supply. That means the watch is being woken up by the power supply. That alone is enough to support my hypothesis as being plausible. So to compare something that might be accurate, to something outrageous as raising the temperature is just wrong. I don't see you trying to come up with a hypothesis of why the charger is needed, instead you are here just putting down mine. Rating: 2 Votes Mlrollin91 5 hours ago at 07:25 pm Your thinking is wrong. The requirement is only for it to be on the charger when the process is initiated. Once it starts you can wear your watch and installation continues, including reboots. I don't believe that is correct. Removing the watch during the install process can lead to bricking the device. My friend's watch was updating then the power went out. Got the red exclamation point. Had to shipped off to Apple. Rating: 1 Votes JTToft 13 hours ago at 11:33 am Can we please do away with the requirement to have the watch on the charger? If I have more than 50% battery, why does it have to be on the charger? - Moreover, can we please have it stated in the Apple Watch app on the update page that it is a requirement for it to be on the charger? It just says it has to be at least 50 %, and then below the bullets that you can't remove it from the charger. It doesn't say you have to place in on the charger if it isn't already. This caused me some confusion the first time I had to update my watch after getting it. What don't you understand. Being connected to the power supply may be the only way the watch can reboot on its own and finish the installation process. It's merely a hypothesis but it definitely makes sense. You physically cannot have the watch connected to the power supply and turned completely off. - I don't totally get your point, either. Rating: 1 Votes JTToft 10 hours ago at 02:00 pm Example of hypothesis, (or as you phrase it "huge leap"): - Thanks for your help. Technically, what you quoted was my judgment of the merits of his hypothesis vs. mine (which was that "it's just another one of Apple's unnecessary software limitations that they could change if they wanted to."), where I judged mine to be more realistic. Rating: 1 Votes Robert.Walter 13 hours ago at 11:19 am There is an iOS update... I believe iOS needs to be on 10.3.2 before watch update appears. I'm on 10.3.1 and don't see the watch update. Thanks. I've been on iOS 10.3.2 GM for the last week. My problem was that the non functional watchOS beta profile blocked the update until I deleted the profile. [doublepost=1494872670][/doublepost] Can we please do away with the requirement to have the watch on the charger? If I have more than 50% battery, why does it have to be on the charger? I endorse this statement. With 78% I had to take my watch off to install the update. There is no need for this as far as I can see. [doublepost=1494872738][/doublepost] My only thought is having it on the charger causes the watch to reboot. It is impossible to have the watch off while on the charger, unlike an iOS device. So it's probably required for the install process. I don't understand this reply. Rating: 1 Votes JTToft 10 hours ago at 01:51 pm Do you not know what a hypothesis is? I have made it clear twice that I'm not claiming anything. - I do, and I know you have. I just think it's a strange hypothesis. Here's another one: The charger is required because the watch can't perform the update if the internal temperature of the watch is below a certain point. Connecting the charger causes the temperature to rise and thus allows the update. Yes, I know that's stupid. Rating: 1 Votes Mlrollin91 13 hours ago at 11:27 am Thanks. I've been on iOS 10.3.2 GM for the last week. My problem was that the non functional watchOS beta profile blocked the update until I deleted the profile. [doublepost=1494872670][/doublepost] I endorse this statement. With 78% I had to take my watch off to install the update. There is no need for this as far as I can see. [doublepost=1494872738][/doublepost] I don't understand this reply. What don't you understand. Being connected to the power supply may be the only way the watch can reboot on its own and finish the installation process. It's merely a hypothesis but it definitely makes sense. You physically cannot have the watch connected to the power supply and turned completely off. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple Seeking Programming Chief to Lead Video Efforts 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple is looking for a programming chief, suggesting the company is serious about delving further into original programming, reports The Information. In its search to find someone to lead its... 25 comments Future Apple Watch Rumored to Include Glucose Monitoring and Smart Bands 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple is planning major new health features for future versions of the Apple Watch, according to a new report from BGR citing sources with knowledge of Apple's plans. The company is said to... 107 comments Apple Releases New 'Barbers' iPhone 7 Plus Ad Promoting Portrait Mode 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new iPhone 7 Plus ad on its YouTube channel, once again promoting the Portrait Mode feature of its flagship device. The spot takes place in a barbershop, with photos from... 54 comments Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 With Headphones Audio Fix and Enhanced Mac App Store Compatibility 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released macOS Sierra 10.12.5, the fifth update to the macOS Sierra operating system that first launched in September of 2016. macOS Sierra 10.12.5 comes more than one month after the... 111 comments Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released iOS 10.3.2 to the public, following several weeks of testing and four betas. iOS 10.3.2 comes six weeks after the release of iOS 10.3, a major update that introduced a new Find... 154 comments Apple Says New Piazza Liberty Store in Milan, Italy With Waterfall Entrance is Coming Soon 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that it will soon open a new retail store at Piazza Liberty, or Liberty Square, in Milan, Italy. As revealed in city planning documents earlier this year, the store will... 67 comments New Apple Park Drone Video Recaps Construction Progress Made Over the Past Year 1 day ago on Front Page Drone videographer Matthew Roberts today uploaded a new video about Apple Park, this time showcasing the construction progress that Apple has made on its new campus over the past year. The video... 49 comments Apple Acquires 'Dark Data' Machine Learning Company Lattice Data 3 days ago on Front Page Apple recently paid around $200 million to acquire Lattice Data, a firm that aims to turn unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data that can then be handled... 68 comments • Ming-Chi Kuo Says Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5" iPad Pro and Touchscreen Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC (239) • iPhone 8 Predicted to Cost $999 For 128GB And $1,099 For 256GB, With No 32GB Model (671) • Apple Awards Corning First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment (83) • Apple Launches New Website and Videos Featuring iPhone 7 Photography Tutorials [Updated] (75) • Apple to Announce Amazon Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC (203) • Apple Watch Able to Detect Abnormal Heart Rhythm With 97% Accuracy (80) • Apple to Start Offering iTunes on the Windows Store (157)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad iPhone iPad iOS OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses iPhone iPad iOS Home iOS Rumor Has It By Caitlin McGarry, Staff Writer, Macworld | May 15, 2017 10:38 AM PT News New 10.5-inch iPad may debut alongside Siri Speaker at WWDC Apple’s developer conference kicks off June 5 and could include not just one but two new devices. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Higher price tag of $999 for 128GB and $1,099 for 256GB will... New iPad rumors: Planned Apple Store outage on Tuesday—could it be new iPads? The iPad Pro needs a refresh: Here's what to expect Video Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference is typically a parade of software announcements, not hardware. While we’re expecting iOS 11 and the next version of macOS to take center stage, rumor has it Apple plans to switch it up and announce two new devices: the Siri Speaker and a refreshed iPad Pro. Apple hasn’t said anything about either product, but rumors and speculation from well-placed sources have all but confirmed the Siri Speaker, Apple’s answer to Amazon’s Echo. And while we’ve been hearing about a redesigned iPad for months now, the 2017 iPad released earlier this spring didn’t exactly push the iPad lineup forward (but that $329 price tag is pretty sweet). KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo expects Apple to unveil a 10.5-inch iPad Pro at WWDC’s opening keynote on June 5, he said in a research note obtained by 9to5Mac. Macworld will be there to cover the announcement, but here are Kuo’s predictions: The new iPad model will be join the existing lineup of 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch Pros, but it won’t look like its siblings. Instead, the redesigned Pro will sport a large display and smaller bezels. This would be an interesting move, given that Apple is rumored to be moving toward that same look with the 10th anniversary iPhone this fall. KGI also predicts that that Apple will ship 6 million 10.5-inch iPad Pros this year. Kuo is betting there’s a 70 percent chance that the 10.5-inch model will be announced at WWDC, pegging it even higher than the 50 percent shot of a Siri Speaker launch. Why this matters: We’d love to get an early glimpse of Apple’s new design direction rather than wait until the iPhone 8, although we’re gonna need to see some software improvements in iOS 11 to convince us that a new iPad Pro is worth the money. A few iPad-exclusive features—perhaps enabled by the newly acquired iOS app Workflow—would go a long way toward convincing us that an iPad Pro is essential. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: iOS iPad Tablets iPad Pro WWDC Caitlin McGarry is Macworld's Staff Writer. She covers Apple news, health and fitness technology, and anything wearable. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Apple Concentrate Industry 2017 Global Manufacturers, Key Vendors, Suppliers Market Research Report to 2022 Apple Concentrate SWOT Analysis And Forecast In this report, the global Apple Concentrate market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Apple Concentrate in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1282927-global-apple-concentrate-market-research-report-2017 Global Apple Concentrate market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Dohler GMBH Shaanxi Hengtong Fruit Juice & Beverage Group China Huiyuan Juice Group Ltd Britvic Plc. Welch Foods Inc., A Cooperative Rauch Fruchts?fte Gmbh & Co Og Hermann Pfanner Getr?nke GmbH Cobell Ltd On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Liquid Concentrate Powder Concentrate Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Apple Concentrate for each application, including Foods and Beverages Cosmetics Pharmaceuticals Flavors Others If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.  Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1282927-global-apple-concentrate-market-research-report-2017 Table Of Contents Global Apple Concentrate Market Research Report 2017 1 Apple Concentrate Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Apple Concentrate 1.2 Apple Concentrate Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Apple Concentrate Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Apple Concentrate Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Liquid Concentrate 1.2.4 Powder Concentrate 1.2.5 Others 1.3 Global Apple Concentrate Segment by Application 1.3.1 Apple Concentrate Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Foods and Beverages 1.3.3 Cosmetics 1.3.4 Pharmaceuticals 1.3.5 Flavors 1.3.6 Others 1.4 Global Apple Concentrate Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Apple Concentrate Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Apple Concentrate (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Apple Concentrate Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Apple Concentrate Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Apple Concentrate Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Apple Concentrate Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Apple Concentrate Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Apple Concentrate Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Apple Concentrate Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Apple Concentrate Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Apple Concentrate Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Apple Concentrate Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Apple Concentrate Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Apple Concentrate Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Apple Concentrate Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 North America Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 Europe Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 Southeast Asia Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 India Apple Concentrate Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Apple Concentrate Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Apple Concentrate Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Apple Concentrate Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Apple Concentrate Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Apple Concentrate Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Apple Concentrate Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Apple Concentrate Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Apple Concentrate Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Apple Concentrate Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Apple Concentrate Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Apple Concentrate Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Apple Concentrate Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Apple Concentrate Production Growth by Type (2012-2017)  Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1282927                             CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsApple Concentrate, Apple Concentrate Industry, Apple Concentrate Manufacturers, Apple Concentrate Market, Apple Concentrate Market Analysis, Apple Concentrate Market Segmentation, Apple Concentrate Market Share, Apple Concentrate Market Size, Apple Concentrate May 2017, News Release, Presses Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SPOILER ALERT: Season 2, Episode 2 of “Spoiled to Perfection”(TM) Web Video Series Explores the Link Between Fermentation and Gourmet Chocolate Next PostNext Crustacean Market – Research Report Search Recent Posts Digital Games Market to Undertake Strapping Growth During 2021 Forecast Report -2022 On Global Turbine Governor Sales Industry 2017 – Orbis Research 2017 Shawarma Machines Sales Industry: Global Trend, Profit, And Key Manufacturers Analysis Report Global Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) Equipment Market Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Global Substation Automation Market Comprehensive Report 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 14 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 Apple planning new Mexico retail location in San Luis Potosi mall Chance Miller - May. 14th 2017 12:37 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Store Apple Retail View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is planning a new Apple Store in Mexico as it continues to expand its presence around the globe. The new retail location will be located in the city of San Luis Potosi and construction is currently ongoing… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Specifically, the Apple Store will be located in a new section of the El Dorado Mall. While Apple has not yet confirmed details about the store, there is a sign with Apple branding where the store will be located that reads “Próximamente,” or “coming soon.” Additionally, Apple has started hiring for the store, according to people familiar with the matter. Apple opened its first retail store in Mexico last September and is already working on another location in Mexico City. The San Luis Potosi will be the company’s third in Mexico. The new Mexico City location is said to be “flagship” in nature, with a design akin to that of Apple’s World Trade Center location in New York City. The store is said to be multi-level with the Genius Bar and retail space split from one another. There’s no word on when Apple’s new San Luis Potosi retail location will open to the public, but the company is clearly moving things along as construction and hiring both continue. It’s also unclear just how big the new retail location will be and what sort of design traits it will share. Elsewhere around the world, we reported last week that Apple will do a worldwide overnight refresh on older retail locations on May 16th. This effort will see Apple bring some of the qualities of its new flagships stores to older, smaller stores that can’t accommodate the full redesign. The changeover is best described as sort of a “‘halfway house’ between the original and new looks. Apple also recently showed off motorized carbon fiber windows in its Dubai Mall store, and is working on the opening of a new Singapore store. As always, we’ll update with more information about Apple’s new San Luis Potosi retail location as we get it. Do you have plans to visit this location when it opens to the public? Let us know down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Store View THe Guide Apple Retail View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 End of an era as mp3 music format popularised by the iPod is officially discontinued [Update] Ben Lovejoy - May. 15th 2017 4:06 am PT @benlovejoy iTunes iPod View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit [Update: OS News reports that what Fraunhofer IIS fails to mention is that the last of the patents expired, and this is the reason that it is no longer licensing the format.] More than 25 years after it was first developed, the mp3 format for digital music has been officially discontinued. The Fraunhofer Institute, the main organization responsible for licensing the encoders and decoders, has today announced that it ceased doing so late last month. Apple was of course in large part responsible for popularizing the format, but also played a role in its demise … NordVPN It was Apple’s iPod which transformed digital music players from a niche product used mostly by techies to a mainstream device when it launched in 2001. But it wasn’t long before Apple moved on, offering support for the superior AAC format in 2003. Fraunhofer IIS says that AAC has effectively now superceded mp3. Most state-of-the-art media services such as streaming or TV and radio broadcasting use modern ISO-MPEG codecs such as the AAC family or in the future MPEG-H. Those can deliver more features and a higher audio quality at much lower bitrates compared to mp3. Apple came under fire for embedding FairPlay digital rights management (DRM) into its own version of AAC, with several antitrust lawsuits alleging that Apple was illegally preventing iTunes customers from switching to competitor devices. The lawsuits were eventually combined, and Apple won. There was also a cat-and-mouse game between Apple and third-party apps designed to removed the protection. In 2007, Apple discontinued the use of DRM, instead embedding a purchase receipt into the AAC file so that the origin could be traced if it was shared on peer-to-peer networks. The format itself is likely to be around for a number of years yet as it’s used by many existing devices, and new ones will now be possible without licenses. Via Gizmodo Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iTunes View THe Guide iPod View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Apple reveals its plans for a flagship retail store in Milan, where you walk through a fountain to enter Ben Lovejoy - May. 15th 2017 6:48 am PT @benlovejoy Apple Store Italy View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It was back in January that we first heard that Apple was planning a new flagship retail store in Milan, Italy, with an outdoor amphitheater – and the company has now confirmed those plans. It will be a square full of ideas. We are incredibly happy to be in the center of Milan, a town that for centuries combines creativity and innovation. In the coming months we will work to give you a new Liberty Square: an open space for everyone to take a break, meet with friends, discover new interests. The store will sit beneath the amphitheater, and you’ll enter it using a staircase that descends through the middle of a fountain … NordVPN The store is there but you do not see it. Thanks to an original architectural solution, it is hidden beneath the cozy outdoor amphitheater. It will be the perfect place to share your passions, discover new ones and deepen your skills. You enter the store passing through two tall walls of water forming a great fountain, a tribute to traditional Italian squares. The store will be named Apple Piazza Liberty and will be located at Piazza del Liberty, 1–20121 Milano. Apple is reportedly paying the city around €768k ($843k) to cover the cost of reconstructing the square after the store is completed, as well as an annual rent of €127k ($140k) for the use of the square. The opening date has not yet been announced. This is the first store I’ve seen that really makes sense of the idea of Apple Store becoming a new place to meet friends. With usually crowded interiors and no tea or coffee, that aspect of the Today at Apple initiative seemed a bit of a stretch, but where the roof of your store is a piazza, the idea clearly works. Apple is also expanding both the scope and the profile of its workshop program. Apple has been rather active on the retail store front of late, removing the iconic glass cube at NYC’s 5th Avenue store as part of a major development, preparing to open its first store in Singapore, revealing plans for a Carnegie Library store in DC and ensuring that older stores unsuitable for a complete makeover don’t get completely left out. Check out a couple more photos below. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Apple Store View THe Guide Italy View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 macOS 10.12.5 rolling out on the Mac App Store with USB headphones fix, Windows 10 improvement, more Zac Hall - May. 15th 2017 9:59 am PT @apollozac Mac macOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is officially rolling out the macOS 10.12.5 software update for all Mac users. macOS 10.12.5 is available as a free update through the Mac App Store. Sony A6500 macOS 10.12.5 primarily focuses on delivering bug fixes and performance and security improvements to macOS Sierra. Apple last added new features through macOS 10.12.4 in March which includes Night Shift for Mac for the first time. We likely won’t see any new features introduced to the Mac until macOS 10.13 is introduced at WWDC 2017 next month on June 5. Read our macOS 10.13 feature wish list for our ideas about what we’d like to see in the next major macOS update. We’ll update with any changes discovered in the latest macOS Sierra release. macOS Sierra Update 10.12.5 The macOS Sierra 10.12.5 update improves the security, stability and compatibility of your Mac, and is recommended for all users.  This update: Fixes an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones Enhances compatibility of the Mac App Store with future software updates Adds support for media-free installation of Windows 10 Creator Update using Boot Camp Any ideas what ‘enhances compatibility of the Mac App Store with future software updates’ could mean? 🤔 Subscribe to 9to5Mac for more hands-on videos Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Mac View THe Guide macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone and iPad Zac Hall - May. 15th 2017 9:57 am PT @apollozac iPad iPhone iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has officially released the iOS 10.3.2 software update for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. The latest software update focuses on bug fixes and performance and security improvements. Sony A6500 For instructions on updating your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch to the latest version of iOS, see our tutorial on updating software here. iOS 10.3.2 follows the March release of iOS 10.3 which includes Find My AirPods, CarPlay updates, Apple File System, and more. Apple also released iOS 10.3.1 in early April which includes bug fixes and security improvements. Apple is likely focusing on iOS 11 for major new features which we expect to see introduced at WWDC 2017 on June 5 next month. Catch up on our iOS 11 wish list stories for iPhone and iPad, CarPlay, and HomeKit in the mean time. We’ll update with any changes discovered in the latest update for iPhone and iPad. Subscribe to 9to5Mac for more videos Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide iPhone View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 tvOS 10.2.1 update for Apple TV now available Zac Hall - May. 15th 2017 10:00 am PT @apollozac Apple TV tvOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is now rolling out the tvOS 10.2.1 software update for the fourth generation Apple TV. The update likely includes bug fixes and performance improvements to tvOS 10. Sony A6500 The update follows the recent release of tvOS 10.2 which includes a new fast scrolling method and under-the-hood changes. Apple used tvOS 10.1 to introduce the new TV app for Apple TV while tvOS 10 included dark mode, a smarter Siri, HomeKit support, and more. Apple also recently released an iPad version of its Apple TV Remote app for iOS which includes Split View support and more. Apple is expected to preview tvOS 11 for the first time at WWDC 2017 next month on June 5. For an idea of what we could expect, check out our wish list for tvOS 11 and what we hope to see come to Apple TV. We’ll update if any changes are discovered in tvOS 10.2.1.   Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple TV View THe Guide tvOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 watchOS 3.2.2 update for Apple Watch now available Zac Hall - May. 15th 2017 10:00 am PT @apollozac Apple Watch watchOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is now rolling out the latest watchOS 3.2.2 software update for Apple Watch. The update focuses on bug fixes and performance improvements to watchOS 3. Sony A6500 While watchOS 3.2.2 doesn’t focus on new features, Apple did introduce Theater Mode for Apple Watch and SiriKit for apps with the recent watchOS 3.2 software update. Apple also introduced new watch face colors including Nike versions through watchOS 3.2. Apple will likely unveil watchOS 4 for Apple Watch at WWDC which kicks off on June 5. In the meantime, catch up on our watchOS 4 wish list for what we would like to see come to Apple Watch this year. We’ll update with any changes discovered in watchOS 3.2.2. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide watchOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] May 14 AAPL: 156.10 2.15 Latest drone video shows how Apple Park construction has progressed over the last year Chance Miller - May. 14th 2017 10:20 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Park View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit While some have slighted Apple for not moving employees into its new Apple Park headquarters at a faster pace, it’s clear that the progress made throughout the last year has been incredible. This evening, drone aficionado Matthew Roberts has released his latest Apple Park video, but instead of the typical flyover style, this video shows how the campus has transformed over the last year… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The video starts with showing the month-by-month progress of the spaceship design, showing things such as solar panel installation, landscaping, and much more. The Steve Jobs Theater is also highlighted alongside the main tunnel for underground access. Furthermore, we can see the research and development center, as well as the fitness center, take shape. Other highlighted aspects of Apple Park include the atrium, the parking garage, and the reduction of the massive pile of dirt. Several videographers have provided mostly drone flyover videos of Apple Park throughout the past year and today’s video does an excellent job of showing the progress that has been made. As we saw with the drone footage released last month, however, there’s still plenty of progress to be made before Apple Park is 100 percent complete and Apple is working around the clock to accomplish it all. It wasn’t until February that Apple officially announced that its new headquarters would be named Apple Park, while the 1,000-seat auditorium would be named the Steve Jobs Theater. The company also stated that Apple Park would be ready for employees to start moving in during the month of April, which has now come and gone with an unknown number of employees moving in. Check out the transformation video below and keep up to date with everything we know about Apple Park in our continually updated guide. What do you think of the progress Apple has made over the last year? Let us know down in the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple's suppliers are seeing low sales ahead of production of the iPhone 8 James Cook May 15, 2017, 12:38 PM 1,990 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple's suppliers have reportedly experienced lower than normal sales, which signals that Apple's rumoured iPhone 8 may be in short supply. A note published by analysts at Longbow Research on May 10 examines the sales of Apple's Taiwanese suppliers. Its estimates show that suppliers' sales increased 5.2% year-on-year, but they were down 9.3% sequentially. Longbow Research analysts note that 27 out of 35 of Apple's suppliers "reported worse than seasonal sales." A chart from Longbow's analyst note.Longbow The drop in supplier sales doesn't mean that Apple isn't selling a lot of iPhones right now. Instead, it suggests that Apple isn't ordering parts for its upcoming iPhones in the same volume as previous years. And down the line, that suggests there won't be that many iPhones available for sale when they launch. The idea that the iPhone 8 may be in short supply is nothing new. Reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who also covers Apple suppliers, said last month that "severe supply shortages may persist for a while after the new models are launched, capping total shipments of new iPhones in 2H17." Apple has a close relationship with its suppliers which can mean that a supplier's value and revenue is largely based on its orders from Apple. That's all well and good if Apple's orders keep coming, but it can spell disaster if Apple decides to stop using your company. Chipmaker Imagination Technologies' stock fell 70% last month after Apple announced it would no longer use the company. NOW WATCH: This man spent 6 weeks working undercover in an iPhone factory in China — here's what it was like Loading video... More: Apple iPhone 8 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple's suppliers are seeing low sales ahead of production of the iPhone 8 Apple's suppliers are seeing low sales ahead of production of the iPhone 8 Apple's suppliers have reportedly experienced... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 [Download] Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 [Download] Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Google Assistant to Launch as Standalone App on iOS? Apple Unveils Design for New Flagship 'Piazza Liberty' Retail Store in Milan Apple Park: One Year Construction Recap [Video] Apple Acquires Lattice Dark Data Company for $200 Million Nike Releases New iPhone Cases With Air Force 1 and Roshe Outsole Patterns Apple Posts New 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' Video Series [Watch] Anker Speakers and Earbuds on Sale Up to 72% Off [Deal] Apple Awards Corning Its First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 14 hours ago by iClarified · 4914 views · Translate Apple has released iOS 10.3.2 for download. iOS 10.3.2 includes bug fixes and improves the security of your iPhone or iPad. For information on the security content of Apple software updates, please visit this website: https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222 Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates on any changes found in the new firmware version. Download Links: ● Where to Download iPhone Firmware Files From ● Where to Download iPad Firmware Files From ● Where to Download iPod Touch Firmware Files From Follow iClarified Comments (11) Add Comment Nitemare - 8 hours ago I'm still on 8.4.. What a jump! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Hmmm - 5 hours ago 8.4? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Hmmm - 5 hours ago Are you using an iPhone 4 or 5? Pretty sure and most certain you won't be able to update to the latest software. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Waleed Hussain - 8 hours ago Next Jailbreak release from DUBAI.... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Great! - 10 hours ago This one stops you from jailbreaking 10.3.1 Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 6 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 [Download] Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 [Download] Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Google Assistant to Launch as Standalone App on iOS? Apple Unveils Design for New Flagship 'Piazza Liberty' Retail Store in Milan Apple Park: One Year Construction Recap [Video] Apple Acquires Lattice Dark Data Company for $200 Million Nike Releases New iPhone Cases With Air Force 1 and Roshe Outsole Patterns Apple Posts New 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' Video Series [Watch] Anker Speakers and Earbuds on Sale Up to 72% Off [Deal] Apple Awards Corning Its First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 13 hours ago by iClarified · 2145 views · Translate Apple has released watchOS 3.2.2 for download alongside iOS 10.3.2. This update includes improvements and bug fixes For information on the security content of Apple software updates, please visit this website: https://support.apple.com/kb/HT201222 You can find instructions on how to update the software on your Apple Watch here. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for more updates. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Report: Apple Inc. Prepping "Siri Smart Speaker" Apple's planning to go head to head with Amazon in this emerging product category. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 15, 2017 at 12:30PM Earlier this month, generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo issued a note to clients (via MacRumors) in which he said: There is an over 50% chance that Apple [(NASDAQ:AAPL)] will announce its first home [artificial intelligence] product at WWDC in June and start selling in the [second half of 2017] in order to compete with the new Amazon [(NASDAQ:AMZN)] Echo models to be launched. At the time, the analyst also said this device will "have excellent acoustics and computing power," pack an applications processor in the same league as either the A8 or the A9, and command a higher price than the Amazon Echo. Image source: Amazon. Kuo pegged the odds that the device would launch at Apple's World Wide Developers Conference in early June at "over 50%," and expects Apple to move "over 10 [million]" units of the device in its first year (this detail comes via 9to5Mac). In a more recent note (also via MacRumors), Kuo added a final detail -- that it will be endowed with a touch screen.  Let's take a closer look at how this upcoming product could affect Apple's business. Yet another new product category It's extremely unlikely that Apple will come up with a new product category that will be anywhere near as successful as the iPhone. However, if it can come up with many reasonably successful new product categories that, in aggregate, can help drive solid revenue and profit growth (as well as hook people into its product ecosystem), that would be a solid way to build shareholder value. If Apple prices this so-called "Siri Smart Speaker" at around $300 (the latest Amazon Echo Show, which includes a touchscreen, sells for $229.99) and if it can sell at least 10 million units per year, then that's a potential $3 billion in incremental annual revenue. Again, in the context of Apple's gargantuan revenue base (its fiscal 2016 revenue came in at $215.64 billion), an additional $3 billion doesn't seem like much. However, in the context of the strategy noted above about many smaller growth opportunities aggregating into significant growth, this seems interesting enough. And, expanding on a parenthetical point made earlier, Apple's entire business should benefit if it can bring in and retain customers into its ecosystem. The upcoming "Siri Smart Speaker" should be a good stand-alone product, but it should really show its full potential when used with other Apple products such as the iPhone/iPad/Apple Watch. A compelling stand-alone product could boost the likelihood that a customer who doesn't already have, say, an iPhone, iPad, or a Mac will want to dive deeper into the Apple ecosystem to see what she or he might be missing. Additionally, a product that shines when used with other Apple products could make it less desirable for current users to switch to competing products/software ecosystems. Indeed, Apple's tightly integrated ecosystem of products is widely viewed as a key competitive advantage, and to the extent that Apple can bolster said advantage, the better. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 15, 2017 at 12:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $957.97 down $-3.38 (-0.35%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Report: Apple Inc. Prepping "Siri Smart Speaker" @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN
SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Vogue met galafashionbeautycultureliving runway shop Most Shared Culture These Divorced Celebrity Couples Show How to Make It Work on Mother’s Day May 15, 2017 4:41 PM by Michelle Ruiz Photo: Getty Images Hollywood has long been thought of as a hotbed of bitter divorces, but, in an uplifting new twist, these days it’s also emerging as the land of ultra-amicable breakups. This warm and fuzzy trend was abundantly clear over the weekend, as several high-profile divorced couples spent Mother’s Day with both their children and the ex-husbands who helped make them moms in the first place. Gwyneth Paltrow, she of the “conscious uncoupling” philosophy (who frequently accompanies her children Apple and Moses to their dad and her ex-husband Chris Martin’s Coldplay concerts), led the charge. Paltrow Instagrammed a cheery photo of her and Martin and their kids celebrating Apple’s 13th birthday and Mother’s Day at Los Angeles’s Museum of Ice Cream. Swimming in a “sprinkle pool” with one’s ex might be the stuff of nightmares for some, but not these progressive co-parents. Loading View on Instagram Drew Barrymore similarly shared her friendly relationship with her ex on Instagram, honoring her ex-husband Will Kopelman, from whom she announced her separation last year, in a sweet Mother’s Day post that noted: “Father is awesome and we have happy unorthodox union. And let’s honor the dads today too.” Loading View on Instagram And while Mariah Carey may have a legendary reputation as a diva, her relationship with ex-husband Nick Cannon appears notably lacking in drama: The amicable co-parents were photographed having a Mother’s Day dinner with their twins Moroccan and Monroe (aka “dem babies”) at Nobu in L.A. on Sunday night, on the heels of recent family outings to Disneyland and a teddy bear–themed birthday party for the twins, at which, according to Instagram, Carey and Cannon seemed to have a ball together. It just goes to show: People may have laughed at that fateful Goop post, but it looks like Gwyneth really started a conscious uncoupling movement. Your move, Brad and Angelina. In This Story:Divorce, Mother's Day Don’t Miss a Met Gala Moment The Met Gala is the Oscars of fashion, and we want to make sure you don’t miss a moment—or a dress. Here, you will find the best red carpet style, exclusive after-party photos, and much, much more. See all of our coverage Vogue Met Gala Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Masthead Vogue Podcast Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display Image Source: ifanr Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 15th, 2017 at 12:39 PM Share Tweet Although we’ve seen a number of reports with conflicting information about the iPhone 8’s upcoming release date, reputed leaker Steve Hemmerstoffer — who you might know better as @OnLeaks — took to Twitter recently and said that iPhone 8 mass production will not be delayed as previously rumored. On the contrary, Apple is expected to begin mass producing its next-gen iPhone in August ahead of a September launch. And while there’s a good chance the iPhone 8 will be in short supply at launch, it’s still reassuring to know that we won’t all have to wait until November before getting our hands on what promises to be the most advanced iPhone, and perhaps smartphone, we’ve seen yet. As it stands now, the biggest question surrounding the iPhone 8 centers on whether or not Apple will embed the Touch ID sensor into the OLED display itself or if it will be placed on the back on the device, as some leaked schematics have suggested. It also remains to be seen what Apple plans to call its 2017 flagship iPhone, with some reports indicating that it may be dubbed the iPhone Edition. Don't Miss: Apple’s iPhone 8 will be the most expensive iPhone the world has ever seen While we won’t really know the answers to those questions for a few more months, the good news is that we can imagine what the iPhone 8 design might possibly look like thanks to a seemingly endless stream of iPhone 8 concept designs from talented artists. The most recent iPhone 8 concept we came across comes from the ConceptsiPhone YouTube channel which put together another compelling look at some of the features we can look forward to later this year. While the video starts off with an outrageous and fantastical image of an iPhone 8 with an augmented reality display on steroids, things settle down soon thereafter as we’re shown a more realistic look at some of the new design features Apple’s upcoming iPhone will bring to the table. The video does a particularly nice job of illustrating what Apple’s implementation of its rumored “function area” might look like. Of course, it goes without saying that if the iPhone 8 Apple releases this coming Fall looks anything like the video above, people will be lining up in droves to buy it, even if it does end up costing $1000. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead 2 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 3 Tech Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack 4 Business Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil 5 Tech New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display Picked For You Watch Melissa McCarthy’s most hilarious Sean Spicer bit yet from SNL By Chris Smith 17 hours ago New ‘Legend of Zelda’ game reportedly coming to iPhone and Android By Jacob Siegal 20 hours ago The first trip to Mars will include the longest layover ever By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-16 Feminist Filmmaker Cassie Jaye’s ‘The Red Pill’ Examines Enigmatic And Isolated World of Men’s Rights Movement Entertainment 2017-05-15 Katy Perry 2017 Tour Dates And ‘Witness’ Album Release Revealed As ‘American Idol’ Rumors Intensify Entertainment 2017-05-14 SNL’s Amazon Echo Silver Skit Attempts To Poke Fun At Older People, Shows Good Smart Speaker Concept Instead Entertainment, News 2017-05-14 ‘Ellen DeGeneres Show’: Nicole Kidman Spitting Out Chef’s Food, Rude Or Just A Harmless Joke? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-15 South Carolina Teen Dies From Caffeine Overdose After Drinking Just Three Popular Drinks News 2017-05-15 Donald Trump Reportedly Revealed ‘Highly Classified Information’ To Russian Diplomats Last Week News 2017-05-15 Cop Overdoses On Drug Fentanyl Just By Brushing Powder Off His Shirt News 2017-05-15 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [UPDATED] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-16 Braun Strowman Injury Timeline A Work? WWE Rumors Suggest Return Date May Be Sooner Than Expected Basketball 2017-05-16 NBA Playoffs: Boston Celtics Defeat Washington Wizards, Advance To Eastern Conference Finals Basketball 2017-05-16 Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Thailand: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 5 Wrestling 2017-05-15 WWE News: Roman Reigns, Finn Balor Added To Next ‘Monday Night Raw’ Pay-Per-View Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Health 2017-05-07 PPD Awareness Month: Mom Gets Real About Postpartum Depression, Shows How Life’s Not Always ‘Facebook Ready’ Health 2017-05-07 Does Johnson’s Baby Powder Cause Cancer? Woman Awarded $110.5 Million In Baby Powder Lawsuit Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-15 ‘The Legend Of Zelda’ Headed To Mobile, Plus New Pokemon Trading Card Game Technology 2017-05-15 US Department of Defense to Accelerate Its Windows 10 Upgrade Gaming 2017-05-15 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update: ‘Captains Log: Day 4’ Video Released, May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Download Closer Science 2017-05-14 Atheism Makes You More Intelligent: Research BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 Fake News Article Claims ‘FBI Finds Evidence Of Collusion. Trump Facing Impeachment,’ Gets 26K Facebook Likes BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 26 Children In Overturned Bus Crash On Interstate 95 In Harford County, Maryland BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 Jared McLemore’s Facebook Live Video In Memphis Setting Himself On Fire Gets 6.5K Views, Removed From Facebook BuzzWorthy 2017-05-15 ‘Affordable Healthcare Is A Privilege’: What Was Behind Miss USA’s Controversial Remarks? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Gwyneth Paltrow’s Daughter Apple Is Officially A Teenager, And She Looks Just Like Her Mom Celebrity News 0 0 0 May 15, 2017 Gwyneth Paltrow’s Daughter Apple Is Officially A Teenager, And She Looks Just Like Her Mom Stacey Cole This year’s Mother’s Day was very special for Gwyneth Paltrow and her ex-husband Chris Martin for three reasons. Apart from being honored on this day as a proud mother-of-two, Sunday was also special for Gwyneth Paltrow because her daughter, Apple, celebrated her 13th birthday that day, and also because the Sliding Doors actress officially became the mom of a teenager! And since this is 2017 – where no special day goes without being documented on social media – Gwyneth Paltrow took to Instagram to share a photo of Apple, who looks just like a little doppelganger of her 44-year-old mother. In the caption, Gwyneth Paltrow revealed a quirky nickname for Apple, who officially became a teenager on Sunday. Calling her 13-year-old daughter “schnapps,” the actress wrote that Apple “lights up every room, my heart, the world.” Gwyneth Paltrow also shared a family Boomerang (albeit not so “family” considering that Paltrow and Chris Martin split after ten years of marriage) showing herself, Apple, Chris Martin, and their 11-year-old son, Moses. Describing her daughter as “a gorgeous human” in the caption to the photo, Gwyneth Paltrow certainly complimented her own looks, because Apple looks like a carbon copy of her mother. Although both Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin have moved on in their personal lives after their split in 2014, the proud mom and dad looked all smiles with their two kids on the Boomerang. For the special occasion, Gwyneth Paltrow and ex-husband Chris Martin took Moses and the birthday girl, Apple, to the Museum of Ice Cream in Los Angeles. On the family Boomerang, Chris Martin is seen hugging Apple, while his ex-wife Gwyneth Paltrow wrapped her arm around Moses. The Boomerang has such good vibes because the duo have remained good friends after their split in 2014. Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human. You light up every room, my heart, the world. You. Are. Everything. I love you, schnapps. #???? A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on May 14, 2017 at 9:55am PDT Last year, Gwyneth Paltrow opened up to Marie Claire Australia that she and the Coldplay frontman are “better as friends” than they were married, according to the Mirror. “We are very close and supportive of one another.” Gwyneth Paltrow moved on from Chris Martin several months after they made their divorce official. The actress has been dating Glee co-creator Brad Falchuk since 2014, while the Coldplay frontman is currently dating actress girlfriend Annabelle Wallis. Best Apple's birthday/Mother's Day EVER at the @museumoficecream ????????????@autumncomm SO FUN #goopgo #dtla A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on May 14, 2017 at 2:09pm PDT On March 1, one day before Chris Martin’s 40th birthday, Gwyneth Paltrow celebrated her boyfriend Falchuk’s 45th birthday. That same day, the duo made their romance Instagram-official with a snap showing the couple in a dark-wood clad room. Happy birthday, handsome A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on Mar 1, 2017 at 5:55pm PST Gwyneth Paltrow didn’t forget about the father of her kids the next day, as she took to Instagram to share a happy family photo with Chris Martin and their two kids. In the caption, Paltrow called Martin “the best daddy in the world,” and added that “we love you so much.” In the same interview with Marie Claire last year, Gwyneth Paltrow said she and her ex-husband Chris Martin are “still a family.” “It’s like we are still a family, but not a couple.” Gwyneth Paltrow also spoke about raising her kids in her last year’s interview with Harper’s Bazaar. The actress opened up about how her own upbringing by her parents influenced her raising of Apple and Moses. “I actually don’t need to encourage her to take risks. She likes to push herself; she wants to see how far she can get.” Saying that her dad taught her and her brother “the skills to be grown-ups” as well as the “curiosity to ask the right questions,” Gwyneth Paltrow admitted that it’s “really inspiring” to be raising Apple. However, things might get a little out of hand for Gwyneth Paltrow soon, as Apple has just become a teenager, and could soon enter the phase in every teenager’s life when they argue with their parents. [Featured Image by Evan Agostini/AP Images] Now Watch This: Paris Hilton Possibly Invented The Selfie Now Read This: Feminist Filmmaker Cassie Jaye’s ‘The Red Pill’ Examines Enigmatic And Isolated World of Men’s Rights Movement Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Stacey Cole Tags: apple paltrow, apple martin, chris martin, gwyneth paltrow November 3, 2013 Kendall Jenner Turns 18, Porn Offers Flood Her Inbox November 3, 2013 Nick Foles Throws 7 TDs, Ties NFL Record Comments LATEST HEADLINES Feminist Filmmaker Cassie Jaye’s ‘The Red Pill’ Examines Enigmatic And Isolated World of Men’s Rights Movement Braun Strowman Injury Timeline A Work? WWE Rumors Suggest Return Date May Be Sooner Than Expected Seth Rich Murder: Julian Assange Retweets Story Claiming Slain DNC Staffer Leaked Emails To WikiLeaks Kris Jenner Shows No Sign Of Caitlyn On Mother’s Day Posts, Kardashian-Jenner Siblings Snub Estranged Father NBA Playoffs: Boston Celtics Defeat Washington Wizards, Advance To Eastern Conference Finals Gilas Pilipinas Vs. Thailand: Live Stream, Preview, Where To Watch SEABA 2017 Day 5 Estacada Murder-Stabbing Update: Man Was Carrying Mother’s Decapitated Head When Grocery Assault Began Aaron Hernandez’s Fiancee Doesn’t Believe He Committed Murder Or Suicide ‘Southern Charm’ Kathryn Dennis Shares All Drugs Test Results Post-Rehab WWE News: Roman Reigns, Finn Balor Added To Next ‘Monday Night Raw’ Pay-Per-View Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 19.5k 0 0 Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 8.6k 0 0 Full List Of 2017-2018 Canceled Shows For CBS, NBC, ABC, FX, Fox, Hulu, Netflix, HBO, Starz, And More 7.2k 0 0 Stephen King Is Calling For Trump To Be Impeached 7.5k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [UPDATED] 4.8k 0 0 Jim Parsons, Star of ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Marries His Long Time Love In New York 5.5k 0 0 Recent Videos Celebrity News Shaquille O’Neal Wants To Be The New Sheriff In Town Celebrity News Bella Hadid And Kendall Jenner Post Racy Bikini Vacation Pictures Entertainment Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs Sued By Former Personal Chef Entertainment Grammy Awards Will Celebrate 60th Anniversary In New York Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Search My Account Help Log In Search Close More Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society InvestingDaily.com Homepage Free Reports Investing Topics Investing Experts Account Information My Account Manage all your subscriptions, update your address, email preferences and change your password. Help Center Get answers to common service questions, ask the analyst or contact our customer service department. My Stock Talk Profile Update your stock talk name and/or picture. Close Home Premium Services Breakthrough Tech Profits Canadian Edge Energy Strategist MLP Profits Options for Income Personal Finance Profit Catalyst Alert Systematic Wealth Utility Forecaster Velocity Trader Wealth Society Free E-Letters The Energy Letter Income without Borders Mind Over Markets Stocks to Watch Investing Topics Pacific Basin Economy Canadian Income Stocks Commodities Stocks Dividend Investing DRIP Investing Center Emerging Markets ETF Investing Growth Stocks Energy Stocks Alternative Energy Stocks Coal Stocks Natural Gas Stocks Oil Investing Uranium Stocks Utility Stocks Inflation Protection Investing in Bonds Master Limited Partnerships Mutual Funds Personal Finances Retirement Investing Stock Market Investing Stocks to Watch Value Investing Investing Experts Ari Charney Igor Greenwald Jim Pearce Jim Fink Linda McDonough Robert Rapier Free Reports FEATURED STRATEGY Trades This Easy Should Be Illegal Not long ago, a mysterious signal showed up in Wynn Resort’s stock chart. In just weeks, share prices rose 53%. But you would have left a lot of money on the table. Because a simple two-sentence set of instructions would have turned that same 53% gain into a stunning 296% winner. That’s good enough to turn $5,000 into a staggering $19,800. Now, it’s about to happen again. Here’s how to get the profit instructions.   Buy the Business, Not the Hype By Benjamin Shepherd on May 15, 2017 Just login with your email address to instantly generate a PDF of this content. Privacy Policy You should be nervous when the press gets worked into a lather over stocks instead of companies. The latest case in point is the race to the first $1 trillion market cap. A simple Google search will turn up dozens of articles that pay more attention to the race instead of the actual fundamentals of the businesses. This giddy atmosphere is reminiscent of the froth leading up to the dot.com crash and it’s a particularly relevant example since Microsoft (NSDQ: MSFT) is once again in the $1 trillion running. If you think back to 1999, people were saying the same thing about MSFT, only to have it bomb out three months after its valuation peaked just shy of $620 billion. I’m not sure if there’s a trillion dollar curse, but it sure seems like a suspicious coincidence. The good news is that, unlike the days of the dot com bubble, tech companies today actually do have the technology that justifies their big market caps. Five tech companies have valuations over $400 billion: Apple (NSDQ: AAPL), with $822.5 billion; Alphabet (NSDQ: GOOGL), $656.6 billion; Microsoft, $521.9 billion; Amazon (NSDQ: AMZN), $464.4 billion; and Facebook, $436.7 billion. All of these companies have sound businesses. They all have products they’re actually selling, unlike in the bad old days of the early aughts when many didn’t. They’ve also been investing heavily in developing next generation technologies, notably virtual reality, artificial intelligence and machine learning. I don’t think any of these five would be bad investments, in and of themselves. Apple probably stands the best chance of crossing the $1 trillion finishing line, and not just because it’s already within spitting distance. It’s made several smart acquisitions, most recently picking up Lattice, which specializes in making sense of unorganized, dark data. Apple last year also picked up Turi, which specializes in machine learning. If Apple manages to reboot lagging iPhone sales, gets a bump from any congressional tax deal and continues innovating technologically, it could pass the trillion-dollar threshold. But generally speaking, you must buy the business, not the hype. And I see warning signs developing in the economic outlook that are worrying. The biggest red flag is bank resolutions. It seems an obscure metric, but the FDIC doesn’t takeover banks on a whim; those banks have to be in serious trouble. Banks usually get into trouble by making bad loans and that usually happens when, to maintain growth, they make those loans to marginal borrowers. Credit has been easy for so long, most of the best qualified borrowers already have all the cash they need, so banks have started making loans to folks that might not have the best means of paying them back. When that happens, it’s a good sign that credit has expanded a bit too much. It’s only the middle of May and there already have been five bank failures, as many as there were in all of 2016. The VIX index also makes me worry, precisely because it’s telling me not to. An indicator of the market’s expected volatility over the next 30 days, the VIX recently hit a ten-year low. Maybe it’s because I’m the naturally cautious type, but I just can’t see how that’s possible with everything going on in the world. The sentiment seems more like complacency than optimism. Considering that a lot of these $1 trillion dollar hopes are pinned on a tax reform deal getting done in Congress, a failure there could force investors to start digging deeper into the overall state of the economy. Accordingly, trends such as the rise in bank failures will get more attention and people will start to realize that maybe they shouldn’t be quite so calm. That sounds like the makings of a sell-off to me. If you’ve bought into a stock like Apple or Amazon just because it looks like it could be the first to hit a $1 trillion valuation, odds are you’ll be tempted to duck out at the first sign of trouble. If you bought them because they’re good businesses with promising technologies and growth prospects, you should treat a sell-off as an opportunity to buy more.   You might also enjoy…   “A Staggering 14,852% Return!” For over a year, we’ve been sending out a short email twice a week to a small group of investors with the goal of delivering triple-digit gains in less than 60 days. And during the last 12 months alone, we’ve come through for them 24 times! Plus, over the same period of time, we’ve also shown them 43 double-digit winners, too. That’s 67 winning trade recommendations in the course of a single year. Those on the receiving end of these recommendations are so happy about their gains, they’ve flooded my inbox with notes like this one from Noel A., who says… “My annualized return is a staggering 14,852.3%!!” Best of all, our Profit Multiplier system, which generates the two simple sentences of instructions responsible for these results, has just hit on three new trades, and each one could hand you fast gains of 150% or more. But here’s the thing: The timing here is crucial. And the window to get in on the action is closing fast. So if you’re even remotely interested in doubling your money three times in the coming weeks, you need to watch this brief video. You’ll not only discover how this system works, you’ll also learn what you need do to take part in the trades it’s pinpointed. You can watch it here. Stock Talk — Post a comment Comment Guidelines Our Stock Talk section is reserved for productive dialogue pertaining to the content and portfolio recommendations of this service. We reserve the right to remove any comments we feel do not benefit other readers. If you have a general investment comment not related to this article, please post to our Stock Talk page. If you have a personal question about your subscription or need technical help, please contact our customer service team. And if you have any success stories to share with our analysts, they’re always happy to hear them. Note that we may use your kind words in our promotional materials. Thank you. You must be logged in to post to Stock Talk OR create an account. Create a new Investing Daily account Use Social Connect   - OR - Email Address Display Name Appears on all of your comments Password Confirm Password   * Investing Daily will use any information you provide in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Your email address is used for account verification and will remain private. 29 Stocks to Sell Now! If you own just one of these companies, your portfolio is at risk today. Inside you’ll get their names and ticker symbols, along with a free subscription to daily investing guidance from our award winning analyst team. Get The Report Now Market Overview Free E-letters We offer a variety of FREE analysis delivered weekly to your inbox. Select the E-letters you wish to receive and enter your email below. Mind Over Markets (info) Your guide to understanding and profiting from the major trends, industry news and worldwide events that are driving the market and impacting your investments. Income Without Borders (info) Want to know about the high-yield global income stock I found this week? Of course you do! Find the income you've been looking for. The Energy Letter (info) Energy profits from safe to speculative: start your wealth-building portfolio now. Sign Up for these FREE E-Letters Free Reports 7 High Yield Stocks that Pay Dividends High Yields and Low Taxes: The Best Master Limited Partnerships to Own Now Best Undervalued Stocks to Buy Now Top 3 High Yield REITs Top Growth Stocks to Own Now Home | Events | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions About Us | White List | Contact Us | Media Inquiries Investing Daily is not a registered investment advisor or broker/dealer. All information provided on the Investing Daily network of websites is provided as-is and does not represent personalized investment advice. These sites do not constitute a representation by the publisher or a solicitation for the purchase or sale of securities. All opinions provided are based on sources believed to be reliable and are written in good faith, but no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, is made as to their accuracy. There are risks associated with any investment and we strongly encourage readers to supplement the information in these articles, special reports, and newsletters with independent research and other professional advice before investing in any security. Copyright © 2017 Investing Daily, a division of Capitol Information Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Mobile-Friendly Site
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Trending in Google Review: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is a rugged, affordable laptop for students [Video] Trending in Google These are the smart home products I’m using with Google Home Yesterday GOOG: 937.08 4.86 Android Cars at Google I/O 2017: Audi and Volvo bringing Android to infotainment systems Seth Weintraub - May. 15th 2017 7:53 am PT @llsethj Google I/O 2017 Self-Driving Car Android Auto Interior View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit At Google I/O this week, Audi and Volvo will show off infotainment systems in their cars built around the Android operating system. To be clear, these aren’t one of the 300 Android Auto compatible car models that have launched since 2014. These new infotainment systems have stand alone Android built-in which will allow your car to do things like run your favorite apps & services, and control vehicle functions like air conditioning, sunroof, windows, and more from Android on your dashboard. As you might expect, you’ll also be able to find the nearest restaurant with Google Maps, EV charger with Plugshare, listen to Spotify or NPR (or Google Play Music?!), or ask Google Assistant for help—even when you leave your phone or tablet behind. We had a brief look at the Android Car back at I/O 2016 (below) complete with its Tesla-like display, but today Google is announcing that systems based on Android are coming to market from both Volvo and Audi. As you can see from the gallery below, this isn’t just Android ported to a car display. It appears that Google has made an entirely new UI for the car. Interior Immediately, a couple of things come to mind: Will these infotainment systems be properly firewalled off from the drive systems so that Android malware/attacks aren’t allowed to take over your vehicle? Will Apple fans boycott these cars because of the built-in Android systems? An interesting detail that Google’s vice president of engineering for Android, Patrick Brady told Bloomberg was “that Apple’s CarPlay could run on top of cars with the embedded Android system.” Even if it’s technically possible, it may be unlikely for Apple to agree to implement CarPlay into Android based vehicles. Google won’t be receiving any revenue from car manufacturers as they bring Android to their infotainment systems, but it will allow the company to expand Google Assistant and stay a step ahead of Apple and Amazon in the vehicle industry for the time being. We’ll be on hand at Google I/O starting tomorrow night (covering car stuff with sister site Electrek), so stay tuned for the coverage. The session will be at Google I/O Wednesday and called Assisting the Driver: From Android Phones to Android Cars. You can reserve your seat here or watch the livestream at home.  Wed. May 17, 2PM – 3PM Stage 1 Content level: Intermediate Cars are rapidly transforming into connected, intelligent machines and provide a new opportunity for enabling a rich app ecosystem. However, cars still represent a challenging environment: driver distraction, varying screen sizes & shapes, different input mechanisms, local regulations, and much more. Android Auto enables developers to deliver seamless experiences that reach millions of drivers through the ever-increasing number of Android Auto compatible cars and the new standalone phone app. We’ve made great progress so far, but this is just the beginning for Android in cars with a lot more on the road ahead. In this session we’ll talk about recent developments, and an exciting preview of what’s ahead, as we integrate Android, the ecosystem, and the Google Assistant more deeply into cars. Press releases from Audi and Volvo Follow: Audi shows integrated Android operating system in Audi Q8 sport concept ● New, open system architecture for in-car infotainment ● Audi presents the Audi Q8 sport concept technology platform with a fully integrated HMI solution featuring Android at Google I/O developer conference ● The bundled know-how of the community can speed up the development of future in-car apps Ingolstadt/Mountain View, May 15, 2017 – 7,000 attendees on site, millions worldwide via the internet: Audi is taking part in the renowned Google I/O developer conference, where it is presenting its concept of a next generation infotainment system with fully integrated Android. This world premiere opens up new perspectives, which will allow the development of connectivity services to be greatly accelerated. The three-day Google I/O, which begins May 17 at Google’s headquarters in Mountain View, California, is considered as the largest and most important developer conference in the software industry worldwide. One of the exhibits features Android as a seamlessly integrated solution for in-car infotainment applications, which is being developed by the Android Open Source Community and its millions of members. The Audi Q8 sport concept technology platform, which Audi is presenting at Google I/O, already has Android on board. The new functions, including the streaming service Spotify, Google Play Music and Google Assistant all run on the large MMI touch display in the center of the dashboard. The information is also visible in the Audi virtual cockpit in the driver’s direct field of view. This marks the first time the new services have been fully integrated into Audi’s brandspecific infotainment system. While the navigation map continues to use the Audi-typical HERE database, the driver can also choose to navigate with Google Maps. A message center for incoming messages and calls round out the new services in the show car. The seamless integration of Android harbors tremendous potential. Android is the world’s most popular mobile platform with more than 1.4 billion active users worldwide. The open Android community’s immense breadth of expertise and creativity can speed up the development of new applications. New apps can quickly find their way into the cars as additional connected services, for example, if they fulfill the requirements of Google and Audi. The foundation for this is the Android platform. Other customer advantages alongside shorter update cycles include a significantly greater diversity of services as well as broad international availability. When people are able to pursue any activity they want in the car of the future, the integrated Android system will enable them to use the entire world of Smartphone apps in the car.   Volvo Cars partners with Google to build Android into next generation connected cars Volvo Cars, the premium carmaker, has announced a close partnership with Google, one of the world’s largest technology companies, to develop the next generation of its award-winning in-car infotainment and connectivity solution based on Android, offering access to a wide array of apps and services. It will launch on new Volvo models within two years. The partnership promises to revolutionise how Volvo customers engage and interact with their cars. The large catalogue of popular Android apps – developed by Google, Volvo, or third party app developers – will offer connected and predictive services in and around the car. “We are making an important strategic step with the Google partnership. Google’s platform and services will enhance the user experience by enabling more personalisation possibilities, while Android will offer increased flexibility from a development perspective,” said Henrik Green, Senior Vice President Research &amp; Development at Volvo Car Group. Volvo Cars’ partnership with Google reflects the ongoing convergence between the automotive and technology industries as cars become increasingly connected. Volvo believes smart partnerships are the future for the car industry. Using Android as the base operating system will increase speed and flexibility in the development and offer its customers the ability to personalize the connected in-car experience. “We’re thrilled to partner with Volvo to bring Android into their next generation connected cars,” said Patrick Brady, Vice President of Android Engineering at Google. “This partnership gives us the opportunity to deliver a more seamless experience to Volvo drivers through a full-featured infotainment platform and rich ecosystem of Android applications and Google services.” “With the advent of Android we will embrace a rich ecosystem while keeping our iconic Volvo user interface. We will offer hundreds of popular apps and the best integrated experience in this broad, connected environment,” said Henrik Green. Volvo is also collaborating with Google on another initiative to update recent Volvo models by adding Google Local Search, a location based service application. This will be released through an update to customers with Sensus Navigation. Further details on the partnership and Android OS will be announced at Google’s annual tech show, Google I/O on May 17. Seth Weintraub @llsethj Guides Self-Driving Car View THe Guide Android Auto View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / HELIOS Document Hub Presents Images in P3 Wide Color Gamut HELIOS Document Hub Presents Images in P3 Wide Color Gamut Posted on May 15, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. HELIOS Document Hub shares and syncs files to mobile devices. Document Hub now supports the wide color gamut displays in Apple iPhone and iPad Pro, to render optimized image and PDF previews. Hannover, Germany (PRWEB) May 15, 2017 HELIOS Software GmbH, a developer of cross-platform file sharing software, today released HELIOS Document Hub 2.1 for iOS, to take advantage of the wide color gamut (P3) displays of the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and the iPad Pro 9.7”. The P3 color space is the standard for the digital cinema industry, and is about 25% larger than the sRGB color space used for most web content. Document Hub recognizes when an iOS device supports the P3 color space, and presents color-matched image and PDF document previews. The result is that users get the most accurate color available on mobile devices. This is essential for editors, brand managers, and photographers, and for product presentations to customers. Everyone will appreciate the vivid lifelike images now possible. HELIOS Document Hub is a mobile app for iOS and Android that connects to the HELIOS WebShare “private cloud” web portal running on a company’s file server. With Document Hub, mobile users can securely browse and preview server files. Server files can quickly be found via the Spotlight search system, browsed in list mode, or via a gallery view with zoomable document previews. Documents can be downloaded to Document Hub for offline use, and opened in other applications. Photos and documents created or edited on the mobile device can be uploaded to the server. File synchronization copies specified server files and folders to Document Hub for offline use. “We were delighted when Apple introduced the wide gamut displays”, notes Helmut Tschemernjak, CEO of HELIOS. “This means that Document Hub can now present the most accurate color, which is essential for many customers.” Key benefits include:     iOS P3 color display support for iPads and iPhone     ICC color-matched zoomable previews of images and PDFs     Present documents and images     Quickly access server files via Spotlight search     Browse, preview, transfer files from/to intranet server volumes     Work offline with server documents     Automatic file synchronization brings remote devices up to date     Enterprise grade security – enforces intranet users and permissions Easy to try out, the updated Document Hub for iOS can be downloaded for free from the App Store. Search for “HELIOS Document Hub”. A pre-configured login allows test driving the application using a HELIOS test server. HELIOS WebShare and Document Hub are ideal for businesses of any size. Complete product details can be found on the website. Watch the HELIOS Document Hub videos for a quick overview, and an in-depth tour. Smart Ideas for Better Networking HELIOS UB64 Unbreakable Server Solutions deliver mission critical server solutions to enterprise, government, university, and prepress sites. The HELIOS Universal File Server UB64 software incorporates HELIOS EtherShare, PCShare, WebShare, Document Hub, and IT Monitor Server to provide integrated cross-platform networking for Mac, Windows, Web, and mobile clients, with advanced file and print server services, and easy remote server administration. HELIOS ImageServer, PDF HandShake and PrintPreview bring high efficiency and advanced capabilities to design, prepress and printing operations. HELIOS products run on powerful and scalable servers including Apple macOS, IBM AIX, Linux, Oracle Solaris, and Windows systems. HELIOS products provide reliable cross-platform support for Mac, Windows, Web, UNIX, and mobile clients. Distributors sell HELIOS products worldwide to value-added resellers who provide complete networking solutions to customers. HELIOS also works with many strategic partners that incorporate HELIOS server software to provide powerful third-party archive, asset management and workflow solutions. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14331969.htm Latest News Ghostscript® Receives U.S. Patent for Graphic Object Dependent Color Management Technology HELIOS Document Hub Presents Images in P3 Wide Color Gamut The Foundation for Global Sports Development Pledges $75K to Ready, Set, Gold! Annual Awareness Campaign from Food Allergy Research & Education Emphasizes Severity of Food Allergies: As Serious as a Heart Attack Kick-It to Join the Alex’s Lemonade Stand Foundation Family to Continue the Fight Against Childhood Cancer Rayeman Elements Announces the Sale of Their Second State-of- the-art DDG/Grain Drying System to Lincolnway Energy of Nevada, Iowa RallyPoint Welcomes Former iRobot President, Greg White, to Advisory Board World’s First Touchscreen for Consumer 3D Printing Surpasses Funding Goal on Kickstarter in Just 3 Hours Best Western® Hotels & Resorts Opens Spectacular Upscale Hotel in Malaysia’s Genting Highlands Kirusa Launches InstaVoice® Channels with Tigo in Rwanda © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Smart Glasses Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Smart Glasses Market 2017 Key Players are Apple, Google Glass, SONY and more Pune, India – May 15, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Global Smart Glasses market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Smart Glasses sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Apple Google Glass SONY Samsung Newmine Baidu Glassess Recon Lenovo ITheater Gonbes USAMS Osterhout Design Group Vuzix Corporation GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1282252-global-smart-glasses-sales-market-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into AR Smart Glasses VR Smart Glasses On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Smart Glasses for each application, including Medical Care Entertainment Other Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Smart Glasses for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan …. Table of Content: Key Points Global Smart Glasses Sales Market Report 2017 1 Smart Glasses Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Smart Glasses 1.2 Classification of Smart Glasses by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Smart Glasses Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Smart Glasses Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 AR Smart Glasses 1.2.4 VR Smart Glasses 1.3 Global Smart Glasses Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Smart Glasses Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Medical Care 1.3.3 Entertainment 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Smart Glasses Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Smart Glasses Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Korea Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Smart Glasses (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Smart Glasses Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Smart Glasses Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) … 9 Global Smart Glasses Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Apple 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Apple Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Google Glass 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Google Glass Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 SONY 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 SONY Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Samsung 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Samsung Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Newmine 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Newmine Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Baidu Glassess 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1282252-global-smart-glasses-sales-market-report-2017 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISEGUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +44 208 133 9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/smart-glasses-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2021/199652 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 199652 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Shuzzo.com Releases Selections For Best Boxing Shoes 2017 (Mon 15th May 17) Electrochromic Glass 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 12.31% and Forecast to 2021 (Mon 15th May 17) Glen Burnie Used Appliances Business Launched (Mon 15th May 17) Keller Texas Limo & Party Bus Business Launch Announced (Mon 15th May 17) Foretec Ph Announces Plans For Upcoming Marketing Promotion (Mon 15th May 17) Money Laundering Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast (Mon 15th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TERC Hosts 2017 STEM for All Video Showcase, Funded by NSF, to Highlight Innovation in STEM Education Next PostNext GraceKennedy Goes Live with OpsVeda Search Recent Posts Protecting Implantable Neurostimulation Devices Market Marketing Strategy Analysis with Chain and Sourcing Strategy upto 2022 Kieffer’s Appliances Celebrates 100 Years Prostrate Specific Antigen Testing Sales Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Wi-Fi Test Equipment Market | Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases April 2017 Monthly Production Report RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Excel 2016 cheat sheet Do IT certifications matter? Microsoft pulls plug on Win 10's debut version Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans, Computerworld | May 15, 2017 8:20 AM PT About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Opinion 7 ways Apple Watch is already in the enterprise Apple Watch is developing its own enterprise usage case Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 Expect more A.I. in Apple's iOS enterprise future UPDATED: Apple Watch can tell you when you’re going to get sick Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! Blink and you’ll miss it, but Apple has become the world’s biggest wearable devices company and its Apple Watch is already in use in a variety of different enterprise implementations, even before it becomes truly smart. Apple and the enterprise Apple has a great enterprise story to tell. Not only are a huge number of enterprises already using iOS devices, but IBM now claims it is three times more expensive to manage PCs than to manage Macs. And that’s even before you consider that if the UK’s NHS had deployed Macs rather than Windows XP, the recent ransomware attack that used NSA-developed tools would not have succeeded. “Wearables can provide major benefits for businesses, if deployed correctly,” said Chas Moloney, director of Ricoh UK told Silicon. While he sees the value of the Apple smartwatch as a health and wellness benefit, he sees wider implications, such as providing real time business insights in office-based environments. Enterprise opening up to Apple Watch So, what kind of usage do we already see of Apple Watch in the enterprise? Capital One: Apple recently revealed that Capital One is equipping staff with Macs and Apple Watches. The company now has “over 40” native iOS apps that run on its devices. These are focused on collaboration, customer and infosec deployments. (The company also provides applications that warn of problems with critical enterprise systems). SAP: The enterprise software company has developed a series of mobile apps that run on Apple Watch, including the SAP Work Manager app that lets medical device service technicians check the status of repairs on the go. AETNA: This company is one of many that now provides Apple Watch to employees as part of its corporate wellness program. In the UK, Vitality offers a health insurance deal in which customers pay lower premiums if they manage to maintain certain health goals. Good Technology: The company provides a highly secure calendar notifications system for Apple Watch within its highly connected Good Work collaboration suite. We’ve seen similar enterprise-focused solutions appear from Microsoft, Trello, Slack and others. Salesforce: That company’s Wave Analytics app provides sales reps and managers with up to the minute information regarding customer accounts. SITA: This giant air transport technology solutions provider may be better known for building ticketing machines and airports, but it recently tested an app that lets airport managers get instant flight updates and gate changes. IBM: Apple’s enterprise partner has built multiple solutions for Apple Watch. Aimed at law enforcement and public safety officials, Incident Awareprovide officers with important notifications, such as Emergency Medical Services requests and also offers backup requests. Another solution called Hospital RN provides medical staff with quick and easy contextual access to patient information. Apple’s own enterprise pages explain multiple examples of iPhone or iPad-based deployments that could logically also be extended to Apple Watch. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] Time machine Apple is building out its wearable technology offering. The company’s AirPods represent another slant on this form of ambient technology, and the sauce that ties these tools together will morph to combine Siri-based virtual assistants and smart data analytics in the form of AI and machine intelligence. Add a dose of augmented reality (AR) and it seems likely the future of the Apple Watch in the enterprise will become that of an electronic tool on your wrist. I can imagine a variety of interesting use cases here, including: A field technician arriving at a client’s location won’t need to be guided to machinery that needs fixing as the equipment will already have self-identified a problem, called for maintenance, and will guide the tech to itself using Apple Watch. The watch will also be able to speak a tech through any problems, and call up any relevant troubleshooting information on a mobile device. In the warehouse, employees will be enabled with real time information as new orders are made, and the state of preparedness of existing orders as automated devices collect them together for despatch. Sales teams may be provided with immediate insight into new prospects, goals, achievements and registered contact details. Medical staff already receive emergency alerts. Technologies also exist to ensure the most immediate available help is alerted in crisis. Patient treatments can be enhanced as real time data and patient statistics (such as allergies, existing medical conditions, and/or blood type) is made immediately available. Augmented humans Ultimately these connected wearables will become deeply connected to dark data analytics engines, empowering enterprise usage cases based on real time analysis of contextual events. Apple's recent Lattice Data acquisition proves the company sees value in extracting useful insights from less structured data stacks. When thinking of big data it’s important not to see it in terms of data extraction from one collection of information – the real power of analytics comes when you combine different stacks: weather and consumer behavior, for example. UK retailer, Tesco, already uses big data to make stocking decisions, such as making sure it has barbecue equipment on sale on the first good day of summer. Within this context it seems probable that some enterprises will look to use the Apple Watch as a tool with which to provide employees with real time data driven business insights to help improve outcomes and productivity. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story?Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Wearables Apple Apple Watch Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Security Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 15th, 2017 at 10:09 AM Share Tweet The proliferation of the WannaCry ransomware last week unequivocally justifies Apple’s steadfast refusal to help the FBI break into an iPhone 5c used by one of the San Bernardino terrorists. As a quick refresher, the FBI last year wanted Apple engineers to create a brand new version of iOS that would allow them to skirt around iOS security measures. As a precaution, a security setting in iOS wipes a device clean after 10 erroneous passcode entry attempts. The FBI, as a result, tried to force Apple to release a specialized version of iOS that would not include this security limitation. Don't Miss: 5 different Bose wireless speakers and a pair of over-ear headphones are all on sale right now Apple abhorred the very idea from the get-go, with Tim Cook going so far as to say that the FBI wanted Apple to create something that it viewed as “the software equivalent of cancer.” From Apple’s vantage point, creating software capable of circumventing important iOS security mechanisms was a monumental risk as there is no way to guarantee that the customized software wouldn’t eventually fall into the wrong hands. So while Cook’s cancer analogy might have struck some as being extreme, the WannaCry ransomware saga last week proves that once a piece of malicious software is created, it’s impossible to keep it out of the hands of malicious actors. According to reports, the WannaCry ransomware — which infected more than 200,000 computers across 150 different countries in less than 24 hours — was based on an NSA exploit released by a hacking collective known as the Shadow Brokers. In fact, WannaCry began infecting computers worldwide just about 4 weeks after the Shadow Brokers released a treasure trove of NSA hacking tools and exploits for anyone in the world to explore and use. The Intercept adds: Today shows exactly what’s at stake when government hackers can’t keep their virtual weapons locked up. As security researcher Matthew Hickey, who tracked the leaked NSA tools last month, put it, “I am actually surprised that a weaponized malware of this nature didn’t spread sooner.” So while former FBI director James Comey promised Apple that they would be able to keep a customized version of iOS from falling into the wrong hands, there’s really no way for anyone to make such a promise with 100% certainty. If it’s possible for top-secret NSA exploits to eventually see the light of day, it’s also possible for the FBI’s own arsenal of hacking tools to eventually fall into the wrong hands. In light of the WannaCry attack, Tim Cook’s words during an interview with ABC last year ring truer than ever before: “If we knew a way to do this without exposing hundreds of millions of other people’s issues we would obviously do it. We need to stand tall and stand tall on principle. There’s probably more information about you on your phone than there is in your house… they’re also loaded with the location of our kids in many cases, and so it’s not just about privacy but it’s also about public safety.” And speaking of public safety, one of the reasons why the WannaCry malware first started generating headlines was because it began infecting scores of computers at a number of hospitals all across the UK. Incidentally, Microsoft on Sunday issued a statement blasting government agencies for hoarding dangerous exploits. The entire piece is worth a read, but one of the most pertinent excerpts reads: Finally, this attack provides yet another example of why the stockpiling of vulnerabilities by governments is such a problem. This is an emerging pattern in 2017. We have seen vulnerabilities stored by the CIA show up on WikiLeaks, and now this vulnerability stolen from the NSA has affected customers around the world. Repeatedly, exploits in the hands of governments have leaked into the public domain and caused widespread damage. An equivalent scenario with conventional weapons would be the U.S. military having some of its Tomahawk missiles stolen. And this most recent attack represents a completely unintended but disconcerting link between the two most serious forms of cybersecurity threats in the world today – nation-state action and organized criminal action. The full statement, penned by Microsoft Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith, can be viewed over here. Tags: Apple, cybersecurity, Ransomware View Comments Trending 1 Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead 2 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 3 Tech Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack 4 Business Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil 5 Tech New iPhone 8 concept video shows off a remarkable edgeless OLED display Picked For You New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead By Chris Smith 12 hours ago Watch Melissa McCarthy’s most hilarious Sean Spicer bit yet from SNL By Chris Smith 17 hours ago Introducing the most absurd virtual reality headset of them all By Mike Wehner 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple's Secretive Research Could Help Diabetes Patients Apple is reportedly working on incorporating blood glucose sensors into its consumer electronics devices. Motley Fool Staff May 15, 2017 at 11:22AM Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple Watch is a bit of a niche product right now, but if Apple can figure out a way to use it to help diabetes patients track their blood-sugar levels, then it could become a must-own device for tens of millions of people in the U.S. alone. In this clip from The Motley Fool's Industry Focus: Healthcare podcast, analyst Kristine Harjes is joined by contributor Todd Campbell to discuss a secretive program at Apple that's developing healthcare sensors for its devices. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 10, 2017. Kristine Harjes: Let's turn to a company that I don't think we've mentioned yet on the show but is working in the space, and that's Apple. Todd Campbell: Apple is obviously on the cutting edge when it comes to developing easy-to-use consumer electronics that resonate with people. That's the whole thing, the whole experience. So we were talking before the break, being able to figure out, we want to marry healthcare outcomes with technology with the information we've collected -- how do we do that in a way that really resonates with consumers? And one of the ways that Apple is trying to do that is through its Apple Watch. Harjes: Right. The Apple Watch is a really interesting product, but right now it's kind of a luxury product. And I think if they're able to find a way to make it a must-have for diabetics, that's going to be a game-changer for this product. Campbell: You have apps that tie into both your Apple phone, your Watch. Some of those are healthcare related. You have access to things like heart rate through these devices, being able to track those things. But wouldn't it be great, Kristine, if you could be wearing your Apple Watch and, at the same time that you're wearing it, it's measuring your blood glucose level? Harjes: Absolutely, yeah. One of the big step changes with this project -- which, by the way, Apple is working on this. Despite Apple being shrouded in secrecy about what's next sometimes, a very credible journalist from CNBC reports that they are working in this area. So the step change that I see in this project is that they're looking at a non-invasive continuous glucose monitor sensor. When you talk about reading your glucose levels, it always involves some sort of prick to the finger, or something that is invasive to the body, What they're trying to do is figure out how the Apple Watch could incorporate an optical sensor to read glucose levels just by shining light through the skin, and integrating that with the data that you have on your Apple Watch. Campbell: Which is pretty amazing. I guess the question would be, will that be shining continuously and measuring it continuously? Or will that only be shining at specific intervals? And how often will those intervals be? And that's going to create all sorts of design problems, because you're going to have to figure out, how do you make the battery lights last long enough to be able to do that, potentially? Harjes: What happens when you're charging? Campbell: Yeah. If we go back in time for a second, we've already made huge advances in doing this, as far as, you have companies like Medtronic that now have an artificial pancreas where you have continuous glucose monitoring occurring from a small sensor that is inserted underneath the skin, that you wear in a pump that's delivering blood glucose on demand as it needs to. You have other companies like Dexcom that are out there that are making huge advances in sensor technology, that are providing real-time, truly continuous readings that people are able to use to chart up and down their blood glucose levels to help them better figure out when they might be crashing, when they might need insulin or not need insulin, or whatever. So Apple, I think you're right, it's a fascinating concept to be able to just use light, and be able to evaluate blood glucose. But it's not as simple as just saying, "Yeah, we're going to do this." I suppose that's why they haven't rolled it out yet, and why they're being so secretive. Supposedly, they're in the initial test phases of this to try to see whether or not this makes sense. They went out a couple years ago and bought a company that was working on sensors for healthcare to try and give them a little bit more experience in that area. It's hard for me to imagine, honestly, Kristine, that we get, 10, 20 years from now, and it's almost like going to be like we're having our doctor with us on demand. We're going to have so much information, so much data, that we're going to be able to collect just from the clothes we're wearing -- you can buy compression shirts and sleeves now that do a lot of these evaluations, too. They're looking at various different disease indications, being able to measure levels of certain proteins in your sweat to be able to see how your kidneys are performing, all sorts of interesting things that theoretically we could discover and be able to track over the course of the next 10 or 20 years. I think what Apple is saying is, "We want to make sure we don't get left behind in that movement." Kristine Harjes owns shares of Apple. Todd Campbell owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of Medtronic. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info May 15, 2017 at 11:22AM Health Care Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Read More Apple iPhone Calling Big Pharma: We Can Help You Develop Better Drugs 3 Incredible Ways Technology Can Help Treat Parkinson’s Disease How Apple and Google Technology Can Help Fight Alzheimer's Disease Alphabet and Apple: 2 of the Best Healthcare Stocks on the Market? Could Pfizer Face An Apple-Like Tax Surprise in the EU? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple's Secretive Research Could Help Diabetes Patients @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold | Main | Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan » May 15, 2017 Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches   Within the last year Apple patent filings have covered a selfie camera for their Apple Watch (graphic below) and a secondary display built into the band. Is it any surprise then that a new Samsung's patent for similar features has just surfaced? No – as Apple and Samsung are always on a war footing trying to outdo the other. On one hand I'd like to laugh at the Samsung idea of a zoom camera lens designed to protrude through the display while on the other hand I'd be amazed if they could actually pull it off. The lens cover would appear to be a part of the display until a photo is taken using the zoom lens which would push outward. I still can't wrap my head around the idea being that a digital zoom would suffice. But only time will tell which route Samsung takes.   For now, both Apple and Samsung are racing to introduce a camera and a band display into their respective smartwatches. With Apple leading the smartwatch market globally and Samsung far behind, Samsung has to take more chances if they hope to catch up with the Apple Watch. Though with consumer's obsessed with taking selfies, it's likely to be a feature both want to bring to market sooner rather than later. This may end up being the feature of the year.   In a nutshell, Samsung describes their patent this way: "A wearable device and a control method are provided. The wearable device includes a display configured to display time information, a camera configured to photograph an image, a sensor configured to sense a user's motion, and a processor configured to analyze the user's motion based on a sensing value sensed by the sensor and to perform an image photographing if the user's motion satisfies an image photographing condition, thereby enabling the user to perform image photographing easily using the wearable device."   Of course there's a little more to the patent than their patent abstract. For instance, the camera will offer zoom capabilities as noted in patent FIG. 11 below.   Samsung further notes that "in the case where the type of lens #430 is formed in the central region #440 of the display #110 is a barrel lens, the lens may protrude externally and perform a zoom-in/zoom-out operation. That is, the lens may protrude externally or be inserted into the body #410 based on a manipulating direction of the bezel manipulator 161 and the jog dial #163.   Specifically, if at least one manipulating direction of the bezel manipulator and the jog dial is a first direction, the lens performs a zoom-in operation of protruding externally. Meanwhile, if the at least one manipulating direction of the bezel manipulator and the jog dial is in a second direction that is opposite to the first direction, the lens that had been protruding externally performs a zoom-out operation of being inserted into the body.   To learn more about Samsung's patent covering a smart band and smartwatch camera, check out Patently Mobile's full report here.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Posting Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 15, 2017 at 09:39 AM in Non-Apple - Patent Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart Here's what makes Wal-Mart unique. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 15, 2017 at 12:00PM Every company has a chart that defines it. The chart for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), for instance, would show iPhone sales -- their trend or the evolving share of revenue they account for. After all, the iPhone has made Apple the most valuable company in the world. That's what a defining chart is. It reflects the core or unique quality that's most responsible for a company's success. Few are more striking than Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) defining chart. It compares the annual revenue of Wal-Mart to other large companies -- say, those on the S&P 500, which tracks the leading companies in the United States. Data source: YCharts.com. Chart by author. Despite the enormous size of these other companies, most of which have higher market caps than Wal-Mart, their annual revenues pale in comparison to the Arkansas-based retailer's. Wal-Mart's revenue over the last 12 months adds up to $486 billion. That's more than twice Apple's total revenue -- which, not to belabor the point, is the most valuable company in America. It's this stark contrast between sales and value that reflects Wal-Mart's core business model: Selling lots of stuff at everyday low prices. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 15, 2017 at 12:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.29 up $0.58 (0.77%) Read More Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell 3 Dividend Aristocrats Worth a Closer Look Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $WMT
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Smart Glasses Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Smart Glasses Market 2017 Key Players are Apple, Google Glass, SONY and more Pune, India - May 15, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global Smart Glasses market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Smart Glasses sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Apple Google Glass SONY Samsung Newmine Baidu Glassess Recon Lenovo ITheater Gonbes USAMS Osterhout Design Group Vuzix Corporation GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1282252-global-smart-glasses-sales-market-report-2017 On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into AR Smart Glasses VR Smart Glasses On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Smart Glasses for each application, including Medical Care Entertainment Other Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Smart Glasses for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan .... Table of Content: Key Points Global Smart Glasses Sales Market Report 2017 1 Smart Glasses Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Smart Glasses 1.2 Classification of Smart Glasses by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Smart Glasses Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Smart Glasses Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 AR Smart Glasses 1.2.4 VR Smart Glasses 1.3 Global Smart Glasses Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Smart Glasses Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Medical Care 1.3.3 Entertainment 1.3.4 Other 1.4 Global Smart Glasses Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Smart Glasses Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Korea Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Smart Glasses Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Smart Glasses (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Smart Glasses Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Smart Glasses Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) ... 9 Global Smart Glasses Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Apple 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Apple Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Google Glass 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Google Glass Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 SONY 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 SONY Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Samsung 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Samsung Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Newmine 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Newmine Smart Glasses Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 Baidu Glassess 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Smart Glasses Product Category, Application and Specification ...Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1282252-global-smart-glasses-sales-market-report-2017 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Organization: WISEGUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Pune - 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +44 208 133 9349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/smart-glasses-market-2017-global-analysis-opportunities-and-forecast-to-2021/199652 For more information, please visit http://www.wiseguyreports.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 199652 Recent Press Releases By The Same User EscrowTech Announces Synchronized Software Escrows with GitHub Repositories (Tue 16th May 17) Perth Reticulation Experts Announces Garden Reticulation Solutions (Tue 16th May 17) AttaCoin Launches Leadership Quotes Decoded Website Focusing on World Leaders (Tue 16th May 17) Galmira Launches New Customized Jewelery Selection (Tue 16th May 17) Bonsai Online Limited Launches New Bonsai Tree Sales Website (Tue 16th May 17) Healthy Choice Chem-Dry Announces Partnership With Best Friends Animal Society (Tue 16th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Google Assistant reportedly coming to iOS… Philips adds new Hue White Ambiance bulbs,… Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications… Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company… Analyst predicts new 10.5” iPad Pro… Legend of Zelda game coming to iOS REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… Advanced Evo X & M4 FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… X-Doria Defense Lux Wood Line for iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch Avoiding lens switching when shooting video… Plugging your iPhone in silently DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… Daily Deal: iMazing 2 Universal License Daily Deal: Throttle Pro, Lifetime Subscription Daily Deal: Just Mobile Xtand Car Vent Mount… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data By Dan Pye ● 17 hours ago Apple has acquired “dark data” company Lattice Data for around $200 million, TechCrunch reports. Founded in 2015, the company has produced its own AI-enabled inference engine to convert unstructured “dark data” into more structured and usable information. A source claims Apple closed the deal a couple of weeks ago, adding around 20 of the company’s engineers to its ranks. Apple confirmed the acquisition with its usual blanket statement, but gave no indication of how the technology would be used. The company has boosted its research into AI, with CEO Tim Cook sharing his hopes that the technology will transform the way people use their phones “in ways that most people don’t even think about.” The company recently joined the Partnership on AI and began allowing employees to publish their AI research. Comments « Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications in Apple’s Corning investment Analyst predicts new 10.5” iPad Pro will be revealed at WWDC » Related Stories Apple publishes ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ tutorial series Report: Apple to announce Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC Apple Music opens Giphy channel Apple reportedly debuting Apple Store updates May 17 Apple restores Workflow features, adds Apple Music actions Apple posts new web page emphasizing U.S. job creation Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Google Assistant reportedly coming to iOS soon Philips adds new Hue White Ambiance bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications in Apple’s Corning investment Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data Analyst predicts new 10.5” iPad Pro will be revealed at WWDC Legend of Zelda game coming to iOS Apple publishes ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ tutorial series Report: Apple to announce Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC New ResearchKit study reveals Apple Watch to be 97% accurate in detecting abnormal heart rhythms Twitter and NFL to stream year-round live daily programming worldwide Recent Reviews Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications in Apple’s Corning investment | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Google Assistant reportedly coming to iOS… Philips adds new Hue White Ambiance bulbs,… Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications… Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company… Analyst predicts new 10.5” iPad Pro… Legend of Zelda game coming to iOS REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… Advanced Evo X & M4 FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… X-Doria Defense Lux Wood Line for iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch Avoiding lens switching when shooting video… Plugging your iPhone in silently DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… Daily Deal: iMazing 2 Universal License Daily Deal: Throttle Pro, Lifetime Subscription Daily Deal: Just Mobile Xtand Car Vent Mount… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications in Apple’s Corning investment By Dan Pye ● 16 hours ago Apple has invested $200 million in Corning’s “revolutionary glass production methods,” sparking speculation that new glass breakthroughs could aid in the development of new features in future Apple devices, CNBC reports. Apple has been dealing with Corning for a decade—ever since the first iPhone—and Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz thinks the new investment backs up previous reports that Apple’s new generation of iPhones will use glass or ceramics to facilitate wireless charging. “Metal can interfere with wireless charging technology,” Uerkwitz said. “That means you need glass on the back of the phone, but glass that won’t break. Or you need to use ceramics. Corning has a long history of investing in both glass and ceramics.” Other analysts see the potential for augmented reality applications with the new materials. Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights said to create its rumored augmented reality glasses, Apple will “need specialized glass in the headset, glass that properly magnifies the 180-degree experience of AR. Also, that glass has to be really light. Corning could develop that for Apple.” The terms of Apple’s investment in Corning as part of the company’s $1 billion Advanced Manufacturing Fund initiative are unclear, but Moorhead thinks it’s possible Apple could demand exclusive rights to an intellectual property that stems from research funded by the investment. Comments “Metal can interfere with wireless charging technology,” Uerkwitz said. “That means you need glass on the back of the phone, but glass that won’t break." Yes and its called metallic glass and its not made by Corning. Posted by JRS5 on 2017-05-15 18:52:42 « Philips adds new Hue White Ambiance bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data » Related Stories Apple publishes ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ tutorial series Leaked photo allegedly shows new glass-backed iPhone SE model Senator reveals FBI paid $900K to hack San Bernardino iPhone Component suppliers deny delays in iPhone 8 production; analysts predict edge-to-edge screen Deutsche Bank suggests iPhone 8 might not launch until next year Apple to make online sales debut in India with locally produced iPhone SE Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Google Assistant reportedly coming to iOS soon Philips adds new Hue White Ambiance bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications in Apple’s Corning investment Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data Analyst predicts new 10.5” iPad Pro will be revealed at WWDC Legend of Zelda game coming to iOS Apple publishes ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ tutorial series Report: Apple to announce Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC New ResearchKit study reveals Apple Watch to be 97% accurate in detecting abnormal heart rhythms Twitter and NFL to stream year-round live daily programming worldwide Recent Reviews Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple to unveil redesigned iPad next month alongside Beats Siri speaker in attempt to boost flagging tablet sales Set to unveil two new products at the World Developers Conference in June A 10.5in iPad Pro and a Siri-powered smart speaker will be debuted iPad Pro will have same chassis size of the 9.7in model, but boast a larger screen Apple hopes redesign will boost flagging global tablet sales  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 11:57 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 13:44 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 28 shares 9 View comments Apple is set to release a 10.5-inch iPad Pro at its highly anticipated World Developers Conference in June. The device is expected to resemble the 9.7-in model, but will boast a larger screen on the same chassis size with narrower bezels, and comes amid falling global tablet sales. The tech giant has also been said to unveil its weapon to take on Amazon at the event – a Siri-powered smart speaker. Scroll down for video  Apple is set to release a 10.5-inch iPad Pro (stock) at its highly anticipated World Developers Conference in June. The device is expected to resemble the 9.7-in model, but will boast a larger screen on the same chassis size with narrower bezels Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference is set to kick off on June 5 and last until June 9, which the firm uses to showcase new software and technologies for developers. And Apple usually has a few surprises in stored for attendees and viewers. KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo shared the last predictions with 9to5Mac, in which he said there is more than 50 percent chance the smart speaker will be unveiled at the conference and more than 70 percent chance the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro will also make an appearance. Kuo described the iPad as 'an all-new design', as it will have the same chassis size as the 9.7-inch model, but will boast a larger screen. It is believed that the device will mirror the design of Apple's upcoming iPhone 8. And Kuo speculates that Apple will ship about six million 10.5-inch iPad Pros this year. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Uber's self driving car setback as Judge bans executive... Why nobody will own a car in 2030: Self-driving, electric... Apple's watch really can save your life: Study finds its... The iPhone 8 will cost OVER $1000: Analyst claims highest... Share this article Share 28 shares TUMBLING TABLET MARKETS  The fourth quarter of 2016 (4Q16) marked the ninth consecutive quarter that tablet shipments have declined. According to data from IDC. Vendors shipped 52.9 million tablets in the fourth quarter, which was a decline of 20.1% from the same quarter one year ago.  Similarly, shipments of 174.8 million units for the full year 2016 were down 15.6% compared to 2015, marking the second straight year of declining shipments. iCharts 'The sentiment around the tablet market continues to grow stale despite a lot of talk about vendors pivoting their product portfolios toward the detachable segment,' said Ryan Reith, program vice president with IDC's Worldwide Quarterly Mobile Device Trackers.  'Typical tablets without a dedicated keyboard, which IDC refers to as slate tablets, are continuing to lose relevancy across all regions and, as a result, we see the decline happening globally.  We do see future growth in some emerging markets like the Middle East & Africa as well as Central & Eastern Europe with the sole catalysts being simplicity and low cost. Unfortunately for the industry these are the devices that don't equate to large revenues.'    But what has many iOS fans sitting on the edge of the seats is the possibility of a Siri Speaker. Rumors regarding the a smart speaker hit the web in September 2016, when news spread that the device had left the research and development lab and was being tested as a prototype. Although this technology would put the iPhone maker in the same game as Amazon and Google, who is developing Google Home, Apple envisions it a little different - it would augment its smartphones. APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed that Apple is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker that will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. Adding Airplay support to the device would let users push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth.   Rumors regarding the a smart speaker hit the web in September 2016, when news spread that the device had left the research and development lab and was being tested as a prototype He also revealed details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has also revealed that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show. Apple is attempting to differentiate itself from the other firms with more advanced microphone and speaker technology, two people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg in September. And some of the technology in the prototype includes facial recognition sensors, another said.  The public did not hear about the device again until April when Sonny Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, revealed that the Cupertino company was 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker and noted that it will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. The public did not hear about the device again until April when Sonny Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, revealed that the Cupertino company was 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker and noted that it will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'  Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world. It could also 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. The device could also be designed with capacitive buttons or a touch screen  Not only did he mention that the device is near completion, but he also shared details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' And earlier this month, Kuo said that the Apple will unveil the Siri speaker at WWDC. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Appl'e AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 for the Echo Dot.  Kuo has also noted that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show.     Read more: KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software | 9to5Mac Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 28 shares Most watched News videos Daring shirtless man steals police vehicle in Houston Golfers watch on as huge alligator chows down on fish A man accused of theft is shot by police live on television Angry woman goes on racist tirade against couple fishing in her area Curious bear gets scared off by doll when trying to open trashcan Passenger has pizza delivered to stalled Amtrak train How satisfied do you feel after watching silicone being rolled? Heartwarming mother-daughter pit bull reunion at ASPCA First Marine Corps recruitment ad with female fighters Shocking video of busy road almost set ABLAZE by lightning strike The moment a bully picks the wrong fight and gets body slammed Flames engulf synagogue in New York's Lower East Side World War Two speed boats! Incredible photographs show... Not bombing Syria' required 'the most political courage'... Hong Kong rejects asylum for seven refugees who sheltered... Mexican businessman and his friends laugh as they SHOOT... It's ssssstuck! Python trying to swallow a goat whole... Crust in time! Committed pizza boy leaps over streams and... The Scare Bear! Grizzly about to rummage through the... Bizarre moment a shirtless man accused of attempting to... Coke adds life! Man, 97, celebrates 80 years of working... 'Every drop of blood spilled by our heroes in blue is a... Chelsea Manning will continue to receive health care and... Police officer spends $139 on groceries for teenage mom,... The only person arrested after a horrific 70-man brawl... Supreme Court sides with cop who handcuffed a boy, 13,... 'We shouldn't go around in a blind stupor': Bill Clinton... Trump's chief of staff lays down the law after White... 'It's like the US military having Tomohawk missiles... Could Trump nominate Merrick Garland to be the new FBI... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 9 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that Campi Flegrei is at a 'critical stage' in the build... From the laws of mathematics to human consciousness: Expert explains why he thinks God DOES exist The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom: New BBC documentary reveals the moment an asteroid... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth The 'winged serpent' found in an ancient sinkhole: Fossil is new species of snake that lived 5 million years... Why you can't blame alcohol for bad behaviour: It DOESN'T alter personality - it just makes you more... Tractor beams, acoustic holograms and phones you never need to touch: Experts reveal the five ultrasound... SpaceX blasts off with record-breaking satellite payload in first launch for Inmarsat Mining the moon could give us enough rocket fuel to get to Mars, student project discovers Pentagon plans to use AI to defeat ISIS: Project Maven set to analyse drone footage Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe Can YOU tell which table is bigger? Optical illusion plays tricks with our depth perception Plastic Island: A hermit crab living in a make-up pot. A turtle strangled by discarded cord. It’s miles from... MORE HEADLINES Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that Campi Flegrei is at a 'critical stage' in the build up to a devastating eruption The 'giant lava lamp' inside the Earth that might FLIP the planet's magnetic field From the laws of mathematics to human consciousness: Expert explains why he thinks God DOES exist Are you ready for the 'Great American Eclipse?' How to prepare for the incredible phenomenon that will darken the country from Oregon to South Carolina in just 100 days What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth Plastic Island: A hermit crab living in a make-up pot. A turtle strangled by discarded cord. It’s miles from civilisation but this deserted atoll’s STILL chocked with 37million piece of our rubbish  Say goodbye to the MP3: Format is officially 'killed off' after founders terminate its licensing programme Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites The elegant song and dance that keeps Earth-like planets in the Trappist 1 system from destroying each other 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life Why nobody will own a car in 2030: Self-driving, electric ride-shares will spell the end for traditional automobiles Meet Skydrive: Toyota backs Japanese flying CAR that could take to the skies next year Can YOU tell which table is bigger? Optical illusion plays tricks with our depth perception Apple to unveil redesigned iPad next month alongside Beats Siri speaker in attempt to boost flagging tablet sales MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Ditch the red dress! Wearing the colour DOESN'T make you look sexier, claim scientists 106 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Security News FTC cracks down on tech support scams FTC cracks down on tech support scams Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Nicole Kobie News 15 May, 2017 Operation Tech Trap targets long-running support scams American authorities are cracking down on fake tech support scams that fool users into believing their computers are infected and charge them for the unnecessary solution, taking legal action against four more companies and their subsidiaries.  "Operation Tech Trap" has the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) working with local and international authorities - as well as Apple and Microsoft - to prevent such scams and take action against the criminals profiting from them.  Such tech support scams have been running for years, tricking less tech savvy users into paying out for unnecessary repairs and antivirus. Sometimes the scammers cold call victims, other cases see online advertising used to show fake warnings.  Most of the Operation Tech Trap targets followed a similar pattern that will be familiar to many hit by such scams over the years. They show advertisments designed to look like pop-up alerts from Microsoft or Apple, warning that their computers are infected and offering support via a telephone number. " Some of the pop-up ads even included a countdown clock, allegedly representing the time remaining before the computer hard drive would be deleted," the FTC noted.  Call the number, and the person on the other end will outright claim or suggest to be affiliated with Microsoft or Apple, and ask for remote access to the computer to run fake diagnostic tests, which the FTC noted "inevitably revealed the existence of grave problems requiring immediate repair by one of their 'certified technicians'." That would cost hundreds of dollars, and the FTC said such tactics have been used to scam consumers out of millions of dollars in the US alone.  "Tech support scams prey on consumers’ legitimate concerns about malware, viruses and other cyber threats," said Tom Pahl, Acting Director of the FTC’s Bureau of Consumer Protection. In earlier efforts to crack down on such support scams, the FTC has filed four complailnts against support companies using such tactics in Ohio, Alabama, Florida, and Colorado. "In three of the cases, the FTC has already obtained temporary restraining orders (TROs) to halt the practices, freeze assets, and appoint a temporary receiver to take control of the businesses," the FTC said.  The FTC has also said it reached settlements with two others. Seven people have been charged, with two pleading guilty already, and the FTC is working with authorities in India to crack down on such support scams operating there.  Main image: Bigstock See related  Email scam robs two major tech companies of $100 million Google Docs users hit by phishing attack Read more about Security Public Sector FTC scam Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Security No-one is blameless when it comes to the NHS WannaCry hack Opinion NHS ransomware: Labour says NHS is 'wide open' to cyber attacks News Why SMBs need a good disaster recovery plan in place Opinion Why can’t software firms sort their own security? In-depth Officials say Russia may use Kaspersky to spy on Americans News See all Popular Raspberry Pi: Top 23 projects to try yourself Mobile Raspberry Pi 4: Google announces partnership with Raspberry Pi Foundation Desktop Hardware Windows vs Linux: what's the best operating system? Operating Systems The complete guide to Samsung Pay in the UK Strategy Don't like Windows 10? Here's how to uninstall it Operating Systems Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Alphr Know Your Mobile Expert Reviews Channel Pro Cloud Pro © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple could unveil a new 10.5-inch iPad next month Listen | Print By James Walker     15 hours ago in Technology Apple could reveal a new larger iPad device at its WWDC developers conference in San Jose next month. A respected analyst has claimed a 10.5-inch iPad Pro is on the way which will use slim bezels to have a similar footprint to smaller models. The information comes from well-regarded KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. In a "2017 WWDC Highlights" report obtained by MacRumors, Kuo said there's a "greater than 70 percent chance" of a 10.5-inch iPad making its way to the stage. The long-rumoured model will sit between the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch variants of the Pro. Physically, its size won't be much larger than the 9.7-inch model because Apple will include space-saving slimline bezels. The narrow display surround will lead to a marginal increase in overall chassis size, even though the visible screen area is substantially larger. The 10.5-inch iPad was previously expected to launch at Apple's hardware event in March. It failed to make an appearance as Apple instead revealed a different standalone device. The "iPad" replaced the iPad Air 2, dropping the "Air" moniker and simplifying the line's branding. It's a 9.7-inch device which lacks all the professional-oriented features of the Pro. It's possible Apple debuted this device first to highlight its revised iPad naming scheme. The unlabelled iPad is intended for casual buyers who are unlikely to user their tablet for work. The Pro is an option for more demanding customers, a statement its larger 10.5-inch display size will affirm. By introducing its refreshed Pro line-up after the namesake product, Apple could be intending to increase familiarity with the new structure. Kuo believes the 10.5-inch Pro will launch at WWDC because Apple has planned a production ramp up for the end of the current quarter. This signals a device unveiling is imminent, requiring increased manufacturing capacity to get units into stores more quickly. Alongside the 10.5-inch Pro, Kuo also expects to see an upgraded 12.9-inch "Pro 2" added to the range. The other headline hardware product likely to arrive at WWDC is Apple's awaited Amazon Echo rival. Development of the company's Siri-powered speaker is said to be nearing completion, making an unveiling at WWDC probable. Kuo has doubts though, giving it a "greater than 50 percent chance" of an appearance. The device could be shown off ahead of a launch later in the year, giving developers time to add compatibility to their apps. The speaker is said to look similar to the Google Home and target the same areas of functionality as the Home and Amazon Echo. Apple is working on four core fundamental capabilities: Siri integration, proactive assistance, speech recognition and web searches. If it makes it to the event, the smart speaker could be the headline announcement of this year's WWDC. It will give Apple a credible presence in one of the fastest-growing areas of tech and add a new kind of hardware to its line-up. Analysts are understandably excited about the potential as "all-new" Apple launches tend to be few and far between. WWDC will be taking place from June 5 to June 9. Livestreams are usually offered using the Safari browser on Mac devices and Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. More about Apple, iPad, ipad pro, Tablets, Devices   Apple iPad ipad pro Tablets Devices Wwdc wwdc 2017 Latest News Top News Pacquiao-Horn fight headed for complete sellout at Suncorp Arena If asteroid hit was 30 seconds off, dinosaurs might still be here Saving Pakistan's lost city of Mohenjo Daro Taylor Momsen discusses new radio single 'Back to the River' Special China pledges $124 billion for new 'Silk Road' trade initiative Plastic trash chokes remote South Pacific island A hands-on look at the Samsung Galaxy S8+ Police officer accidentally overdoses after drug arrest in Ohio Turkey brings back Ottoman sports to revive past glory Review: Zac Brown Band performs at iHeartRadio Theater in New York City Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go TechNow Games Tech HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Home»Tech Now»Tech Apple rumoured to unveil new iPad at WWDC Monday, May 15, 2017 Apple may unveil the company's new 10.5-inch iPad Pro plus a new Siri Speaker at the upcoming WWDC conference next month. A new report from respected KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via 9to5Mac) states that Apple could unveil a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro at next month's Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, which takes place on June 5-9 in San Jose, California. The new 10.5-inch iPad Pro is rumoured to feature slimmer bezels than its predecessor, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and is expected to go into production during late Q2. In addition to the new iPad Pro, Apple may also unveil the Siri Speaker, a new smart speaker device with premium audio quality and a design and functionality similar to that of the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Powered by ClickOnline.com READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section iPhone 8 to feature 3D front camera? Google Allo adds selfie sticker feature HTC 11 teases 360 real-life recording Apple adds iPhone 7 camera guide Breaking Stories New research at NUI Galway to help streamline breast cancer treatments Amnesty report huge rise in number of human rights activists killed in 2016 Vast majority of rents out of reach of those on housing benefit, study finds Cabinet to be briefed on phone tapping and sign off on root and branch review of Gardaí Lifestyle Guy Ritchie standing by new King Arthur film Grooming goes mainstream for Irish men Making Cents: Make use of energy grants to improve house Steve Wickham is still getting a buzz from his music More From The Irish Examiner QUIZ: Test your general knowledge in 20 questions! Author asks followers about good deeds that backfired and we can't stop laughing Fancy bringing your dog out for a few pints? You can in Cork! A man was arrested for drink-driving after his car reported his crash to the police WATCH: We all went to school with one of these. . . Did you know you could kayak through this Donegal Island? Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Nintendo to bring Zelda to smartphones Apple rumoured to unveil new iPad at WWDC Lotto Results Saturday, May 13, 2017 4 16 33 39 43 47 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Cork public asked to report sightings of rat-like coypu Gardaí seek help tracing missing Cork woman Cyclist killed in Cork collision named Paris Jackson defends decision to pose topless as 'beautiful thing' Ireland’s next property crash will happen in seven years State spends €11m caring for just 11 children Pádraic Maher: Cork are a bit like us in 2009 People are seriously done with Fair City’s Katy storyline Here’s what people have been saying about Redwater, the Irish Eastenders spin-off Limerick solicitor John Devane found dead at home; post mortem due today NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Tipperary’s tumble has gifted us a summer of intrigue Munster in healthy state as ‘Superman’ Murray set to start LIFESTYLE Guy Ritchie standing by new King Arthur film Grooming goes mainstream for Irish men     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Tech Search Search bill gatesBill Gates Advises College Graduates on Today’s Most Promising Careers Most Powerful WomenGretchen Carlson: Reporting Sexual Harassment to HR Can Backfire Ford MotorFord Motor Is Set to Slash About 10 % of Its Global Workforce, Report Says CybersecurityThe Wannacry Cyber Attack Puts NSA Hacking Back Into Focus Best Companies Apple’s Big Event in June Could Have Some Hardware Surprises Don Reisinger May 15, 2017 Each year, Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) plays host to some of the company's most important software advancements. But this year's show could have some surprises. Over the last few months, several reports have said that Apple has big plans for the show. The company will principally discuss updates to its mobile and desktop operating systems iOS and macOS, respectively, the reports have said. But the show could also put the spotlight on the smart home and how Apple plans to boost its tablet division with a new iPad. And with a steady stream of rumors about original entertainment content surrounding the company, it's possible Apple's new tvOS could play a big role in the company's keynote on June 5. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Here's a brief look at some things Apple might be planning for this year's WWDC: Hardware Apple (aapl) hasn't announced hardware at one of its developer confabs in years. And over the last few years, Apple has spent much of its time trying to educate developers on all the new features its software offers. But this year could be different, if some recent reports are any indication. The most recent WWDC report came from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who told investors over the weekend that there's a good chance Apple could unveil a new iPad Pro at the event. The tablet would come with a 10.5-inch screen and a new design that reduces the size of the tablet's screen bezels. That could result in the iPad being the same size as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but capable of squeezing a larger screen onto its face. Additionally, Kuo, whose comments were earlier reported on by MacRumors, said that the long-rumored Apple Siri Speaker, a smart home hub that would let users issue voice commands to control apps, toggle smart home switches on and off, and more, could be in the works. The Siri Speaker has been the subject of several rumors of late, including one from Kuo earlier this month that suggests the device could come with seven speakers and a subwoofer. And it might be more expensive than existing smart home devices like the Amazon Echo. Software Software will likely take up much of Apple's time during WWDC. The show, after all, is designed to play host to developers from around the world who want to learn more about software development and the new features Apple has planned for its new operating systems. Apple itself has said that it will discuss new features for its desktop operating system macOS, as well its iPhone's operating system iOS. Additionally, the company is expected to discuss improvements in its other operating systems, like watchOS for Apple Watch and tvOS for its Apple TV set-top box. There's also a chance, some reports have said, that Apple will discuss the smart home and how it's improving control over smart home devices through its HomeKit service. It's also possible Apple discusses some advancements in its health-services offering, HealthKit. Meanwhile, Apple is working on original video content that, at least for now, is slated to be streamed through its Apple Music subscription service. Some reports have suggested Apple will discuss improvements to Apple Music and talk about some of its original content. Apple will kick off WWDC with all of its announcements during a keynote address at 1 p.m. ET on June 5. This year's show will be held at McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, Calif. between June 5 and June 9. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s upcoming Piazza Liberty store in Milan to feature waterfall entrance Christian Zibreg on May 15, 2017 0 Apple on Monday showed off its upcoming Italian retail store. Located at Piazza del Liberty in Milan, the forthcoming brick-and-mortar outlet will feature Apple’s next-generation retail design, with the sales floor sitting beneath the cozy outdoor amphitheater and accessible by walking down the staircase situated between the middle of a pair of waterfalls that form part of a larger fountain. The fountain itself is a tribute to the Italian squares, representing the close link between the city of Milan and its natives. Developed in partnership with architecture firm Foster and Partners, known for its work on the Apple Park headquarters, the upcoming Apple Piazza Liberty outlet will be an open space for all to “have a break, be with friends, and discover new interests.” “We are incredibly happy to be in the center of Milan, a city that for centuries has combined creativity and innovation,” reads the machine-translated text on Apple’s Italian website. There will also be an elevator available. Last month, Apple announced that all-new “Today at Apple” educational sessions will be coming to its 495 retail outlets in the United States and around the world. The Milan store will feature “Today at Apple” sessions at launch, from the children’s programs to business sessions. The opening date has not yet been announced. Tagged: Apple Apple Store Italy News Retail MORE FROM iDB “Today at Apple” educational sessions coming to Apple Stores in May Steve Jobs originally thought Genius Bar would never work Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Featured Latest Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Daily Deals: $40 Fitbit activity tracker, $300 off MacBook Pro, and more Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar How to remove old Time Machine backups BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Apple’s latest iPhone 7 Plus ad takes place in a barbershop macOS 10.12.5 fixes issues with USB headphones & Windows 10, lays the groundwork for future macOS releases Safari 10.1.1 for Mac fixes yet another instance of address bar spoofing Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app The best jailbreak tweaks for the Status Bar Apps Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Google’s Allo messaging app will soon let you create personalized stickers from your selfies Drop everything (except your bags) – this app is all you need for grocery shopping Accessories BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Deals Charge & Sync Docks for $19 Jooicer: Lifetime Plan for $34 Aluminum Fidget Spinner for $12 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
News TV TOWIE Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Features Mum & Baby Movies Books Theatre Music Win! Competitions The Health Lottery Games Shop Subscribe More Search Become A Fan Follow Us News TV Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks TOWIE Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Beauty Awards Features Mum & Baby Stephanie Davis baby blog Movies Books Theatre Music Win! The Health Lottery Competitions Games Shop Subscribe Home > Celebrity news > Gwyneth Paltrow and ex-husband Chris Martin REUNITE for Mother’s Day as they share cute picture of family day out 0 Gwyneth Paltrow and ex-husband Chris Martin REUNITE for Mother’s Day as they share cute picture of family day out ACTRESS Gwyneth Paltrow and ex-husband Chris Martin have re-joined forces after famously "consciously uncoupling" in 2014. By Rachel Pugh Monday, May 15, 2017 Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin have remained friends following their 'conscious uncoupling' in 2014 [Instagram/Gwyneth Paltrow ] Despite their "conscious uncoupling" in 2014, Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin have proven that it is possible for ex-partners to remain good friends following divorce.  On Sunday May 14, the couple joined forces as they took daughter Apple, 13, and son Moses, 11, for a fun day at the Museum of Ice Cream in Los Angeles.  Posting on Instagram, Gwyneth shared a loved-up family photo of the experience with her 3.3 million followers, captioning it: "Best Apple's birthday/Mother's Day EVER at the @museumoficecream".  Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin joined forces to celebrate Mother's Day at the Ice Cream Museum with their children [Gwyneth Paltrow/Instagram] The couple had enjoyed an 11-year marriage before deciding to split.  However, following their divorce, both parents remained friends, and have since taken their two children on holiday together. Speaking about Chris on The Today Show previously, Gwyneth admitted: "He’s like my brother. I’m really close to him. We’re a family.  Celebrity power couples of 2016 Monday, December 19, 2016 1 / 27 Play slideshow Celebrity power couples of 2016 Monday, December 19, 2016 1 / 27 Play slideshow Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik have given us all #couplegoals this year [Instagram] From Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik's blossoming relationship to Beyoncé and Jay-Z cemented love life, we're taking a look at the power couples of 2016 that gave us all #relationshipgoals 13 year old Apple is the spitting image of mum Gwyneth [Instagram/Gwyneth Paltrow ] "Even though we’re not in a romantic relationship, we’re a true family and we like to do things to reinforce that we’re a family for the children and for each other." Alongside the cute Ice Cream Factory snap, Gwyneth proudly shared a picture of daughter Apple.  The post, which was shared to celebrate Apple's birthday, was captioned: "Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human. You light up every room, my heart, the world. You. Are. Everything. I love you, schnapps." Many have noted Gwyneth's similarity to her children [Instagram/Gwyneth Paltrow]  After seeing the post, many Instagram users were quick to point out the 13 year old's likeness to her 44 year old mother, with some even thinking it was a picture of young Gwyneth herself.  Related Little Boy Blue: Rhys Jones' killers laugh ... 'I'd love to act!' Alesha Dixon is quizzed ... Daniel Brocklebank reveals Coronoation ... England star splits from lingerie model Gwyneth Paltrow makes shock sex confession Wham! star pays tribute to George Michael MORE STORIES VIDEO PICS Click Here One of the star's followers wrote: "OMG, I thought it was little Gwyneth!!!"  While another noted: "Wow, she looks like you!!"  latest celebrity pics Cara De La Hoyde reveals baby bump BACK TO TOP MORE STORIES HOME NEWS TV PICS MUM & BABY LIFESTYLE MOVIES WIN! SHOP FUN THE HEALTH LOTTERY JACKPOT MILLIONS Subscribe to OK! Magazine Advertise at OK! Contact OK! Syndication & Licensing RSS Feeds Sitemap Archive Instagram YouTube OK! Bulgaria OK! China OK! Cyprus OK! Czech Republic OK! Georgia OK! Germany OK! Greece OK! Japan OK! Latvia OK! Mongolia OK! Pakistan OK! Romania OK! Russia OK! Slovakia OK! Thailand OK! United Kingdom OK! Venezuela Copyright ©2017 Northern & Shell Plc. OK! is a registered trade mark of Northern & Shell Worldwide Limited and is used under licence by Northern & Shell Plc. By viewing this site you agree to our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookies. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can find out more by following this link. YES, I AGREE
TRENDING CES 2017 Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Report: Apple Inc. Could Launch New 10.5-Inch iPad at WWDC – Motley Fool Click On Roger Goodell To Support Great Video-Blog News Coverage At Zennie62.com Posted on May 15 2017 - 7:30am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 22 Related ‘Phantom Dust’ returns tomorrow on Xbox One and PC — for free – Engadget Motley Fool Apple may be planning to unveil a long-awaited update to its premium iPad Pro lineup next month. Ashraf Eassa. (TMFChipFool). May 15, 2017 at 7:30AM. Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo with KGI Securities is reporting (by way of MacRumors) that Apple … Get ready for a new iPad and a mysterious Siri speaker at WWDCTechCrunch Apple’s Siri home speaker said to complement voice controls with physical touch panelAppleInsider (press release) (blog) New 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Rumored At 2017 WWDC: Specs Should ImpressForbes Mac Rumors –News4C all 122 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Atlanta Falcons Waive Garrett Scantling NFL News, Oakland Raiders Las Vegas Questions IEC Launches Crop Management Services: Vineyard Grapes, Medical Marijuana $IDVV International Endeavors Corp Mates Glamping, Wine, Cannabis $IDVV Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream Kara McCullough Miss DC Is 2017 Miss USA Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege - Miss USA 2017 Warriors Beat Spurs 113-111 NBA Western Conf Finals Game 1 Happy Mother's Day Everyone Ben Shapiro Says Racist Things, Then Attacks Black Rapper For Calling Him Racist http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple How to make any iPhone 7 Jet Black, or Jet White for $20 Maren Estrada BGR News May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Congratulations! If you’re reading this right now, you’re probably interested in transforming your iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus into a Jet Black iPhone. Needless to say, that means you didn’t buy a Jet Black iPhone from Apple. Why is that a good thing? Because the finish on Apple’s Jet Black iPhones is prone to scratching like nothing else you’ve ever seen before. Within minutes of taking it out of the box, your phone will be scratched up. In fact, the simple act of putting a protective case on a Jet Black iPhone will scratch it. A far better option is to buy an iPhone in matte black, and then slap on a paper-thin Totallee Jet Black Scarf Case for the iPhone 7, or a Totallee Jet Black Scarf Case for the iPhone 7 Plus. You’ll find info on both cases below, along with Jet White versions if you feel like separating yourself from the pack and being unique. Here are some key details from the product page: ULTRA THIN. Only 0.02 inches. No bulk. The ultimate thin case if you are looking for elegant protection without adding bulk to your pocket or purse. This iPhone 7 case is slim, lightweight and one of the thinnest cases you can find JET BLACK. This ultra thin case has a shiny jet black finish that looks just like the original jet black iPhone. The case is not see-through and covers the full backside THIN BUT PROTECTIVE. This case for the iPhone 7 wraps all around your phone and features a raised camera ring for extra protection when you put it down. Get that extra peace of mind knowing your iPhone is protected from scratches, bumps and scuffs. While other cases are made of cheap, hard plastic, this case is manufactured using flexible yet sturdy polypropylene that is more durable PREMIUM DESIGN. This case features no visible branding for a clean, classy look. Well designed and guaranteed to fit perfectly. This keeps your iPhone looking cool and pristine while retaining its original design 100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE. If you don’t love your case, simply contact totallee directly for a full refund. The best 2 YEAR WARRANTY around. Totallee (a California based company) offers quality you can trust. We’re dedicated to providing superior slim iPhone cases to protect your valuable investment iPhone 7 Case, Thinnest Cover Premium Ultra Thin Light Slim Minimal Anti-Scratch Protective - F…: $19.99 iPhone 7 Plus Case, Thinnest Cover Premium Ultra Thin Light Slim Minimal Anti-Scratch Protectiv…: $19.99 iPhone 7 Case, Thinnest Cover Premium Ultra Thin Light Slim Minimal Anti-Scratch Protective - F…: $19.99 iPhone 7 Plus Case, Thinnest Cover Premium Ultra Thin Light Slim Minimal Anti-Scratch Protectiv…: $19.99 Trending right now: New variants of the NSA-derived cyberattack already spotted New ‘Legend of Zelda’ game reportedly coming to iPhone and Android OnePlus 5 leak shows specs and price that would make it crazy to buy a Galaxy S8 instead See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Netflix is testing a price hike that would be pure evil BGR News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech AMD’s Threadripper processors could put an end to Intel’s dominance in CPUs Digital Trends Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech New OnePlus 5 leaks reveal there’s really only one reason to buy the Galaxy S8 instead BGR News Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Here's how you can protect your PC from the 'WannaCry' ransomware attack Digital Trends
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Bad iPhone 6s Battery Life Adam Mills01/11/2017 The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are excellent smartphones but they’re not perfect. iPhone 6s users continue to complain about abnormal battery drain and today we want to show you how to fix bad iPhone 6s battery life should you encounter on your device. In 2015, Apple took the stage in San Francisco and announced a slew of new products. Among them, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the two devices that took over flagship duties from 2014’s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus come with some powerful features they’ve received excellent reviews though some continue to feel underwhelmed by their battery life. Abnormal battery drain can appear at anytime though it typically rears its ugly ahead immediately after Apple releases a new iOS update. In the months since their release, we’ve seen a number of iPhone 6s users complain about abnormal battery drain. Baru sadar sehari ngecharge bisa sampai 3x. Iphone 6s seboros itu ya battery-nya? Apa battery gue bocor? :( — Irin (@khairinadiar) January 2, 2017 Considering getting a different phone literally just because of how many issues I have with battery life/charging my iPhone 6s — LOVE//LIGHTS//Q (@LameQuentin) January 2, 2017 Having so many battery and app issues with my iPhone 6S. I'm ready to #goPixel #google — Jonathan Dingman (@Dingman) January 2, 2017 Fortunately there are some ways to get bad iPhone 6s battery life fixed without having to perform a factory reset or take a trip to an Apple Store. How to Fix Bad iPhone 6s Battery Life We want to help you fix your battery life issues and ensure that you’ll be ready if the problems suddenly return in the future. These fixes will work if you’re on an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus and they’ll work on any version of iOS 9 or iOS 10. Apple’s got more iOS updates on the way and iOS updates can be the root cause of some battery life issues. That’s why we recommend absorbing these fixes so that you’re prepared for all of Apple’s future iPhone 6s iOS updates. (Note: iOS 9 and iOS 10 come with a Settings Search at the top of the Settings screen. If you can’t find something, you can search for it there.) Wait Two Days If you just installed a new update, give it a couple of days before drastically altering your settings or habits. Battery life sometimes takes a day or two to settle in immediately after a new update is installed. Keep that in mind for future iPhone 6s updates. Use Low Power Mode If you haven’t started using it already, you’ll want to start using the Low Power Mode that Apple debuted with its iOS 9 update. Low Power Mode will allow you to stretch out your last 10-20% of iPhone 6s battery life without killing your core services. Best of all, it accomplishes this with one press of a button. Toggle it on, and you’ll save yourself in critical situations. If you’re at the 10-20% mark, you should get a prompt that asks you if you want to turn it on. You can also turn it on in your iPhone 6s’ settings if you need it before that. Go to Settings > Battery > Toggle Low Power Mode on. Use Airplane Mode in Bad Service Areas If you’re in a bad service area, your iPhone 6s/iPhone 6s Plus is going to work extra hard to find a signal. This can kill your battery. To offset this, you can do a few things. You can flip off cellular data or you can kill all of your connections using Airplane Mode. To toggle Cellular Data off, you’ll want to go to Settings > Cellular > and toggle it off at the top there. If that doesn’t work, try using Airplane Mode. You can toggle it off at the top of the Settings screen. Monitor Your Apps It’s easy to blame Apple and iOS for your battery life troubles but sometimes it’s a rogue app (or apps) causing the drain. If you’re noticing abnormal drain, you’re going to want to look into your app usage. If you use an app a lot, it’ll obviously drain a lot of battery. If you’re confident it’s not the constant use that’s killing the iPhone’s battery, you’ll want to dig in. We recommend getting familiar with the iPhone 6s’ battery usage tool. It’s located in Settings > Battery. It’ll show up under the Battery Usage header. This tool shows you which apps are eating the most battery. You can check the last 24 hours and you can check to see what they’re doing over an extended period of time. You can also, thanks to iOS 9, now check to see when they are eating battery. If something doesn’t seem right, you’ll want to take a few more steps. First, you can try downloading the latest bug fix update if you haven’t already. If that doesn’t work, try reinstalling the app or apps causing problems. If that doesn’t help, you’ll want to get in contact with the developer. Or, worst case scenario, uninstall it and find an alternative. Delete Facebook A recent piece from The Guardian asserts that the Facebook app is the cause of many iPhone battery life issues. Uninstalling it apparently delivered huge gains to performance so deleting is worth a try if you’re not attached to it. Limit Background App Refresh If you have background refresh turned on, apps will download information in the background so that new info is shown when you fire them back up. It’s useful but downloads can eat up battery in the background. This is why we recommend limiting it to the apps you use the most or killing it completely. To get a grip on this feature, head into Settings > General > Background App Refresh > Turn it off for the apps you don’t use or the apps causing problems. It’s also possible to turn it off completely but you may not want to do that. Shut Off Location Services Location Services (GPS) can absolutely wreck havoc on battery life. If you’ve ever used Google Maps or Waze for an extended period of time then you already should know that. To get a handle on what should use Location Services and when, head into Settings > Privacy. You can turn Location Services off completely with a toggle off but we recommend going through your apps to determine what should be using what when. You might not want some apps using Location Services in the background and you can limit that with a simple tap. Turn Off Push Like Location Services and Background Refresh, the iPhone 6s’ push feature for notifications, email, calendar, and more can suck up battery life. You’ll want to manage it. To look at your Push Notification settings, go into Settings > Notifications. There, you can shut off notifications for all of your apps or apps that you don’t use on your iPhone. You might also want to think about settings Mail, Contacts and Calendar to Fetch instead of Push. To do that, go into Settings > Mail, Contacts, Calendars and turn off Push. Manage the Retina Display Your iPhone’s screen can eat up battery if it’s not managed correctly. The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus come with sensors that power the auto-brightness feature. The auto brightness feature can be useful but it sometimes fails to work properly. If you think you can easily manage the brightness of your iPhone 6s Retina Display yourself, try adjusting it manually. It could help save you some battery. iOS makes this extremely easy. All you have to do is pull up from the bottom of the screen to enter Control Center. From there, just use the screen toggle to adjust your screen brightness. Turn it down when you don’t need the screen to be bright. Restart the iPhone 6s If you haven’t turned your iPhone 6s off for awhile, try restarting it. This simple fix has worked for us in the past. Reset Network Settings If that doesn’t work, try resetting your device’s Network Settings. This will cause the iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus to forget Wi-Fi passwords to make sure you have those handy. To do that, head into Settings > General > Reset Network Settings. Reset All Settings If you’ve tired all of these little fixes and nothing’s worked, it’s time to take some drastic measures to fix your bad iPhone 6s battery life. The first step to take is to Reset All Settings on the iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus. To get this done, go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset All Settings and then enter your passcode when the prompt tell you to. This could take a few minutes and it will force your device to forget your connections (and passwords) but it might fix your battery issues. It will not delete any files. Downgrade If that doesn’t work, you could try downgrading to the previous versions of iOS if the downgrade is available and it was working fine on your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus. The downgrade process can be a bit tricky the first time but after you do it once you should be set. If you’re interested in dropping down to an older version of iOS you can read about the process here. Restore from Backup If none of these aforementioned fixes work, you can try restoring from a backup or wiping your iPhone 6s/iPhone 6s Plus completely starting from scratch. Plug in and backup to the computer or to iCloud. Turn off Find My iPhone – Settings -> iCloud -> Find my iPhone -> Off. In iTunes Click Restore. Follow the prompts and the iPhone will reinstall iOS 9/iOS 10 from scratch. When it completes click Restore from Backup to put your information back on the iPhone or Choose to set up as a new iPhone. You should only do this if nothing else works. Take Your iPhone 6s In If you don’t want to restore or perform a factory reset, you can also make an appointment to go see an Apple Genius at the Apple Store. (Or another store but we recommend Apple itself.) Geniuses will be able to run some diagnostics on your phone and they could help you figure out the problem. We once took in an iPhone 5s and discovered a bloated battery was responsible for the battery drain. If you’re under warranty, and you will be for a year from your purchase date, you might be able to get another iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus for free. You can find a list of your local Apple Stores right here. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 13 27 Responses 11/25/2015 Me Reply Thank you 02/19/2016 Janell Young Reply Thank you! 01/21/2016 Barbaraltrask Reply 0=18my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 02/14/2016 saadtariq50 Reply Guys, my friend send me this link that someone is making this so called fat battery that will have more power than normal 6S current battery.Here is link. http://www.thediverge.com/who-else-wants-to-know-the-mystery-behind-tracking-mobile-phone-through-battery-91632 02/16/2016 Ram Reply whats the use of a iphone when we stop all the services running in the background – My Iphone 6 never used to behave this way but i have upgraded it 6S where i am sick of charging it two times a day 02/23/2016 dieter Reply yes me too!!!!! i deleted it and reformatted it and still it loses power like a leaky tyre…. 03/05/2016 Monica Reply This is ridiculous. Even with the charger on, I can see the % drop. What the hell is going on? Will they fix this with a new upgrade? 03/09/2016 Sam Reply My phones ok when the 4g is on and I’m listening to music when I’m out but as soon as I get wifi it starts dropping?! 03/13/2016 Kurt Reply Another idea that works for me is let the battery completely drain out to the point where it automatically shuts off and then let it charge to 100% before using it. 03/18/2016 sup man Reply just dont buy an iphone… Get s7 or s7 edge. It lasts 6 more hours… 04/13/2016 simon Reply There are so many different things that can be giving you a bad battery life. It could be too many apps running, an overheating issue, low storage, or even a virus. These are some more in depth reasons and fixes for the problem if anyone needs it https://goo.gl/jbhBFG 04/16/2016 Sarahdbrown Reply ….!!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/28/2016 Lora Huls Reply tried every trick in book, horrible still, fix upgrade already, getting sick and tired of having to lose settings because of poor upgrade 05/07/2016 Waqar Nadeem Reply Its a worse mistake to buy an iphone 6s and plus. I have to charge it 3 times a day. Battery drain is so rapid that I am now keep loosing important calls as the phone dies by itself during the day. Apple genius are of no use they replaced my phone without any luck. I did factory reset and removed all apps it helped a little but as soon as you reinstall the apps CPU starts clicking at a high number. I wish I had bought Galaxy S7. Finally i am going to buy an additional battery back for $50 05/27/2016 Waqar Reply I don’t know how to delete my review as my issue is resolved after talking to my carrier. It appears to be the carrier issue not the apple however it took us a very long time to figure this out. High data use and battery problems have a connection some how – I returned my battery pack as the iphone battery itself is working great so far. 06/22/2016 latatooti Reply what was the carrier issue waqar? 08/03/2016 Karissa Reply I shut my phone off, let it sit for a few minutes, turned it back on… Then I bought a new phone charger through Apple. I have been using an after market one and I’ve noticed my battery has been really bad, my husband said something about it a few days ago. I had 19% when we were out to eat and it just died without using it. So I started using the apple charger along with doing everything this article said to do and my phone battery is acting a lot better now, still dies fast for a phone I paid $850 for, but it’s better then it has been being. 09/29/2016 Victor Reply My 6s battery doesn’t drain rapidly I’m ok with it 10/01/2016 Holly Reply The battery life isn’t good at all! I would hate to think of being stuck somewhere with out a charger and something bad happenes to someone and not be able to dial 911!!! That’s my big concern! Not everyone carries a wall and car charger around with them because their phone doesn’t hold a good solid charge through the day!!! This really needs to be fixed! I’m surprised there hasn’t already been some type of law suit because of this very thing happening to someone! When my phone decides to die it just shuts down until I can get back to my car or home! AND a lot of cars won’t charge your phone which takes FOREVER in the car without the engine running!!! I would make this problem the first one on the list to fix!!! Thank you! 10/03/2016 Jeanie Stouffer Reply I agree with Holly and others. Was on the phone with Apple just yesterday trying to fix battery issues. Whu even have an $800 phone when I have to turn apps off/shut them down/low power mode/turn off app refresh blah blah. So disappointed with this iphone 6s. 11/23/2016 Guss Reply My 6S has been running relatively fine since I got back in January. But since iOS 10 was released, my phone has suddenly started having battery issues. As in it drains much faster now, and I haven’t been using it any differently. I’m not a social media fanatic. I check Facebook, Instagram and Twitter every so often. But I don’t live my life in them. Eg. prior to iOS 10 release, I spend 10 – 15 min going through FB posts, and replying to a few. Used up about 1% maybe 2%. Now, for the same amount of time, doing the same things, my battery goes down about 8-10%. Yes, I’ve learned to test stuff like this over the years. For referencing in times like this. I can’t prove, nor will any Apple authorities admit to it. But using basic logic and common sense, it leaves one to wonder. For the last 4 versions, what I’ve noticed was whenever a new iOS comes out, within a couple of weeks or so, my battery starts draining faster (no more usage than before). And whenever I contact Apple, they always say “I can’t help you if you aren’t on the latest iOS”. Hmmmm. And also keeping in mind, that Apple CAN and DOES push iOS updates to some peoples phone without their consent or knowledge. It doesn’t install, but it’s put there by Apple regardless. If they can do this, I’m absolutely certain they can do other things to our phones without our knowledge or consent. They’ve been doing it to me for years, since the iPhone 4S. In fact, just in the last couple of weeks, I’ve had to decline and delete the updates twice already. If and when I decide, I will do it myself. No reason why Apple should be twisting my arm to. I know all the troubleshooting tips. I’ve done them all, except for resetting and reloading. Which in my experience has NEVER worked for me. It was just a pain the arse to have to do. I really do believe that Apple does this to force people to update to the latest iOS, without looking like they are forcing people. Until anyone can explain with valid reasons as to why this happens to some and not all, this is the only logical explanation that comes to mind. Doesn’t take a lot of code to tweak something to cause the iPhone to use up more battery life in the background than normal. In Apple’s defense though, they did acknowledge (finally) a battery issue with their phones. And have offered to replace the battery on selected iPhone 6s that qualify. You’ll have to check in with an authorized Apple repair or got the Apple Store to check if your phone is one of them. 12/03/2016 Rich Reply I turned off all background apps, locations settings and turned down the retina display. It’s easily given me a few extra hours of battery life. 12/12/2016 MLB Reply For what you pay for an iphone it should have a decent working battery. I have turned off everything i can and still use my phone. The battery still needs to be charged by noon. I finally got a case that has a back up battery and that helps, but I still have to charge my phone several times a day. I agree with A previous comments by Ram which stated why have an iphone if you have to shut everything off. I am not going to run in and purchase yet another expensive phone in order to get more battery life. Apple should be taking care of the problem or allowing a greatly discounted upgrade for those stuck with the lemons. 01/04/2017 Alfonso Quiroz Reply I have the same problem, charged my iPhone 6S Plus (iOS 10.2) for approximately 5 hours at night and in the the morning when i unplugged it, it showed 100% but then within 5 minutes of being unplugged the phone dies and it showed the dead battery symbol so I could plug it in again. This only started happening after I installed the iOS 10.2. I bought an iPhone because I thought it was reliable but i was wrong. I’m not sure how the sales are going for the iPhone 7 but it is a big coincidence that the new iPhone comes out and a new software is released that causes issues on the old iPhones. I had the iPhone in the past and it was OK so i decided to buy the iPhone 6S plus and with the new software I’ve had a lot of problems. Even to the point where I’ve had my phone for about 9 months but when i enter my serial number on the apple website it says it is out of warranty. Pretty sad that Apple doesn’t care about their customers. 01/07/2017 Nrapendra pratap Sharma Reply Indeed great knowledge. I was looking for knowledge on downgrading IOS version. I also did a successfull experiment last night to stable my iphone 6s battery drainage. Link: https://youtu.be/AVqgyibz8H0 05/12/2017 Glenn Reply Can’t THANK YOU enough for the excellent suggestions. I was able to locate an app that I’ve never used that was consuming 35% of my battery. I was ready the bring my iPhone to the Apple Store for replacement of the battery. Thanks to your suggestions, I don’t need to do that… THANK YOU! 05/15/2017 Mintcake Reply I agree with Ram , you get a phone that gives you more features and then have to turn them off to protect the battery life. Not good . As suggested , I will try turning the WiFi off when not in use and monitor the results. Come on Apple sort it out!! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Share Tweet Analyst claims that Apple is working on a 'transportation system' for... Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Apple News Apple iCar rumours: Release date, features and patents Apple iCar rumours: Release date, features and patents With reports that Apple is now focusing on an autonomous driving system, is Apple still manufacturing an iCar, and when will the iCar be launched? We look at all the evidence. by Lewis Painter | 15 May 17 Contents > Evidence that Apple is working on an automated car/system > Could Apple be working on a Transportation System? > Evidence that Apple isn't working on an autonomous car/system > When will the Apple iCar launch? > What will the Apple iCar look like? > Patents > Leaked images > Pricing Way back in February 2015, there were murmurs that Apple was working on a car that would "give Tesla a run for its money" after Business Insider spoke to an Apple employee with knowledge of the subject. This, coupled with sightings of cars registered to Apple, clad with sensors/cameras (which were later debunked), got everyone talking about the prospects of an Apple Car, or iCar. The iCar project is codenamed 'Titan', according to The Wall Street Journal, which originally stated there were "several hundred" Apple employees working on the project. While reports originally claimed that Apple was working on a self-driving car, more recent reports suggest that Apple may have changed directions on the project and is now working on an autonomous driving platform. Whatever the end product, Apple is developing something car-related, whether it's an autonomous driving system, an Apple Car or simply an in-car entertainment system - although the company will never admit what. We'll let you read all the below evidence and decide for yourselves.  Evidence that Apple is working on an automated car/system Here is where we list some of the most prominent rumours suggesting Apple is making an iCar.  Also read: Apple rumours and predictions for 2016. Apple pens letter to US transport regulators about self-driving car rules While many had believed that Apple was stepping away from the autonomous car project, a letter penned to US transport regulators by Apple's director of product integrity Steve Kenner may suggest otherwise. Apple has apparently said that it was "excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation" and that there were "significant societal benefits of automated vehicles" to be realised.  An Apple spokesman has confirmed that the letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) was prompted by its "heavy investment in machine learning and autonomous systems" and that it wanted to help define best practises in the industry going forward.  The letter urges regulators to not introduce too many rules regarding the testing of self-driving cars, claiming that "established manufacturers and new entrants should be treated equally". Kenner also suggests that companies should share data from crashes and near-misses to build a more comprehensive picture than would be possible by one company alone, helping to improve the systems.  Of course, with Apple being so focused on user privacy, it'd be out of character not to mention it in the letter. Kenner notes that an individual's privacy should not be compromised by the sharing of data, and that regulators "address privacy challenges associated with the collection, use, and sharing of automated vehicle data".  Apple awarded self-driving car permit in California Following Apple's letter to the NHTSA in late 2016, Apple has been awarded a permit that'll let the company test autonomous vehicles on public roads in California.  According to the Wall Street Journal, the permit lets Apple retrofit three 2015 Lexus SUVs with all the technology required for autonomous driving. The permit also allows for six people to sit in the cars during testing and can take over driving if/when necessary.  This suggests that Apple has been conducting successful tests on closed tracks and wants to really push the system by testing it on public roads where there are more variables for the autonomous driving system to deal with.  Is Apple still developing a self-driving iCar, or is it testing out autonomous technology for other manufacturers to use? Both options are possible, but it'll be a while before we find out for sure.  Apple CEO Tim Cook hints at motoring focus during Q4 2016 results During Apple's Q4 2016 financial results, Apple CEO Tim Cook answered a flurry of questions regarding Apple Pay, Siri and most importantly, the Apple Car. While the CEO neither confirmed or denied the existence of Apple's rumoured electric car, he said that Apple "always looks for ways that we can improve the experience and the customers' experience on different sets of products".  “And we are always looking at new things, and the car space in general is an area that it's clear that there is a lot of technologies that will either become available or will be able to revolutionise the car experience.” he continued. "And so it's interesting from that point of view, but nothing to, certainly nothing to announce today." As usual, Cook is speaking in riddles, but if you read between the lines, it does hint that Apple may have something to announce somewhere down the line.  Apple hires BlackBerry engineers for autonomous car OS project in Canada Bloomberg reports that Apple and its Project Titan team - focusing on an autonomous car OS following the closure of the Apple Car project - have hired a number of former BlackBerry engineers as part of a new Canadian office in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa. "Many of the engineers working in Canada were hired over the past year and about two dozen came from BlackBerry's QNX, a leading automotive software provider," writes the outlet, citing "people familiar with the matter". Among Apple's hires from QNX is Dan Dodge, the firm's CEO. QNX staff were targeted by Apple because of the company's experience "developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management", an ex-QNX employee told Bloomberg. Supply chain rumours In August 2016, Neil Cybart, the founder of Above Avalon, an analyst firm which concentrates on Apple, mentioned on Twitter the new developments of Apple's supply chain. It is stated that Apple has recently signed an NDA (non-disclosure agreement) with a major South Korean battery developer for cylindrical lithium-ion batteries. This is a strong indication that Apple is looking into electric cars and potentially driverless cars. We will be sure to update this article if we learn of any developments in Apple's supply chain. New roles working at Apple According to the WSJ, Apple has appointed Bob Mansfield (previously Senior Vice President of Technologies at Apple) to work and oversee the Electric Vehicle Team at the company. He previously was set to retire in June 2012, but has been involved in numerous special projects at the company. This further solidifies claims that Apple is committed to releasing their very own iCar, Apple Car or Titan project. It has also been reported by appleinsider that the project is delayed until 2021, a year after its inital rollout. As with all things, take this date prediction with a pinch of salt. Money spent on R&D It has emerged that Apple spent $10bn in research and development costs in 2016, which is more than triple of what it spent just four years ago ($3bn). This massive increase in R&D costs, does suggest that Apple is developing something a lot bigger than simply a new iPhone, iPad or Mac device. Apple CEO Tim Cook comments on Apple Car rumours  It takes a lot for the CEO of a company to openly discuss rumours surrounding their own upcoming products, especially when it's the CEO of a secretive company like Apple. However, as unlikely as it seems, Tim Cook has recently teased the media about the possibility of an Apple Car in the future. While he didn't directly comment on the likelihood of an Apple Car, during a recent interview with Fortune, Cook said: "we don’t have to spend large amounts to explore". Apparently, Apple becomes "committed" to a project once the company begins spending huge amounts of money on tools, company acquisitions and other processes (as rumours suggest the company has), although hiring experts don't seem to count. "We explore things with teams of people. And that’s a part of being curious," Cook said. It wasn't the last that Cook had to say about the iCar, either. Only days after speaking to Fortune, Cook teased attendees at an Apple shareholders meeting about future possibilities. "Do you remember when you were a kid, and Christmas Eve... it was so exciting," Cook reportedly said. "You weren't sure what was going to be downstairs. Well, it's going to be Christmas Eve for a while." We'll obviously be waiting some time for an Apple-branded car, but the latest comments from the Apple CEO will definitely add fuel to the fire. 'Engine noises' heard late at night at Apple Car campus If Apple isn't developing a car, this rumour will be pretty hard to explain: AppleInsider has reported that someone who lives near Apple's mysterious campus in Sunnyvale, Calfornia (believed to be where Apple is developing its car) complained about "motor noises" coming from the facility at night.  "[Do] there have to [be] motor noises at 11:00 p.m. at night like last night? Even with the windows closed I could still hear it," the resident reportedly remarked.  However, the resident may be mistaken - construction sounds sound similar to the revving of an engine, especially at a distance. Last year, Sunnyvale issued permits to Apple allowing the company to build a "windowless repair garage" at one of the buildings Apple operates at, so it's possible that is what was heard - although why the construction would take place at night is a mystery.  It's also worth noting that if Apple is building a prototype car at the facility, the noises could be the sound of the lathes and mills required to shape the metal, a notoriously noisy process. Apple buys car-related domain names As first reported by MacRumours, it appears that Apple has bought a number of car-related domain names including apple.car, apple.cars and apple.auto. The purchases took place in December 2015 and were brought to light via Whois, a service that finds information regarding specific domain names and IP addresses. Whois records were updated on January 8 2016 to show that Apple had registered the domains through registrar MarkMonitor Inc, although it’s worth noting that none of the registered domains are currently active. While this may seem like confirmation that Apple is working on an Apple Car, it may not be the case; Apple could be buying the domains for use with Apple’s in-car system, CarPlay. It could also be to stop potential scammers looking to make money from people in light of the recent Apple Car rumours. Although with this being said, Apple bought iCloud.com months before its announcement and that was also picked up by MacRumours. Apple Car ‘could have digital license plates’ According to website Electrek, Apple’s upcoming iCar could be the first to boast digital license plates. Why? Amongst the horde of employees that Apple has snapped up over the past few months is Rónán Ó Braonáin, ex-Director of Engineering at Reviver, a start-up working on what Braonáin called “the world’s first digital license plate”. According to his LinkedIn, he spent five years as a software engineer at BMW before becoming CTO at Vision Fleet, a company offering electric vehicle fleet management software, before moving onto Reviver and finally ending up at Apple as a “Secret Agent” on “Special Projects”. Digital license plates make sense, especially when you consider vehicle-sharing. The digital license plate could bring forward a new era of vehicle sharing, by giving the government a way to issue plate identifications to the driver of the car, instead of the car itself. Letting a friend drive? Your iCar’s digital license plate would (in theory) automatically update, letting everyone (aka the government) know who’s driving at any particular time. It’s a cool idea, but we’re not sure just how viable it is, especially when you consider that license plates need to be readable in almost any weather conditions, an issue that a digital license plate may struggle with. Steve Jobs ‘considered Apple car’ in 2008 Tony Fadell, former Apple executive, revealed in an interview that he and Steve Jobs occasionally talked about what an Apple-manufactured car could look like. The pair would chat informally about various features of the Apple Car and what they’d look like, from the dashboard to the seats to the type of fuel it could be powered by. Although in his follow-up, Fadell stressed that the questions were purely hypothetical and that Apple wasn’t actively developing a car in 2008. Apple execs reportedly liked the idea of building a car, but decided, in the end, to allocate the company’s resources to other products that’d have a bigger impact on consumers around the world – the iPhone, and then three years later, the iPad. However, Fadell did note that cars and iPhones have more in common than meets the eye: “A car has batteries; it has a computer; it has a motor, and it has mechanical structure. If you look at an iPhone, it has all the same things. It even has a motor in it,”. ‘Massive change’ is coming to the auto industry Speaking at Wall Street Journal’s WSJDLive conference at The Montage resort in Laguna Beach, California, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the automotive industry is close to “massive change” but refused to comment on whether Apple would be a leading part of the change, which Cook predicts will see users move away from internal combustion engines to electrification. “It would seem like there will be massive change in that industry, massive change,” Cook said at the conference. “You may not agree with that. That’s what I think.” This was followed by Cook refusing to respond to reports of Apple developing an electric car looking to be on sale by 2019. He said instead that the company is working to bring the “iPhone experience” to the vehicle via CarPlay, Apple’s in-dash system that allows users to access their iTunes music collections and driving directions without needing to operate phones. Apple 'testing a self-driving car at a War World II naval base' Project Titan is on its way, at least according to the Guardian. The newspaper reports that Apple has already developed its self-driving car, and now it just needs to be tested. Unlike many carmakers - such as Google and Tesla - that are testing their self-driving vehicles on public roads, Apple wants to keep a low profile. That means the company needs some barricaded doors behind which it can test its secretive projects. Apparently Apple has found the perfect top-secret testing base. Back in May 2016, according to the Guardian, Apple's engineers met officials from GoMentum Station, a War World II-epoch disused naval base near San Francisco. The base reportedly hosts 20 miles of everyday public transport scenarios, from highways to cattle grids; its 24-hour surveillance by armed soldiers prevents the public from nosing around the facility. According to GoMentum officials, the base is "the largest secure test facility in the world". However, it's worth mentioning that the leaked report obtained by the Guardian consists of a filed public requests record about the meeting between Apple's team and GoMentum officials. There is no mention of an Apple iCar, and the most revealing clue comes from Apple engineer Frank Fearon, who said: "We would … like to get an understanding of timing and availability for the space, and how we would need to coordinate with other parties who would be using [GoMentum]." BMW negotiations A number of outlets have reported that Apple and the German automaker BMW have been meeting with one another, with Reuters reporting that Tim Cook and other Apple bigwigs visited the BMW production facility in Leipzig. In particular, Apple seems interested in the carbon-fibre-reinforced BMW i3 electric vehicle, reportedly the most energy-efficient car in the US. It's believed that the i3 could form the basis of the rumoured iCar. It's further been claimed that negotiations between Apple and BMW started in autumn 2014 and are approaching a final deal. However, it's worth pointing out that BMW was the first carmaker to incorporate iPod facilities into its vehicles, and that it is entirely possible that Apple is simply looking to secure an agreement with the German company to move its CarPlay project forward. Read more: Apple and BMW started talking about an iCar collaboration last year Hiring car industry veterans Perhaps the clearest sign of Apple's interest in the car industry is the number of new hires it's made from that field. According to the Wall Street Journal, Tim Cook has hired Doug Betts, a veteran of the car industry. Doug Betts has 25 years of experience working for Nissan and Toyota; from 2007 until last year, he was senior vice-president of Global Quality at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. The automobile expert has changed his LinkedIn profile. He describes his current job as "operation-Apple Inc.", which could be interpreted as evidence to back up the WSJ's rumour. On the other hand, this cryptic statement could mean a lot of things.  Since February 2015, Apple seems to have been quietly cherry-picking automobile industry experts - such as Paul Furgale, the Swiss researcher who led the V-Charge project developing self-parking cars. Business Insider's source claims that Tesla employees are "jumping ship" to go and work at Apple. Evidence via LinkedIn supports this claim, with 50 profiles of current Apple employees that have an engineering history at Tesla, mainly through internships. Apple Insider reported that Tesla CEO Elon Musk has said that Apple is trying very hard to get Tesla engineers, offering them a $250k signing bonus and 60 percent pay increase. The Korea Times has reported that Apple is also luring Samsung's tech experts away from them, namely experts in battery technology; perhaps to work on batteries for the iPhone, but also, reports suggest to work on a battery powered electric car. "Some of our personnel have been hired by Apple. They now work at Apple's headquarters in San Jose, Calif.," claimed one anonymous Samsung official, stating that Apple offers competitive benefits and large annual paychecks. If Apple is entering the electric car arena, the company is pretty late to the game and will be looking to file patents. It has already filed a few, as you will see below. "As the electric vehicle business is a new one, Apple needs patents and experts in battery technology. Top human resources firms have been approaching Samsung's battery experts, individually, and I think such human exchange moves are a win-win for both," said the Samsung official. It's easy to write this off as an unconfirmed rumour, but it does fit in with a lawsuit that was filed earlier this month claiming that Apple engaged in an "aggressive campaign" to poach engineers from electric car battery maker A123 Systems. The Register has also reported that Apple is reassigning workers to its car project at such a fast pace that other department leaders are beginning to complain about the loss of talent. Though Project Titan remains shrouded in mystery, reassigning such a number of staff from a variety of departments does point towards work on a significant scale, and possibly a move into a completely new industry.  'Apple cars' spotted There were also rumours surrounding Apple registered vehicles seen driving around the US. The vehicles were clad in sensors, which some assumed enabled the car to drive autonomously like Google’s self-driving car. However, it was too good to be true as Apple announced months after that these were, in fact, mapping vehicles that were being used to improve the Apple Maps service. In fact, the company has even listed all the locations that Apple’s mapping cars will be driving around – possibly to stop any future confusion. If you’re interested (for whatever reason) in seeing Apple’s mapping vehicles in person, head over to the Apple Vehicles page and take a look. More about this rumour below. Secret iCar facility There has also been talk of a secret automobile R&D facility where Apple is recruiting experts to potentially build the iCar. It's apparently run by the ex-head of R&D at Mercedes, Johann Jungwirth, and will be staffed with "experienced managers from its iPhone unit", according to The Times. They carry on to say that the seniority of the executives involved would suggest that an iCar could be in the works. They've also reported that Jony Ive and members of his industrial design team, who are responsible for most of Apples products, have been holding regular meetings with automotive execs and have even tried hiring them.  Could Apple be working on a Transportation System? While many have suggested that Apple is working on an autonomous car (or a system to sell to other manufacturers), a recent report from Business Insider and comments from analyst Steven Milunovich suggest that something else could be in store for motoring fans.  BI recently discovered a secret Apple office in Berlin that is apparently devoted to transportation using engineers hired from car companies. But what if the company is working on more than just a car - what if it was developing an in-car entertainment system? USB analyst Steven Milunovich discussed Project Titan with Horace Dediu and Neil Cybart and raised three issues: Transportation is bigger than IT and healthcare, two industries Apple is already deep in. Car ownership may plummet with autonomous driving. The company is building expertise in core sensor, driving and mapping technologies. The most logical outcome? Project Titan "is likely to be a transportation platform - not a car, but the entire experience" Milunovich remarked. It's an interesting idea; if cars in the future can drive themselves, what will the occupants be doing? It's likely that passengers will require some form of entertainment, communications and apps to keep them occupied - something Apple provides with its other devices. With all that on offer, the car will also require Wi-Fi, broadband connectivity, navigation information and its own operating system - all of which the company offers.  Combine that with rumours of an upcoming Siri-enabled smart speaker to rival Amazon's hugely popular Alexa-powered Echo. It's not hard to imagine a future where Siri controls and operates your car, providing you with an iOS-like user interface to interact with.  Head over to page 2 for evidence that Apple isn't working on an iCar, along with all rumours discussing the electric vs autonomous debate and a possible release date.  >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: Apple , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement What is ransomware and how do I protect my PC from WannaCry? Microsoft's new mixed-reality devices offer lower prices than the Rift and Vive iPad 2017 vs iPad mini 4 Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 [Download] Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 [Download] Little Kitten is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Google Assistant to Launch as Standalone App on iOS? Apple Unveils Design for New Flagship 'Piazza Liberty' Retail Store in Milan Apple Park: One Year Construction Recap [Video] Apple Acquires Lattice Dark Data Company for $200 Million Nike Releases New iPhone Cases With Air Force 1 and Roshe Outsole Patterns Apple Posts New 'How to Shoot on iPhone 7' Video Series [Watch] Anker Speakers and Earbuds on Sale Up to 72% Off [Deal] Apple Awards Corning Its First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Apple Unveils Design for New Flagship 'Piazza Liberty' Retail Store in Milan LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 16 hours ago by iClarified · 1752 views · Translate Apple has unveiled its design for a new 'Piazza Liberty' Apple Store in Milan, Italy. We are incredibly happy to be in the center of Milan, a city that for centuries combines creativity and innovation. In these months we will work to give you a new Liberty Square: an open space for everyone to take a break, find out with friends, discover new interests. The store is situated beneath an outdoor amphitheater. The store is there but you do not see it. Thanks to an original architectural solution, it is hidden beneath the cozy outdoor amphitheater. It will be the perfect place to share your passions, discover new ones and deepen your skills. To get into the store you walk down steps that cut through two waterfalls. It goes down to the store passing through two tall water walls: those that form the great fountain, tribute to the Italian squares and the close link between Milan and its navies. Apple hopes the location will become a meeting point and inspiration, a 'crossroads of technology and creativity in the center of Milan'. Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2018 Honda Odyssey Press Kit – Audio and Connectivity NOTE: Information in this document is preliminary, subject to change without notice, and intended for media use–not for consumers. For final information, visit automobiles.honda.com. Honda’s most advanced family-friendly entertainment and connectivity technology is engineered into the new Odyssey. Available features include an all-new 8-inch capacitive touchscreen Display Audio connectivity interface with a new, Honda-developed, Android-based operating system, new customizable app tiles and shortcuts and more powerful voice recognition engine. Integrated with Display Audio, the new Odyssey features both Android Auto™ and Apple CarPlay™ compatibility for the first time. Odyssey is also the first Honda model to feature Over-The-Air System Updates for its Display Audio and Rear Entertainment Systems. Software updates issued by Honda can be downloaded by the customer using any Wi-Fi connection – at home, on the road or at their Honda dealer. Updates can also be downloaded via USB in the vehicle, or through the available built-in 4G LTE cellular connection. The Odyssey’s Display Audio system also enables simplified smartphone connectivity and offers available 4G LTE Wi-Fi connectivity. A new 10.2-inch, ceiling-mounted Rear Entertainment System with DVD, CD and Blu-ray™ disc capability is also available. New for 2018, the system can play content that is streamed from the available in-vehicle 4G LTE capability or using the customer’s smartphone and data plan (as a hotspot). And for maximum family connectivity the Odyssey sports an array of ports and plugs for a wide range of electronic devices, including up to three USB ports, all with 2.5-amp charging capacity. Odyssey EX-L N/R and higher trims also feature a new embedded, Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System™ developed in cooperation with Garmin® featuring more detailed three-dimensional mapping, turn-by-turn directions that appear in the main instrument display and detailed traffic information. Available Odyssey Audio and Connectivity Features New 8-inch touchscreen Display Audio system* New-generation „2.0” SiriusXM® Radio* Apple CarPlay* Android Auto* Siri Eyes Free* 4G LTE* Blu-ray™/DVD/CD Rear Entertainment System (RES)* „Smart TV” type content streaming to vehicle* Wireless streaming from Android devices to RES* HondaLink® *First for Odyssey Odyssey LX Audio The Odyssey LX has a standard 150-watt AM/FM radio audio system with seven speakers including a subwoofer and a USB port6 to allow the connection of other compatible devices. The audio system has a 5-inch (diagonal) display screen and conventional knobs and buttons to control the various functions. 8-Inch Display Audio Touchscreen The all-new Display Audio system standard in the 2018 Odyssey EX, EX-L, EX-L NR, Touring and Elite is the most advanced system ever offered by Honda. The 8-inch touchscreen lets you swipe, tap and pinch – just like on a tablet or smartphone – to control the vehicle’s audio system, display settings and other advanced features. The intuitive and easy-to-use system has a simplified menu structure, customizable shortcuts for commonly used features and customizable app locations. On the EX, EX-L, EX-L NR and Touring trims, the 150-watt audio system has seven speakers including a subwoofer. The Elite trim gets an 550-watt system with 11 speakers including a subwoofer. The Odyssey’s Display Audio system offers greater capability than any previous Honda system, with AM/FM, HD Radio, SiriusXM, Apple CarPlay, Android Auto, and HondaLink content among the many available content channels. Odyssey trims with the Rear Entertainment System (RES) can play CDs in the same drive that plays DVDs and Blu Ray media as well. The EX-L NR, Touring and Elite include Display Audio with a fully integrated and fully featured Garmin-developed Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System™ with continuously updated traffic information. With the Display Audio’s new operating system, icons resembling smartphone apps are displayed on the high-definition, capacitive touchscreen, making the interface intuitive and easy to use. Much like a smartphone, apps can be moved and rearranged on each page, or hidden on the touchscreen. You can also restore a hidden app to the Home screen by accessing the „all apps” list and checking a box. A trio of onscreen shortcut buttons are customizable, so you can decide what three features you want to have constant access to. Utilizing a new Honda-developed operating system built upon Android, the Odyssey’s Display Audio is also easily updatable and upgradeable. An update can be downloaded to a USB stick, via Wi-Fi from any available network, or for those opting for the Odyssey’s data plan, directly to the head unit via available 4G LTE if the Odyssey has an active data plan. Multi-Zone Audio Odyssey Elite features Multi-Zone Audio, which allows the driver to quickly and easily alter the listening environment in the vehicle. By using the Display Audio touchscreen, the driver can select among four zones: Driver Only, Front Only, Rear Only and Full Vehicle. Multi-Zone Audio eliminates the need to manually adjust Balance and Fader controls in an effort to achieve similar results. „Front Only” mode is automatically chosen when the Rear Entertainment System is on. 4G LTE Wi-Fi Odyssey Touring and Elite models feature an embedded Telematics Control Unit (TCU) that provides an AT&T 4G LTE connection inside the vehicle. The system includes a 90-day/3GB (whichever comes first) free trial, followed by a customer-paid subscription plan. With a better antenna than in typical smartphones, the system often offers superior reception. The Wi-Fi network can support up to seven devices, and enables „Smart TV” style streaming of select video content to the Rear Entertainment System (RES), in addition to streaming from compatible Android devices to the RES. Users can also choose to utilize their compatible smartphone and data plan as a Wi-Fi hotspot to stream content. Apple CarPlay Odyssey EX models and above offer standard Apple CarPlay compatibility. By connecting the iPhone to the car using the phone’s USB cable (supplied with the phone) and the Odyssey’s USB data port, CarPlay features can be accessed.   CarPlay takes the most popular functions and features of the user’s compatible iPhone and puts them on the Odyssey’s Display Audio touchscreen display. You can get directions, send and receive messages, listen to audio books and music, all in a way that allows you to stay more focused on the road. CarPlay features Siri voice control and is specially designed for typical driving scenarios. It also works with the Odyssey’s controls – both on the audio touchscreen and the steering-wheel mounted controls, so you don’t need to pick up your phone. CarPlay includes access to Apple Maps, which can provide turn-by-turn directions, traffic conditions, and estimated travel time. CarPlay can also predict where you most likely want to go using addresses from your email, text messages, contacts, and calendars. CarPlay is compatible with iPhones that feature the small Lighting connector, not older iPhones with the larger 30-pin connector. Android Auto Odyssey EX models and above offer standard Android Auto compatibility. By connecting a compatible Android phone to the car using the phone’s USB cable (supplied with the phone) and the Odyssey’s USB data port, the Android Auto platform is enabled. Android Auto puts some of your phone’s most useful Apps on the Odyssey’s audio display. You can get directions, send and receive messages, listen to audio books and music, all without the need to pick up your phone. Android Auto works with the Odyssey’s controls – both on the audio touchscreen and the steering wheel-mounted controls – so it’s simple and intuitive to use. Android Auto’s voice control is specially designed for typical driving scenarios. A curated selection of available Android Auto apps is designed for use in the Odyssey, and are designed to help minimize the potential for driver distraction. Android includes access to Google Maps, which can provide turn-by-turn directions, live traffic conditions, lane guidance and more. Android Auto is designed to work with Android phones running 5.0 (Lollipop) or higher. SiriusXM® Radio A new generation 2.0 version of SiriusXM® Radio is a standard feature in the EX and above trims, and it provides more than 165 channels of digital programming with near CD-quality sound. The SiriusXM® signal is beamed from two broadcast satellites positioned in geostationary orbit above Earth. The beams from these two broadcast satellites combine to span the entire continental United States and some of Canada. SiriusXM® Radio programming includes channels devoted to music, sports, talk, traffic, weather, children’s programming and entertainment. When the audio system plays SiriusXM® Radio, the audio system displays the current category, station, song title or artist’s name. This latest generation of SiriusXM includes many all-new features, including pause, fast forward and rewind. There is also an Instant Replay feature which allows listeners rewind the song they are currently listening to, or rewind a song/program on any of the presets. A new Sports Flash feature lets you listen to your favorite programming, and if your favorite team makes a big play in a live game that is being broadcast on SiriusXM, you will receive an on-screen alert. With a touch of a soft-key you can hear up to 30 seconds of audio before and including the big play. HondaLink® The Display Audio system with next generation HondaLink allows the customer’s digital lifestyle to seamlessly integrate with the car and provides access to a world of cloud-based information. The all-new application-based platform connects customers to online content both inside and outside the car. The connection between the system and the user’s smartphone is made through the Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® wireless interface. A HondaLink phone app provides convenient access for many services including location searches, local weather, messaging, Maintenance Minder alerts, service scheduling by phone, and access to the vehicle Owners Guide. Siri Eyes Free Adding another new premium feature, Odyssey EX and above integrate Apple’s Siri Eyes Free mode. Compatible iPhone® users will be able to operate Siri through familiar voice commands by pressing and holding the TALK button on the steering wheel when their iPhone is paired via Bluetooth®. Using Eyes Free mode, Siri takes hands-free functionality even further and helps to minimize the potential for distraction by keeping the iOS device’s screen from lighting up. Owners can direct Siri to perform a number of specific tasks while they keep their eyes on the road and their hands on the wheel. Capabilities include: Send text messages and e-mails Read incoming text messages and emails Set up calendar entries, reminders, and alarms Check the weather Turn-by-turn voice navigation (when the audio system is set to Bluetooth® Audio or iPod mode) Sports scores and stock quotes SMS Text Messaging The Odyssey EX and above trims have a standard SMS text message function that can read incoming texts aloud over the audio system, and allow the driver to reply with any of six factory-preset messages. The system works with SMS-capable cell phones utilizing Blackberry or Android operating systems that have an active data plan and the Message Access Profile (MAP) and others. Apple iPhone models do not support this feature, but Siri Eyes Free Mode (iPhone 5, 6 and 7 at time of launch) offers the ability to initiate, hear and respond to text messages via voice commands.   Once a compatible phone is paired with the Odyssey’s Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® system, the user can enable the text messaging function. When the phone receives a text message, an alert appears on the audio touchscreen. Using the touchscreen, the driver can choose to have the message read aloud, can select among the preset reply choices, or can call the sender – all without touching the phone.   To help avoid driver distraction, the text of the incoming message is not displayed on screen unless the transmission is in Park.   Available factory preset text replies: Talk to you later, I’m driving. I’m on my way. I’m running late. OK Yes No Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® The Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® interface is designed to offer hands-free operation for many Bluetooth®-enabled mobile telephones. Standard on all Odyssey models, the system wirelessly connects the driver’s cell phone to the vehicle’s audio system. This allows the driver to make or answer cell phone calls without removing hands from the steering wheel. The system is compatible with Bluetooth®-enabled cell phones that have the Hands Free Profile (HFP). A list of compatible phones can be found at handsfreelink.com or honda.com.  Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® enables audio files to be played through the vehicle’s audio system wirelessly with a feature called Bluetooth® Audio. If a compatible audio device is paired, it allows the Bluetooth® device’s media to be played wirelessly by the audio system. Cell phone devices that support the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) and Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP) 1.3 allow the display of metadata for artist, album and track name on the audio screen. The vehicle’s audio controls for „skip forward” and „skip backward” allow for navigation from track to track. Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System with Voice Recognition and Honda HD Digital Traffic Standard on the Odyssey EX-L NR, Touring and Elite, the integrated Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System uses GPS technology to provide drivers with turn-by-turn guidance to their chosen destination. This all-new navigation system, developed in cooperation with Garmin, offers many improvements, including enhanced graphics, speed limit display, customized vehicle icons, 3D buildings and terrain, turn-by-turn directions displayed in the instrument cluster and more. The system includes free map database updates for up to 5 years (initial purchase plus one yearly update each year for 4 years). The system includes the HD Digital Traffic feature, which alerts the driver to current traffic conditions and can display alternate routes around gridlock. It features expanded coverage including many surface streets within the U.S., allowing the driver to choose faster, less congested routes. HD Digital Traffic is subscription-free. The navigation system can be controlled by voice or through the 8-inch capacitive touch-screen audio display utilizing its tap, pinch and swipe functionality. The voice-activation system can respond to more casual command phrases that require less user familiarization, in addition to the previous capability of being able to understand spoken city and street names. This logic applies to audio functionality of the audio/information screen. The navigation system can also be controlled by voice with conventional navigation commands like, „Find nearest Chinese restaurant” or „find nearest ATM.” The audio system is automatically muted when the „Talk” button is pressed. The voice-recognition technology allows the driver to simply speak city and street names aloud, and the system responds by displaying the matches available in the database. Points of interest on the map – such as restaurants or grocery stores – can be displayed with brand logo icons or you can have the system provide turn-by-turn navigation, all by voice command. The massive point-of-interest (POI) database includes telephone numbers that can be dialed by using the Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® system when the driver’s cellular telephone is connected to the system. The Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System uses GPS in combination with detailed information from the vehicle’s mapping system to pinpoint the vehicle’s location and to provide a host of useful mapping and route guidance features. The system’s antenna receives positioning information from a network of 24 global positioning satellites. If the antenna is obstructed by a tunnel, a parking garage or a tall building, an internal gyroscopic system and a speed sensor track the location of the vehicle so that the map information remains current and reliable. The vehicle clock is independently controlled by GPS data, so when time zones are crossed while driving, the clock will automatically set itself to the current time. Rear Entertainment System (EX-L NR, Touring and Elite) The Odyssey’s available state-of-the-art, factory-integrated Rear Entertainment System (RES) is all new and features a 10.2-inch WSVGA (1024×600) display that swings down from the ceiling for easy viewing with low glare and better second- and third-row viewing. For 2018, the Rear Entertainment System has expanded capability. Using the onboard 4G LTE data network (Touring and Elite) or a paired smartphone (data charges apply), the system offers functionality similar to that of a Smart TV with select content channels. The system includes a High Definition Multimedia Interface (HDMI) port for attaching high-definition players, digital TV devices such as Apple TV or Roku, compatible tablets and certain gaming consoles. A 115-volt power outlet rated for devices up to 150 watts is included, along with a pair of 2.5-amp USB ports. The system’s disc player is located in the center stack of the instrument panel, easily accessible by either the driver or front passenger. The system can play CDs, DVDs. and Blu-ray™ discs. The Rear Entertainment System can play audio via the Odyssey’s speaker system, or through a pair of included wireless headphones. Two additional headphone jacks are also provided. The Rear Entertainment System includes a fun, kid friendly, puppet themed „How Much Farther?” app. It functions as a „flight tracker,” with a colorful on-screen animated marionette play that counts down time and distance to the destination that has been set into the Odyssey’s navigation system. Multiple backgrounds with animation give the app a fun feel that’s engaging for children. Audio Features     LX EX EX-L EX-L NR Touring Elite 150-Watt AM/FM Audio System with 7 Speakers (incl. subwoofer) • • • • • 550-Watt AM/FM Audio System with 11 Speakers (incl. subwoofer) • 5″ LCD Screen • 8″ Display Audio with High-Resolution (720p) Capacitive Color Touch-Screen and Customizable Feature Settings • • • • • Honda Satellite-Linked Navigation System™ with Voice Recognition and Honda HD Digital Traffic • • • 4G LTE Capability • • HondaLink® Next Generation • • • • • HD Radio™ • • • • • SiriusXM® Radio • • • • • Bluetooth® Streaming Audio • • • • • • Apple CarPlay • • • • • Android Auto • • • • • Siri Eyes Free • • • • • MP3/Windows Media® Audio (WMA) Playback Capability • • • • • • Radio Data System (RDS) • • • • • • Speed-Sensitive Volume Control (SVC) • • • • • • Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® • • • • • • SMS Text Message Function • • • • • HondaLink Assist (when paired with compatible phone) • • • • • Rear Entertainment System (Blu-ray™/DVD/CD/streaming) • • • USB Ports and Connectivity Features With up to eight passengers aboard, in the Odyssey, connectivity is key. Based on trim level, the Odyssey has an expanding complement of connectivity features. Connectivity Features   LX EX EX-L EX-L NR Touring Elite 110V (150W) AC (instrument panel) 1 1 1 12-volt outlet (instrument panel) 1 1 1 1 1 1 12-volt outlet (third-row) 1 1 1 12-volt outlet (rear) 1 1 1 1 1 1 USB data+1-amp charge (center console) 1 USB data+2.5-amp charge (center console) 1 1 1 1 1 USB 2.5-amp charge only (center console) 1 1 USB 2.5-amp charge only (rear center console) 2 2 2 2 AUX Input (center console) 1 1 1 1 1 1 HDMI input (rear center console) 1 1 1 Headphone Jacks 2 2 2 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Focus on agriculture is key to ensure that Belt and Road initiative promotes sustainable development Next PostNext Spectrum ASA: Purchase of shares Search Recent Posts Ecopetrol S.A.’S Board of Directors Approves Membership of Committees Thankyou Payroll reaches crowdfunding targets Property Institute welcomes Housing Announcement Cimic expects $82 mln of revenue from Tauranga’s SH2 upgrade Missouri Students Win National Championship in World’s Largest Rocket Contest RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Apple News Apple Rumors iPhone iPad iPod Mac Apple TV Apple Watch About Apple Rumors iPad Share on Facebook It’s possible that the new 10.5-inch iPad to be presented in June Generally, the Apple WWDC 2017 to be held on June 5 at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose (California) will be a software presentation conference. But according to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, Apple could introduce two new products along with the software. His words indicate that there is a 50% chance that the smart speaker with Siri will be announced at the WWDC. For its part, the iPad Pro 10.5 inches would have a 70% chance. This new iPad Pro of 10.5 inches could have a completely new design and many new features in its hardware compared to the current iPad Pro of 9.7 inches. Will Apple Hardware present in WWDC 2017? It is obvious that Apple will present the new versions of the operating systems of its flagship products: iOS 11, macOS 10.13, tvOS 11 and watchOS 4. For now, the details, changes and new features of the new software are unknown but there are some interesting ideas like the arrival of a Night Mode to iOS 11. Since KGI think that Apple will announce the 10.5-inch iPad Pro during WWDC because a mass tablet production is expected during the second quarter of 2017. In addition, a 10.5-inch iPad case from an Apple-affiliated accessory company was recently leaked. According to predictions, Apple could sell 6 million iPad Pro of 10.5 inches this year, focusing on the business and commercial market. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro could come with no side bezels, like the iPhone 8, and a virtual home button built into the display. On the other hand, the Siri smart speaker has been said to have a great audio quality, a touch screen and could be called Siri Speaker. It would not be the first time Apple introduced a new product at a WWDC. In 2012 the company announced the MacBook Pro Retina and in 2013 the Mac Pro. Share on Facebook New Posts You’re going to buy the iPhone 8 no matter what it costs How to know if the second hand iPhone you are buying is stolen The 2 tricks that will make the Control Center not so annoying on your iPhone Related Posts You’re going to buy the iPhone 8 no matter what it costs The iPhone 8 will be the most expensive smartphone of all time TSMC begins production of A11 processor for iPhone 8 new 10.5-inch iPad Previous Article Telefonica and other big companies become victims of a great cyber attack Next Article The 2 tricks that will make the Control Center not so annoying on your iPhone Facebook Twitter © 2017 iFans.com. All Rights Reserved. Web Design List Mag WP Menu Home Apple News Apple Rumors iPhone iPad iPod Mac Apple TV Apple Watch About Join our feeds to automatically receive the latest headlines, news, and information formatted for your club's website or news reader.
Latest News Dow 20,982 +85.33 +0.41% Nasdaq 6,150 +28.44 +0.46% S&P 500 2,402 +11.42 +0.48% 3:08 A.M. ET DCC profit rises 24% for 2017 on good trading 3:07 A.M. ET BTG profit falls even as use of Varithena rises 3:04 A.M. ET Vodafone shares rise 2.6% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET EasyJet shares fall 3.6% after larger-than-expected quarterly loss 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,788.87 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.5% at 5,391.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens down 1 point at 7,453.71 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.2% at 395.26 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why stock-market investors are falling back in love with Europe 2:52 A.M. ET The world leader posing the biggest threat to global economy isn’t Trump 2:50 A.M. ET Inmarsat launches 4th broadband satellite 2:49 A.M. ET Akers Biosciences narrows loss, but revenue falls 2:49 A.M. ET EasyJet loss deepens as Brexit-hit pound bites 2:46 A.M. ET BOJ's Kuroda: Exit from QE should go 'quite well' 2:45 A.M. ET Premier Foods swings to full-year pretax profit 2:33 A.M. ET Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 1:26 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices add to gains, driven by hopes of output-cut extensions 12:36 A.M. ET Ex-U.S. Diplomat Says Trump Administration Lacks North Korea Experience 5/15 Elliott Management revises BHP restructuring plan 5/15 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought By Quentin Fottrell Published: May 15, 2017 9:57 p.m. ET Share The online retailing giant celebrates the 20th anniversary of its IPO on May 15 By QuentinFottrell Personal Finance Editor John Wainwright. The first book purchased on Amazon.com — and its packing slip. Not many people spend $27.95 and get a building named after them. John Wainwright, an Australian software engineer based in Sunnyvale, Calif., did just that. On April 3, 1995, he became Amazon’s AMZN, -0.35%   first non-company customer when he purchased “Fluid Concepts And Creative Analogies: Computer Models Of The Fundamental Mechanisms Of Thought” by Douglas Hofstadter. (It’s still available on Amazon for $33.55 hardcover or $7.80 paperback.) It was not the easiest of orders for Amazon, especially for the company’s very first book sale. “That purchase is still part of my Amazon history,” Wainwright says. MarketWatch spoke with Wainwright about being No. 1 and how he nearly ended up working for Amazon — before the company’s 1997 initial public offering on May 15, 1997. MarketWatch: That was quite a book. Chapter 1 is entitled “To Seek Whence Cometh a Sequence.” It doesn’t look like your average bedtime reading. Wainwright: It wasn’t a John Grisham novel. [Grisham’s “The Rainmaker” made it to the top of the New York Times best seller list in April 1995.] MarketWatch: I may regret asking this, but what was it about? Wainwright: It was a work on artificial intelligence and human cognition modeling. It seemed like a reasonable way of catching up with what was going on around the 1990s. It’s a collection of articles and essays documenting research that Hofstadter and his students were doing at the time, modeling human form. MarketWatch: Where were you when you bought the book? Wainwright: I was a very close friend of the founding engineer of Amazon, and was working at an Apple/IBM joint venture called Kaleida Labs. Shel Kaphan [widely noted as Amazon’s first employee] worked at Kaleida Labs and in 1994 he decided to leave to work on this crazy idea of an online bookstore. We all thought he was crazy to do that. He kept me up to date on what he was doing. He sent me an email and said, ‘Create an account and order some books.’ I thought I was going to get some free books out of it. But they took my credit card and charged it! John Wainwright John Wainwright MarketWatch: I can almost hear the sound of the dial-up now. Wainwright: I used a computer T1 link at our offices in Mountain View, Calif. MarketWatch: As job changes go, that was a smart move by Mr. Kaphan. Wainwright: I keep in touch with him from time to time. He left Amazon with a huge fortune, a ridiculous amount of money. He runs a nonprofit called the Kaphan Foundation. MarketWatch: Did you ever think of joining him at Amazon? Wainwright: There were opportunities to follow Shel to Amazon prior to the IPO. Several of our colleagues at Kaleida followed him there. I went off on a different path and was happy with what I was doing and didn’t want to move my family from Silicon Valley. People often find in life that if they had just turned this way or that that they would have found themselves in a very different situation financially. I’m happy and I’m very happy for Shel and my mates and I have had a comfortable life here. MarketWatch: They must have all made out like bandits. Wainwright: They certainly came out with tens of millions. MarketWatch: Did you buy stock in Amazon? Wainwright: I never did. MarketWatch: So what was your second book bought on Amazon? Wainwright: “The First Thousand Words in Russian.” [Also still available.] We were just in the throes of adopting a daughter from Russia and we thought we should learn some Russian. MarketWatch: And did you adopt her? Wainwright: We adopted her in April 1995. Her name is Marina. She’s now a 24-year-old California girl. She is just finishing up a sociology degree at San Francisco State. I have a son Samuel, who is 26. He is a software engineer and he’s going back to school. He wants to become a history professor. MarketWatch: He’s almost following in his father’s footsteps. Wainwright: He was exposed to the Silicon Valley engineering lifestyle from when he was two or three years old. Even though he fought against it, it was a career path that afforded him comfort. He has a natural ability at programing and software engineering. It’s an easy way for him to subsist while he goes back to school and do the things that he loves — archaeology and history. John Wainwright Wainwright loves to photograph glowing gas clouds millions of light years away. This image is from his Flickr account. MarketWatch: Are you an early adopter? Wainwright: I was on the queue not far behind Steve Wozniak at the Apple Store on June 29, 2007 and I bought two iPhones. I’ve had new iPhones the day they came out — all except one version. I stayed up until midnight on April 10 to order an Apple Watch as well. I’m a geek and an early adopter, for sure. I’m a bit of an Apple fanboy. I bought an Apple Macintosh 128K in August 1984. MarketWatch: Do you still have that? Wainwright: I do. MarketWatch: As an early adopter, are you also an Apple investor? Wainwright: No. I was an employee in 1994, briefly. Kaleida was a joint venture between IBM and Apple put together primarily by John Sculley who had taken over the stewardship of Apple when Steve Jobs left. It was based right in the middle of what is now the Google campus in Mountain View. I sold Apple some technology on object-oriented programing that was used in the Kaleida joint venture. They invited me to come in as an early engineering employee. I was an Apple employee for about two weeks. Then I moved into Kaleida Labs. MarketWatch: Do you use Facebook and Twitter? Wainwright: I haven’t posted anything to them in four or five years, or more. I think Twitter has become much less a “person in the street” tool. It’s a celebrity broadcast medium, it seems to me. As for Facebook, it always seemed very trite to me, the kind of things that were being posted seemed very banal and uninteresting. I was lucky enough to have both my kids ‘friend’ me on Facebook. I see what they do that way. MarketWatch: So what keeps you busy when you’re not working or buying stuff on Amazon? Wainwright: I’m interested in astro photography, shooting pictures of galaxies and nebulae. They’re big glowing gas clouds scattered throughout every galaxy. The ones we can see are all inside the Milky Way galaxy. They’re star factories. And they’re very spectacular. It’s probably the geekiest thing I’ve ever done. It’s an awesome hobby for a geek. You have to know astronomy, mechanics and physics, telescope mounts, and take very long exposures for hours and hours at a time. The skies rotate, so the camera has to be tracked to follow exactly the object you are photographing in the sky so that you get the perfect image and exposure. MarketWatch: It sounds like your time is spent better than walking around with a selfie stick. Wainwright: It involves a lot of mucking around with careful calibration and careful work, a few photons a minute are coming in from these clouds. You need 100 to 200 images, and then you must process them, blend them, reduce noise and enhance various parts of the structure with astronomy-specific exposure programs. It might take me five to eight hours to process a single image. MarketWatch: Did you say hours? Wainwright: The workflow is mind boggling. It’s very fulfilling once it happens and it’s pretty stunning once you get the shots. I’ve never had a pastime that’s more geeky than this. If you have a slightly artistic eye, it fits beautifully as well. MarketWatch: What will you do with the images you’ve created? Wainwright: You can exhibit them. NASA picks an astro photo of the day and posts them on APOD.com. I know a guy who’s been picked I don’t know how many times. I’m not at that stage yet. I post pictures and exchange them with my colleagues with this hobby. In South Bay, there are about 30 or 40 astro image photographers. MarketWatch: How many miles away are these clouds? Wainwright: They’re toward the middle of the galaxy, about 50 million or 100 million light years away. They’re quite big, about seven or eight moons across. If you could see them in the night sky, they’d be quite stunning but they just don’t send us enough light. There’s a lot of light pollution in cities. You can usually only see very few stars. There are just not enough photons coming from these gas clouds to expose them with the naked eye. MarketWatch: Speaking of stars, are you going to the new “Star Wars” movie when it comes out later this year? Wainwright: Absolutely. My plan is to take my engineering team to see it. The vice president of engineering of Kaleida Labs took us all out to see another seminal film, the original “Jurassic Park.” I plan to do that with this “Star Wars.” It’s the first Star Wars with J.J. Abrams’s hand. George Lucas kind of lost it for the prequels. I want to see what J.J. will do with Disney’s money and the “Stars Wars” brand. MarketWatch: Finally, what’s the last thing you purchased on Amazon? Wainwright: I am an Amazon Prime customer. I use it for just about anything and everything that I cannot be bothered to walk out to a store to find — cooking supplies and books, although I’m not buying as many physical books these days. I just bought a kitchen scale, some batteries for my digital camera, a set of lights for a photography studio, Cuisinart food processor. I have been buying stuff on Amazon at least once a week, if not more frequently. MarketWatch: And do you use eBay to sell it when you’re done? Wainwright: I’m a hoarder. I very rarely sell my stuff. I have a big storage unit in San Jose. Either that, or if it’s run its course, I’ll donate it to goodwill. MarketWatch: Do you still have the Douglas Hofstadter book? Wainwright: I have it on my bookshelf over here. I could have sworn that I had gotten rid of it. I’m waiting for Jeff Bezos to come and offer me a large amount of money for it. There’s a building on the Seattle campus named after me. [Amazon’s Wainwright office building is located on 535 Terry Avenue North in Seattle.] MarketWatch: This will sound like a very Oprah thing to say, but how did that make you feel? Wainwright: It’s a curious distinction. It’s a series of coincidences. They didn’t have the book in their stock and the story goes that Jeff Bezos didn’t want to delay the fulfillment and he went charging around bookstores himself to find a copy to send it off in time. Whether that’s true or not, it’s a small testament to his energy and drive that he got it. (This story was republished to mark the 20th anniversary of Amazon’s IPO on May 15, 1997.) Read: This handyman earned $14,000 in the last 30 days More from MarketWatch This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Trump Again Complicates Story on Comey Firing With Comey Fired, What Happens to Russia Probe? Quote References AMZN -3.38 -0.35% Most Popular This chart makes Apple, Facebook and Alphabet look like one-trick ponies The stock-market storm is coming—but the reason might surprise investors This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought This is the new American dream Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.63% 30 yr fixed 3.93% 15 yr fixed 3.12% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 3.92% 15 yr fixed refi 3.14% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.28% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.89% $75K HELOC 4.89% $100K HELOC 4.65% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.24% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.67% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.9% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.21% 48 Mo Used Car 3.17% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.34% 48 Mo New Car 3.2% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.66% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.88% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $957.97 -3.38 (-0.35%) Volume 4.2M Open $958.73 High $963.15 Low $956.06 P/E Ratio 180.26 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 459.5B
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH 16 terabytes of RAM should be enough for anyone. Wait. What? Nutanix, IBM hug each other in Power pity party WTH? Veeam retires one CEO, two pop up in his place Google Cloud boss to speak at ... hang on, Nutanix conference? Behold, auto-completing Android bug reports – because you're not very thorough Linus Torvalds stops personally signing Linux kernel RC tarballs For now, GNU GPL is an enforceable contract, says US federal judge 'Judge Java' to sueball-slinging smut studio: Test your pirate-hunting tools or walk the plank DocuSign forged – crooks crack email system and send nasties Romney tax return 'hacker' Dr Evil gets his sentence reviewed Good news, OpenVPN fans: Your software's only a little bit buggy While Microsoft griped about NSA exploit stockpiles, it stockpiled patches: Friday's WinXP fix was built in February Partners? With them? No way, says HPE of Nutanix How do ransomware scum decide what to charge you? The Big Mac index Intel gives Xeon a makeover to bring us colour-coded clouds Are you ready to transform? Wave of DevOps, Containers, CD expertise heads for London CyberArk splashes $42m on DevOps security whizz Conjur Servers as pets or cattle was 2012. Now it's McMansions or Hotels Don't waste your energy on Docker, it says here – wait, that can't be right... Policy The Channel German court set to rule on legality of IP address harvesting Australia considers joining laptops-on-planes ban Intel, Samsung join Apple, FTC firing squad against rival Qualcomm Lib Dems pledge to end 'Orwellian' snooping powers in manifesto DeX Station: Samsung's Windows-killer is ready for prime time Samsung was just Tizen – homegrown Linux again pitched at n00bs Sweaty fitness bands fall behind as Apple Watch outpaces sales Microsoft's Windows 10 ARM-twist comes closer with first demonstration Geek's Guide Vigorous tiny vibrations help our universe swell, say particle boffins NASA nixes Trump's moonshot plan Japanese researchers spin up toilet paper gyroscopes for science Warm, wet, mysterious... sound familiar? Ah, yes, you've heard of this second Neptune, too Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Google DeepMind's 1.6m UK medical record slurp 'legally inappropriate' Uber red-faced from Waymo legal row judge's repeated slapping Volvo is letting Android 'take over underlying car software' – report Never mind custody decisions, let's AI up our police cars Verity Stob Ireland to make revenge porn, cyberstalking criminal acts Blighty bloke: PC World lost my Mac Mini – and trolled my blog! Giant spawn hammer on Antarctica map. Thanks, Google Waze Have a go with this WW2 German Lorenz cipher machine – in your browser 96 Security Comey was loathed by the left, reviled by the right – must have been doing something right Three years of the US's top cop in action 13 May 2017 at 15:03, Iain Thomson Analysis The firing of FBI Director James Comey came as a shock to almost everyone, not least to the man himself. Comey was addressing FBI students in Los Angeles when the television behind him flashed up the news of President Trump's decision to give him his marching papers. Comey reportedly saw this and laughed, congratulating his audience on pulling off a clever prank, before his staff broke the bad news. The move has ignited a political firestorm on both the left and the right, and Comey has found some very unlikely supporters on both sides of the fence. Most surprising of all was the statement from the Electronic Frontier Foundation. "We have deep concerns about President Trump's firing of FBI Director James Comey. We disagreed with the director on many issues, including his consistent push for backdoors into our electronic communications and devices and a general weakening of encryption, which is crucial to protecting Americans' privacy and security," said Dave Green, the EFF's director of civil liberties. "But we are deeply troubled about Director Comey's termination and what it says about the independence of the office and its ability to conduct fair investigations, including into threats to our digital security and the integrity of our elections." Green's being polite; Comey's name was largely dirt at the EFF. The former director's continuing efforts to institute backdoor encryption systems (or front door them as he liked to call it) infuriated those people who know a thing or six about encryption. It wasn't always that way. When Comey assumed office, he tried to reassure the technology community, saying that "security has promoted liberty, there's not a tradeoff." However, that soon went out the window. The worm turns Within months, Comey had begun his crusade against encryption, blaming Apple for introducing full-disk encryption and using his long-repeated line that the police were stymied by criminals' communications "going dark" for the Feds. What spurred this move towards full-disk encryption was the government's own actions. After Edward Snowden's revelations about the extent of government surveillance, people got a lot more demanding about encryption. Apple's decision was both an excellent marketing move and was born of Cupertino's concerns on the topic. Ironically enough, Comey actually tried to oppose the NSA's bulk surveillance practices when he was Deputy Attorney General during the GW Bush administration. While some Republican appointees – notably the torture-supporting White House counsel Alberto Gonzales – supported mass surveillance, Comey actively fought against it, according to people at the time. However when he got to the FBI and saw how tough encryption was making things for his staff, Comey began to play hardball. This culminated in the legal case against Apple over the encryption on the San Bernardino terrorist's remaining iPhone. The shooter destroyed all of his computers and all but one of his mobile phones, leaving his work phone untouched. The FBI took Apple to court to make them build a version of their operating system that could be cracked by the cops, after the FBI bungled the original examination of the device. Apple won that one and Comey appeared to back down for a while. He declared a moratorium, saying he'd wait until after the election and then have an "adult conversation," about the matter – a phrase that riled up Reg writers. Hackers harshing his buzz Another of Comey's preoccupations was the need to recruit more talent to the FBI's computing teams. The director was frustrated with the lack of qualified applicants looking to join the side of law and order, and constantly moaned that people weren't willing to serve in the agency. A Department of Justice report in 2015 found that staffing levels in the cybercrime division were 38 per cent down on what they should be. Comey repeatedly whined that they couldn't find hackers who had the skills, physical fitness, and drug-free status that the FBI needs for its agents. To illustrate this, he made frequent allusions to people turning up to interviews stoned. In fact, the reason the FBI has trouble hiring cyber-Sherlocks is its employment practices. In order to join the Fed's hacking squad, recruits have to go through the full FBI agent training in firearms, operational practices, physical fitness and case law. Only then can they get to work. That's not an attractive option for a computer security specialist, particularly with high-paying jobs aplenty in private industry where your boss wouldn't care too much if you had long hair or piercings, and wouldn't have an overly rigid view about people getting into work at 0800 sharp, so long as the work gets done. And yes, many hackers enjoy a doobie once in a while (although LSD microdosing is apparently this year's thing). But Comey's constant harping on the topic pissed off a fair few people. At last year's DEF CON, several hackers resented the insinuation that computer jocks are automatically druggies, which didn't help Comey's cause. Email ineptitude The FBI was originally the hero of the Republicans when it began a protracted investigation into Hillary Clinton's infamous home web server. There was a steady drip of information from the investigation that was a constant thorn in Clinton's side, much to Donald Trump's delight. It was also Comey's undoing. His announcement on July 5, 2016 that he wasn't going to recommend prosecution caused an immediate flip-flop by Trump. The director was reviled for his lack of action and it was this decision that was ultimately named as the reason for his dismissal on Tuesday. He was back in favor in October when he reopened the investigation into Hillary's emails, just 11 days before voters were due to go to the polls. The reason was an FBI investigation into disgraced ex-politician Anthony Weiner, who was married to top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. The aptly-named Weiner had lost his political career over sexting pictures of himself to women other than his wife, which cost him his seat in the House of Representatives, his bid to become mayor of New York, and ultimately his marriage. He was also accused of similar habits with a 15 year-old girl, and the FBI was concerned that his laptop contained Clinton emails forwarded by his wife. With the announcement that the investigation was restarting, Republicans were ecstatic. Trump said the decision showed "guts," while Democrats were driven to spittle-flecked rage at what was seen as a politically motivated announcement. Comey had been a registered Republican – he cancelled that affiliation when he got the top job at the FBI. As it turned out, there were only a handful of emails that were forwarded through to Weiner's laptop, although it took the FBI far too long to sort that out. Clinton was once again in the clear, but she had taken a hit in the polls that some Democrats blamed for her losing the election – although running one of the most unlikeable and flawed candidates in the party's history coupled with pathetic campaigning in key states surely had more to do with it. After the election Comey looked golden, and appeared to enjoy a good relationship with Donald Trump. Democrats still cried foul, however with Trump getting his feet under the table in the White House, there was little that could be done. Next page: The honeymoon is over Page: 1 2 Next → Tips and corrections 96 Comments MORE Congress Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register FBI, NSA top brass: We've seen jack squat to back up Trump's claims of Obama wiretaps Vid Meanwhile, potential Russian campaign links probed 18 Comments NSA pulls plug on some email spying before Congress slaps it down Updated Curious time to stop listening to Americans talking about foreigners, eh, Donald? 24 Comments FBI boss James Comey was probing Trump's team for Russia links. You're fired, says Donald President treats America like an episode of The Apprentice 163 Comments Thanks, Obama: NSA to stream raw intelligence into FBI, DEA and pals Gee, what a lovely parting gift by outgoing US prez 53 Comments US Congress to NSA: How many Americans do you illegally spy on? NSA: It's hard to tell. Now could you reauthorize our authority to keep doing it? 31 Comments We're spying on you for your own protection, says NSA, FBI Except we're not, of course, because that would be illegal 34 Comments Whitepapers Secure Mobile Development Best Practices Covering the vulnerabilities hackers might use to launch an attack, and remediation tips that you can use to build security into your app. Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. High Availability Next Generation Firewall Learn how these securit ysolutions maintain&nbsp;network defenses while building in scalability to adapt&nbsp;as the business evolves—and making downtime a memory. Moving Beyond User Names and Passwords Move beyond user names and passwords, and see how a multi-factor authentication solution for on premises and cloud apps provides both security and simplest administration possible. Most read Microsoft to spooks: WannaCrypt was inevitable, quit hoarding Ransomware scum have already unleashed kill-switch-free WannaCry‬pt‪ variant DeX Station: Samsung's Windows-killer is ready for prime time Linus Torvalds stops personally signing Linux kernel RC tarballs Sophos waters down 'NHS is totally protected' by us boast Spotlight 3D printing and drones are the tech del día at Spanish startup fiesta Speaking in Tech: Hacking Microsoft Windows? That's cute Machine vs. machine battle has begun to de-fraud the internet of lies Security co-operation unlikely to change post Brexit, despite threats More fun in the sandbox: Experts praise security improvements to Edge UK vuln 'fessing pilot's great but who's going to give a FoI? MAC randomization: A massive failure that leaves iPhones, Android mobes open to tracking Next Generation Security: No, Dorothy, there is no magic wand Sponsored links Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
FOCUS TAIWAN CNA | Español | フォーカス台湾 | Mobile | Business | Publications | Service | Photos japanese español Latest MSCI cuts Taiwan's weighting in equity indexes Taiwan shares close down 0.05% 46% of vendors, shops sell cigarettes to minors under 18: survey MSCI adds Taiwan High Speed Rail, GlobalWafers to global indexes U.S. dollar lower in Taipei trading Politics Ex-President Chen Shui-bian must apply to attend dinner: minister Taiwan making last-gasp effort to have its case heard at WHA Infrastructure bill passes new review Diplomatic allies helping Taiwan push for WHA bid: MOFA MOFA decries decision to bar Taiwanese media from WHA meeting Cross-Strait Most Taiwanese blame Taiwan's WHA exclusion on Beijing: survey China opts out of Taipei Universiade team events China accused of blocking Taiwan from attending most WHO meetings Taiwan-China relations cold, confrontational: Ma Ying-jeou China accused of blocking Taiwan's WHA participation Economics MSCI cuts Taiwan's weighting in equity indexes Taiwan shares close down 0.05% MSCI adds Taiwan High Speed Rail, GlobalWafers to global indexes U.S. dollar lower in Taipei trading Taiwan shares open nearly flat Entertainment & Sports President Tsai expresses condolences over death of comedian Comedian Chu Ke-liang is dead at 70 British musician Ed Sheeran to start Asian tour with Taipei concert Men's 4x400 relay team set new national record at college games Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Science & Technology XP to Win8 most susceptible to ransonware attacks: institute WannaCry ransomware hits schools in Taiwan Vice president sees Asian Silicon Valley plan as key to the future Hospital computer hit by ransomware Taiwan can become Asia's biotech hub: vice president Culture After 65 years, The China Post goes paperless Selection begins for 9th President's Cultural Awards Over 100 celebrities join campaign against homophobia Minister departs for Italy for cultural visit Taiwan to develop religious map app catering to foreign netizens Society 46% of vendors, shops sell cigarettes to minors under 18: survey Heavy rain warning issued for all parts of Taiwan proper Magnitude 5.7 earthquake off Taitung early Tuesday New rule to require senior drivers to renew license every 3 years Winning numbers of Monday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE What the Papers Say Feature Business Services International Communities Latest MSCI cuts Taiwan's weighting in equity indexes Taiwan shares close down 0.05% 46% of vendors, shops sell cigarettes to minors under 18: survey MSCI adds Taiwan High Speed Rail, GlobalWafers to global indexes U.S. dollar lower in Taipei trading Politics Ex-President Chen Shui-bian must apply to attend dinner: minister Taiwan making last-gasp effort to have its case heard at WHA Infrastructure bill passes new review Diplomatic allies helping Taiwan push for WHA bid: MOFA MOFA decries decision to bar Taiwanese media from WHA meeting Cross-Strait Most Taiwanese blame Taiwan's WHA exclusion on Beijing: survey China opts out of Taipei Universiade team events China accused of blocking Taiwan from attending most WHO meetings Taiwan-China relations cold, confrontational: Ma Ying-jeou China accused of blocking Taiwan's WHA participation Economics MSCI cuts Taiwan's weighting in equity indexes Taiwan shares close down 0.05% MSCI adds Taiwan High Speed Rail, GlobalWafers to global indexes U.S. dollar lower in Taipei trading Taiwan shares open nearly flat Entertainment & Sports President Tsai expresses condolences over death of comedian Comedian Chu Ke-liang is dead at 70 British musician Ed Sheeran to start Asian tour with Taipei concert Men's 4x400 relay team set new national record at college games Top badminton stars to defend titles in Taiwan next month Science & Technology XP to Win8 most susceptible to ransonware attacks: institute WannaCry ransomware hits schools in Taiwan Vice president sees Asian Silicon Valley plan as key to the future Hospital computer hit by ransomware Taiwan can become Asia's biotech hub: vice president Culture After 65 years, The China Post goes paperless Selection begins for 9th President's Cultural Awards Over 100 celebrities join campaign against homophobia Minister departs for Italy for cultural visit Taiwan to develop religious map app catering to foreign netizens Society 46% of vendors, shops sell cigarettes to minors under 18: survey Heavy rain warning issued for all parts of Taiwan proper Magnitude 5.7 earthquake off Taitung early Tuesday New rule to require senior drivers to renew license every 3 years Winning numbers of Monday's Taiwan lotteries Travel Basic Shopping Food and dining Accommodation Sightseeing MORE Talk of the Day Taiwan Editorial Abstracts Feature Business Services International Communities MSCI cuts Taiwan's weighting in equity indexes Taiwan shares close down 0.05% 46% of vendors, shops sell cigarettes to minors un... MSCI adds Taiwan High Speed Rail, GlobalWafers to ... U.S. dollar lower in Taipei trading Tuesday's front pages Taoyuan Airport MRT Home > Economics Back to list Taiwan shares end above 10,000 points 2017/05/15 16:41:26 (CNA file photo) Taipei, May 15 (CNA) Shares in Taiwan ended above the 10,000-point mark Monday as select Apple concept stocks steamed ahead, helping the broader market stand above the critical level for the second time in three sessions, dealers said. However, turnover remained moderate, with many investors staying on the sidelines, watching closely whether foreign investors will keep moving funds into the region amid rising concerns over a possible interest rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve, the dealers said. The weighted index on the Taiwan Stock Exchange closed up 50.00 points, or 0.50 percent, at the day's high of 10,036.82, off an early low of 9,978.28, on turnover of NT$86.71 billion (US$2.87 billion). The market opened down 8.54 points on follow-through selling from a session earlier in reflection of a lackluster Wall Street, where the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 0.11 percent on Friday due to disappointing retail sales data, the dealers said. The main board soon regained its footing, led by large-cap stocks in the Apple Inc. supply chain, in particular the iPhone and iPad assembler Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. (鴻海), while buying also spread to the non-high-tech sector, in which relatively low valuations attracted bargain hunters, they said. The weighted index breached the 10,000-point mark again in the mid-morning session Monday and the strength continued into the end of trading. The local main board closed above 10,000 points on May 11 for the first time in 17 years before falling back below that level in the following session. Before May 11, the weighted index breached that level several times but failed to sustain the strength until the end. "After repeatedly challenging 10,000 points to digest selling in recent sessions, it seemed that the local main board stood well above that level today on the back of strong interest in Hon Hai and other Apple suppliers," equity market analyst Vickie Hsieh said. Hon Hai was one of the gaining Apple concept stocks amid lingering optimism toward its bottom line for the second half of this year, when the U.S. consumer electronics giant will launch the next-generation iPhones, Hsieh said. Hon Hai, the second-most-heavily weighted stock in Taiwan, gained 1.46 percent to close at NT$104.00 with 32.63 million shares changing hands. The stock also benefited from a proposal to issue NT$4.5 in cash dividends for its 2016 earnings to shareholders, the highest cash dividend level in the company's history. Among other Apple concept stocks, which were boosted by a record high in the U.S. firm's share price on Friday, metal casing supplier Catcher Technology Co. (可成) rose 3.61 percent to close at NT$330.50, while Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the most heavily weighted stock here, took a pause from a recent rally to end unchanged at NT$206.00. In the financial sector, which gained 0.62 percent on bargain hunting, Cathay Financial Holding Co. (國泰金) rose 1.32 percent to close at NT$49.80, and Fubon Financial Holding Co. (富邦金) added 0.74 percent to end at NT$47.95. "Despite the gains, today's turnover was moderate, so I expect the local index will continue to move higher but at a mild pace, since foreign fund inflows could become slow at a time of a rate hike cycle of the Fed," Hsieh said. Hsieh said that the market fears that the Fed will raise its key interest rates in June, when the next policymaking meeting is planned, after the U.S. central bank has anticipated that the U.S. economy will grow at a faster pace for the rest of this year after a slow first quarter. (By Frances Huang) ENDITEM/J Ratings： average rating 0 star(s) Focus Taiwan Fanpage Others 05/16 14:46 MSCI cuts Taiwan's weighting in equity indexes 05/16 13:44 Taiwan shares close down 0.05% 05/16 12:52 MSCI adds Taiwan High Speed Rail, GlobalWafers to global indexes 05/16 10:11 U.S. dollar lower in Taipei trading 05/16 09:06 Taiwan shares open nearly flat Most Viewed 05/12 21:49 Taiwan postpones visa-free privileges for Philippine visitors 05/13 21:56 High speed train runs on wrong track, first time ever 05/15 17:34 Julie Kuo: first woman of Taiwanese descent in Miss USA 2017 05/15 08:27 Comedian Chu Ke-liang is dead at 70 05/15 14:24 Heavy rain warning issued for 10 cities, counties in Taiwan Photos Video Taiwanese lesbian film wins Berlin award Facebook Banner The Central News Agency | About Us | Contact Us
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Maps Transit Directions Now Available in Adelaide, Australia Monday May 15, 2017 6:37 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple Maps has been updated with comprehensive transit data in Adelaide, Australia, enabling iPhone users in the city to navigate with public transportation, primarily including Adelaide Metro buses and commuter trains. Apple Maps gained a Transit tab in iOS 9. The feature lags several years behind Google Maps, but Apple's public transportation support is exhaustive, mapping all station entrances and listing departure times. At launch, the feature was limited to Baltimore, Berlin, Boston, Chicago, London, Los Angeles, Mexico City, New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Sydney, Toronto, and over 300 cities in China. Since then, Apple has been working to expand support for public transportation to other cities around the world. Newer additions include Atlanta, Columbus, Dallas, Denver, Detroit, Honolulu, Houston, Kansas City, Manchester, Melbourne, Miami, Minneapolis–Saint Paul, Montréal, New Orleans, Paris, Portland, Pittsburgh, Prague, Rio de Janeiro, Sacramento, Salt Lake City, San Antonio, San Diego, Seattle, and Vancouver, B.C. A complete list of cities that support Transit in Apple Maps is available on the iOS Feature Availability page of Apple's website. (Thanks, Bernd!) Tags: Australia, Apple Maps, transit 14 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Aluminum213 17 hours ago at 06:40 am By 2020 Apple maps will finally be a 2010 google maps level Rating: 7 Votes alphaod 17 hours ago at 06:46 am Is it just me or does Apple Maps still kind of suck? I mean I used to think Bing Maps was bad, but Apple Maps is a whole another level. Often the POIs in Google Maps and Bing Maps cannot be found in Apple Maps. That's just useless. Rating: 4 Votes IGI2 16 hours ago at 08:21 am By 2020 Apple maps will finally be a 2010 google maps level Exactly, and people can't constantly excuse Apple that it's worse because it started later. If you enter the game, be a man and beef up, burn some money to catch up. That's how business work. If you keep lagging behind don't blame people for telling you're in a tail of this race. Rating: 2 Votes vertical smile 14 hours ago at 09:39 am Maps has got me lost or taken me to places that do not exist I don't trust it anymore probably the one thing in iOS I still don't like. Just this morning, I was going to a doctor appointment in Baltimore. The last time I used Waze, without any issues. I started to use Waze when I left my home, but decided to switch to Apple Maps since I was using my Wife's car which has CarPlay. I was first suspicious when the arrive time was different by four minutes, but still used Apple Maps. I should have known better, as Apple Maps placed me a few blocks away from where I needed to go. I quickly had my wife open up Waze, and it brought me exactly where I needed to be. Rating: 2 Votes dominiongamma 17 hours ago at 07:34 am Apple maps looks so dated now compaired to google visual wise Rating: 1 Votes dominiongamma 16 hours ago at 07:58 am Exploit why please? Although Google Maps database is a lot better their interface is one of my least favorite on my whole damn iPhone. Maps has got me lost or taken me to places that do not exist I don't trust it anymore probably the one thing in iOS I still don't like. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple Seeking Programming Chief to Lead Video Efforts 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple is looking for a programming chief, suggesting the company is serious about delving further into original programming, reports The Information. In its search to find someone to lead its... 25 comments Future Apple Watch Rumored to Include Glucose Monitoring and Smart Bands 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple is planning major new health features for future versions of the Apple Watch, according to a new report from BGR citing sources with knowledge of Apple's plans. The company is said to... 107 comments Apple Releases New 'Barbers' iPhone 7 Plus Ad Promoting Portrait Mode 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new iPhone 7 Plus ad on its YouTube channel, once again promoting the Portrait Mode feature of its flagship device. The spot takes place in a barbershop, with photos from... 54 comments Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 With Headphones Audio Fix and Enhanced Mac App Store Compatibility 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released macOS Sierra 10.12.5, the fifth update to the macOS Sierra operating system that first launched in September of 2016. macOS Sierra 10.12.5 comes more than one month after the... 111 comments Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today released iOS 10.3.2 to the public, following several weeks of testing and four betas. iOS 10.3.2 comes six weeks after the release of iOS 10.3, a major update that introduced a new Find... 155 comments Apple Says New Piazza Liberty Store in Milan, Italy With Waterfall Entrance is Coming Soon 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today announced that it will soon open a new retail store at Piazza Liberty, or Liberty Square, in Milan, Italy. As revealed in city planning documents earlier this year, the store will... 67 comments New Apple Park Drone Video Recaps Construction Progress Made Over the Past Year 1 day ago on Front Page Drone videographer Matthew Roberts today uploaded a new video about Apple Park, this time showcasing the construction progress that Apple has made on its new campus over the past year. The video... 49 comments Apple Acquires 'Dark Data' Machine Learning Company Lattice Data 3 days ago on Front Page Apple recently paid around $200 million to acquire Lattice Data, a firm that aims to turn unstructured "dark data" such as text and images into structured data that can then be handled... 68 comments • Ming-Chi Kuo Says Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5" iPad Pro and Touchscreen Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC (239) • iPhone 8 Predicted to Cost $999 For 128GB And $1,099 For 256GB, With No 32GB Model (671) • Apple Awards Corning First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment (83) • Apple Launches New Website and Videos Featuring iPhone 7 Photography Tutorials [Updated] (75) • Apple to Announce Amazon Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC (203) • Apple Watch Able to Detect Abnormal Heart Rhythm With 97% Accuracy (80) • Apple to Start Offering iTunes on the Windows Store (157)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Dyna Knight' is an Endless Runner With Perhaps Too Many Bombs 'Payday Crime War' Gets First Trailer and Supposedly Will Be "Out Soon" 'Death Road to Canada' Is Featured on 'Designated Survivor' Season 1 Crescent Moon's 'Subdivision Infinity' Releases on May 25th Latest 'Clash of Clans' 'Captain's Log' Update Teaser Is Trolling Everyone 'Quantum Revenge' 1.1 Update Bringing New Weapons and More in Update Next Week YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Companies Apple Inc. Won't Buy Apple shouldn't drop tens of billions of dollars to buy a major video game publisher. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 15, 2017 at 10:15AM On May 5, analyst Jim Suva (via CNBC) talked about potential merger and acquisition targets that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could pursue. On the list were media companies, video game companies, and a well-known electric-vehicle maker. The three video game companies listed were, of course, the three major publicly traded companies: Activision Blizzard (NASDAQ:ATVI), Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:EA), and Take-Two Interactive (NASDAQ:TTWO). Image source: Apple. To the analyst's credit, he didn't assign a particularly high probability to Apple buying any one of these three video game publishers -- just 10%. However, I'd like to argue that those odds are way too high. Here's why. Apple cares about gaming, but... I can see where this speculation comes from; Apple has indicated increasing interest in potentially developing its own content (and signing exclusivity deals for some third-party content). Having compelling, internally developed, and exclusive content is one way that platform companies like Apple can try to increase the stickiness of their platforms. This model has worked for Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), which has been extremely successful in attracting and retaining viewers with its internally developed content, and exclusive content is a time-honored tradition for the major game console vendors, too. It's not surprising that Apple would be interested in exclusive TV/music content, nor would it be surprising to see Apple dabble in building exclusive gaming content for its platforms as mobile gaming is quite popular. Indeed, Apple clearly cares about gaming on its iOS platforms considering that it endows its mobile processors with powerful graphics processors, and it has invested very heavily in its custom Metal graphics programming interface. However, I don't think that buying large game publishers that make much of their money from selling titles targeted at game consoles (i.e., not iOS devices) would make much strategic sense. Remember, Apple's only truly important gaming platform is iOS (macOS is not a reasonable gaming platform), so any gaming-related acquisitions would need to be done with the explicit aim of developing great mobile games designed for the iOS platform. Would Apple even need to buy a studio? If Apple were to try to buy its way into the game industry, it'd probably be better served by buying a smaller studio with a track record of developing compelling mobile-first games than one of the major game publishers. However, what'd probably be a better move for Apple would be to build up its own game studio (e.g., "Apple Game Studios"), staff it with industry veterans, and let them go wild in building great titles. Such a studio under Apple would be unique in that it wouldn't be building games explicitly to make money from selling games (Apple ought to offer them for free with the purchase of an iOS device), but it would be focused on building games simply to create great games that help keep users anchored to the iOS platform. The talent to build great games is out there, so the only reason that Apple ought to outright buy a studio would be to gain access to valuable intellectual properties that it would want to make exclusive to its platforms. There's merit to that strategy, but probably unnecessary. In a nutshell, it simply wouldn't make sense for Apple to drop tens of billions of dollars to buy major game publishers to support internal game development efforts, if that's something it ultimately wants to pursue.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Activision Blizzard, Apple, Netflix, and Take-Two Interactive. The Motley Fool recommends Electronic Arts. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 15, 2017 at 10:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $160.02 down $0.79 (-0.49%) Electronic Arts NASDAQ:EA $110.90 up $1.81 (1.66%) Take-Two Interactive NASDAQ:TTWO $69.27 up $1.29 (1.90%) Activision Blizzard NASDAQ:ATVI $56.41 up $0.40 (0.71%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Companies Apple Inc. Won't Buy @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $NFLX, $EA, $TTWO, $ATVI
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why You Won't Be Able to Buy an Apple Inc. iPhone 8 With 32GB of Storage This Fool explains why Apple's reported move to not build a 32GB iPhone 8 makes perfect sense. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 15, 2017 at 9:30AM Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in three different storage configurations: 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB. It's widely expected that the company's upcoming iPhone 7s and 7s Plus will also be offered with similar storage configurations to the current iPhone 7-series phones. However, according to a note from analyst Simona Jankowski (by way of MacRumors), Apple's premium iPhone 8 won't come in a 32GB configuration; it'll be available only in 128GB and 256GB configurations. Image source: Apple. Here's why what Jankowski says makes perfect business sense. iPhone 8 needs to be expensive It's clear that the upcoming iPhone 8 is being positioned as a "premium" alternative to the standard iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. What this means is that the iPhone 8 will have features -- such as an OLED display and 3D sensing technology -- that simply wouldn't fit in the cost and margin structure that the selling prices of the standard iPhone models command. Apple has historically used higher storage tiers as a relatively straightforward way to improve iPhone average selling prices, since each incremental storage tier adds about $100 to the selling price of the phone. It's also employed this strategy to improve iPhone gross profit margin, since the incremental cost of the additional storage is generally less than $100. If Apple were to offer, say, a 32GB version of the iPhone 8, it'd have two obvious choices on pricing. It could either start the 32GB model at $999 and move up from there, or Apple could offer the 32GB version at a lower price than the rumored $999 starting price for the OLED iPhone -- say, $899. The problem with going with the latter option would be twofold: To the extent that customers choose an $899 OLED iPhone with 32GB of storage versus an $869 iPhone 7s Plus with 128GB of memory, Apple might lose out as the raw gross-margin dollars on the OLED iPhone might be lower than those on the iPhone 7s Plus. Apple would be giving up on what I call the "implicit upsell" to a 128GB model in opting for an OLED iPhone 8; in other words, individuals who normally wouldn't pay extra for a higher-than-32GB storage tier but really want all the cool features of the iPhone 8 will pay up. In addition to simple margin and upsell arguments, there's the simple fact that the iPhone 8 is very likely going to be pushed as a premium device, and that will fundamentally be part of its appeal. Indeed, the very fact that the iPhone 8 will represent the very best iPhone available to the public and that only customers who pay for the privilege to have the premium iPhone could make it more attractive to a certain subset of the customer base that views smartphones as fashion accessories or luxury items. A final thought In addition to all that, there's the simple fact that the customers who are likely to be wooed by the technological and aesthetic advances are probably more likely to be heavy users of their phones. That means their storage needs are likely to be greater than those of, say, the average smartphone  buyer -- or even the average iPhone buyer. Thus, a 32GB version of the iPhone 8 would probably be a relatively niche product, and it probably wouldn't be worth the added supply-chain complexity to bring it to market.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 15, 2017 at 9:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why You Won't Be Able to Buy an Apple Inc. iPhone 8 With 32GB of Storage @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content QuickTime for Windows 10 By Martin Brinkmann on May 15, 2017 in Windows - Last Update:May 15, 2017 7 Apple QuickTime is not officially available for Windows 10, as Apple stopped support for Windows back in January 2016. While QuickTime is not supported officially anymore, it is still possible to install QuickTime on devices running Windows 10 or older versions of Windows. This guide walks you through the steps of installing QuickTime for Windows 10, lists concerns in regards to that, and provides you with alternatives that you may use instead. The official download page of Apple QuickTime for Windows is still up, and the latest version released is QuickTime 7.7.9 for Windows. Apple notes on the page that "QuickTime 7 for Windows is no longer supported by Apple". The system requirements on the official download page mention Windows 7 and Vista only when it comes to requirements, and not newer versions of Windows. Note: Before you download or install QuickTime on Windows, make sure you read the concerns section below as it highlights why it is not a good idea to do so. QuickTime for Windows 10 To get QuickTime on a device running Windows 10, you'd have to download the software from the Apple Support website linked above. Simply click on the download button to start the download of the QuickTime installer. Once it has been downloaded, click on QuickTimeInstaller.exe to run it on your system. I suggest that you select custom installation during setup to get more control over the installation process. Note that QuickTime Essentials and QuickTime Player are selected by default, and that the three optional features QuickTime Web Plug-in, QuickTime Picture Viewer, and QuickTime for Java are not. These are usually not required anymore, but if you need the functionality that these legacy plugins offer you may select those on the custom installation screen. Some browsers don't support these plugins anymore already (Chrome and Edge for instance), while others will stop support this year (Firefox). For users who need QuickTime for video editing software or other software that requires it, it is usually enough to install QuickTime Essentials. If that is the case, remove the checkmark from QuickTime Player as it is not needed. QuickTime Concerns QuickTime for Windows is no longer updated by Apple. First vulnerabilities were discovered just months after Apple announced support end for QuickTime on Windows. The situation has not changed, and it is likely that new vulnerabilities may have been discovered. If you run QuickTime on a Windows PC, that PC becomes vulnerable and attackers may exploit those security vulnerabilities. QuickTime is no longer needed (with some exceptions) QuickTime is no longer needed on the majority of Windows systems. If you just want to add support for formats that Apple pushed, .mov comes to mind for instance, then you can use other media players for Windows that support the format. Pick VLC Media Player, SMPlayer, or any other media player. Heck, even Windows Media Player 12 supports the QuickTime Movie format. Web browsers don't require QuickTime as well anymore. This was the case in the past for some heavily specialized sites such as Apple's Trailers website which required QuickTime. While there my still be some specialized sites out there that work only if you have the QuickTime plugin installed, it is fair to say that the majority of Windows users does not require QuickTime plugin access anymore. The only situation where you may need to run QuickTime on a Windows PC is if a software program requires it for some of its functionality, and if you need that functionality. It may be safer however if you run tasks that require QuickTime in a virtual machine or sandbox to protect the underlying system from attacks against it. So what should you do? The best course of action is to assess the situation. Do you need QuickTime on a Windows machine? The answer is probably no unless you run programs that do rely on it. If the answer is no, you should not install QuickTime in first place, or remove it if you have installed it already. Users who do require QuickTime for work may want to consider installing it in a virtual machine to block attacks against it this way. It is not a perfect solution, but better than running QuickTime on the Windows machine directly without that extra layer of security. Apple QuickTime for Windows 10 installs three different software programs. You need to remove all three again from the system, and can do that in the following way: Use the keyboard shortcut Windows-I to open the Settings application on Windows 10. Select Apps > Apps & Features if you run the Creators Update, or later. If you don't, you find the option under System instead. Select QuickTime  with a click, and then the uninstall button. Follow the instructions to remove QuickTime from the Windows PC. Repeat the process for Apple Application Support, and Apple Software Update. Now You: Do you run QuickTime and other legacy software on your Windows machines? Summary Article Name QuickTime for Windows 10 Description This guide walks you through the steps of installing QuickTime for Windows 10, lists concerns in regards to that, and provides you with alternatives that you may use instead. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Windows > QuickTime for Windows 10 Taskplay: media controls for the Windows Taskbar Cookie AutoDelete for Firefox (WebExtension) Responses to QuickTime for Windows 10 Bill May 15, 2017 at 4:52 pm # Puzzled! It has been years since there has been the need for QuickTime supported playback, it is long since dead on Windows PC's. Doubt Windows 10 would even run software requiring QuickTime video. I had a hard time getting software requiring QuickTime playback to work on Windows XP or 7. Reply Jeff May 15, 2017 at 6:11 pm # It is useful for losslessly trimming/cutting MP4 videos. It has an audio-video passthrough option when exporting that makes it perfect for quick MP4 trimming without re-encoding. Reply The Flash May 15, 2017 at 6:32 pm # Sadly with the new version VLC version, now videos have this weird green bar at the bottom. Reply seeprime May 15, 2017 at 7:55 pm # A fix was released a couple of days ago that supposedly took care of the green bar. Martin has an article about it dated May 13. Reply The Flash May 15, 2017 at 11:12 pm # Sadly the fix doesn't work Anonymous May 15, 2017 at 6:55 pm # Yes I still need to install it, QuickTime is necessary to import the .mov in Vegas Pro. Reply WorknMan May 16, 2017 at 1:49 am # Wait, so Apple is no longer piggybacking Quicktime on iTunes installs? If so, that's a plus. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Don't subscribeAllReplies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Follow Us Please Support Us You can support us in many ways, for instance by disabling adblockers. Alternatively, you may support us with a PayPal donation. Please check out our other support options here. Advertisement Recent Updates: Firefox 53.0.2 Pale Moon 27.3 The Best Windows Software Firefox Roadmap 2017 Free CD Burning Software Firefox privacy and security preferences Windows 10 Privacy Software The best Chrome extensions The best Firefox addons Advertisement Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing Mike Turcotte © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple wanted part of its new $5 billion campus to look like a laptop — here's how close it got Kif Leswing May 15, 2017, 9:28 AM 33,449 facebook linkedin twitter email print Employees are moving into Apple's new $5 billion campus, Apple Park, which has been in the works since 2006. But one part of the campus hasn't been finished yet: the Steve Jobs Theater, where Apple is expected to launch future products, like upcoming iPhones. The Steve Jobs Theater is impressive, and its crowning feature is a circular carbon-fiber roof that hangs way over its walls. The project's architects say the underground theater was designed to resemble an Apple laptop — specifically, the MacBook Air, according to The Wall Street Journal. The architects even had to hide wires in joints between the building's glass walls, adding more weight to Apple's reputation for attention to tiny design details. Take a look — here's the auditorium under construction, as of last month: YouTube/Matthew Roberts Here's a look a little bit closer to ground level. You can see where the MacBook Air inspired the design at the edge of the carbon-fiber roof: YouTube/Matthew Roberts And for reference, here's Apple's MacBook Air: Apple On Sunday, Matthew Roberts, who has recorded the progress of Apple Park for over a year through drone photography, uploaded a video of how far the campus has come: SEE ALSO: The complete story behind Apple's futuristic new campus, 'Apple Park' More: Apple Apple Park WSJ facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple wanted part of its new $5 billion campus to look like a laptop — here's how close it got Apple wanted part of its new $5 billion campus to look like a laptop — here's how close it got Employees are moving into Apple's new $5... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,510 Reviews & Articles | 55,261 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Corsair Dominator Platinum Torque DDR4 RAM Kit Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Leaker reveals the iPhone 8 in a rendered video The video reveals that the upcoming iPhone could have a screen that covers almost the entire front of the device By: Lana Jelic | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 17 hours, 46 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA While we still don't actually know whether or not Apple will call their new phone the iPhone 7S or iPhone 8, there are already many rumors floating around about Apple's next flagship.     We recently learned that Apple has placed orders for their A11 chip that should power the new phone, and now a well-known leaker, Steve Hemmerstoffer, who goes by OnLeaks on Twitter, has posted a rendered video of what he says depicts the upcoming iPhone based on a factory computer-assisted design schematic.   The video reveals that the upcoming iPhone could have a screen that covers almost the entire front of the device. The dual rear camera setup, which was previously aligned horizontally on the back, is now positioned vertically. A recent leak shows that the iPhone SE (2017) might also have the same rear camera alignment.     Earlier leaks suggest that the phone could also have a dual front-facing camera and wireless charging.   Read also: Alleged photo of the iPhone SE (2017) leaks: glass back   We'll know more in the upcoming months, and we will keep you posted.   So, this is it... I guess... #iPhone8 renders + 360° video + size (based upon factory CAD) on behalf of @GearIndia https://t.co/cbggACbCh0 pic.twitter.com/FgNsoQfqRb— OnLeaks (@OnLeaks) May 9, 2017 NEWS SOURCES:Businessinsider.com >> NEXT STORY: HTC U 11 launches tomorrow: Here's what to expect << PREVIOUS STORY: ASUS to announce 3 new ZenFone series phones at Computex Related Tags Apple iPhone iPhone 7S iPhone 8 smartphone smartphones iOS Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HTC U11: Hands-on and first impressions It's official: HTC U11 doesn't have a headphone jack HTC launches HTC U11: Snapdragon 835, no headphone jack NVIDIA CEO: 'every human will be a gamer someday' Seth McFarlane launches live action sci-fi comedy showView More News Posts Forum Activity Computer suddenly Freezes MSI GS63VR STEALTH PRO 4K Gaming Laptop Review Gigabyte M8000X software bugged RAM for Gaming 7 Z270 MB ASRock Fatal1ty B250M Performance Motherboard ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learning Toshiba demonstrates latest 64-layer BiCS Flash on client NVM Express M.2 SSD at Dell EMC World ASUS announces two Cerberus gaming peripherals ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Strix Magnus microphoneView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Latest News Dow 20,982 +85.33 +0.41% Nasdaq 6,150 +28.44 +0.46% S&P 500 2,402 +11.42 +0.48% 3:08 A.M. ET DCC profit rises 24% for 2017 on good trading 3:07 A.M. ET BTG profit falls even as use of Varithena rises 3:04 A.M. ET Vodafone shares rise 2.6% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET EasyJet shares fall 3.6% after larger-than-expected quarterly loss 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,788.87 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.5% at 5,391.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens down 1 point at 7,453.71 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.2% at 395.26 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why stock-market investors are falling back in love with Europe 2:52 A.M. ET The world leader posing the biggest threat to global economy isn’t Trump 2:50 A.M. ET Inmarsat launches 4th broadband satellite 2:49 A.M. ET Akers Biosciences narrows loss, but revenue falls 2:49 A.M. ET EasyJet loss deepens as Brexit-hit pound bites 2:46 A.M. ET BOJ's Kuroda: Exit from QE should go 'quite well' 2:45 A.M. ET Premier Foods swings to full-year pretax profit 2:33 A.M. ET Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 1:26 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices add to gains, driven by hopes of output-cut extensions 12:36 A.M. ET Ex-U.S. Diplomat Says Trump Administration Lacks North Korea Experience 5/15 Elliott Management revises BHP restructuring plan 5/15 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought By Quentin Fottrell Published: May 15, 2017 9:57 p.m. ET Share The online retailing giant celebrates the 20th anniversary of its IPO on May 15 By QuentinFottrell Personal Finance Editor John Wainwright. The first book purchased on Amazon.com — and its packing slip. Not many people spend $27.95 and get a building named after them. John Wainwright, an Australian software engineer based in Sunnyvale, Calif., did just that. On April 3, 1995, he became Amazon’s AMZN, -0.35%   first non-company customer when he purchased “Fluid Concepts And Creative Analogies: Computer Models Of The Fundamental Mechanisms Of Thought” by Douglas Hofstadter. (It’s still available on Amazon for $33.55 hardcover or $7.80 paperback.) It was not the easiest of orders for Amazon, especially for the company’s very first book sale. “That purchase is still part of my Amazon history,” Wainwright says. MarketWatch spoke with Wainwright about being No. 1 and how he nearly ended up working for Amazon — before the company’s 1997 initial public offering on May 15, 1997. MarketWatch: That was quite a book. Chapter 1 is entitled “To Seek Whence Cometh a Sequence.” It doesn’t look like your average bedtime reading. Wainwright: It wasn’t a John Grisham novel. [Grisham’s “The Rainmaker” made it to the top of the New York Times best seller list in April 1995.] MarketWatch: I may regret asking this, but what was it about? Wainwright: It was a work on artificial intelligence and human cognition modeling. It seemed like a reasonable way of catching up with what was going on around the 1990s. It’s a collection of articles and essays documenting research that Hofstadter and his students were doing at the time, modeling human form. MarketWatch: Where were you when you bought the book? Wainwright: I was a very close friend of the founding engineer of Amazon, and was working at an Apple/IBM joint venture called Kaleida Labs. Shel Kaphan [widely noted as Amazon’s first employee] worked at Kaleida Labs and in 1994 he decided to leave to work on this crazy idea of an online bookstore. We all thought he was crazy to do that. He kept me up to date on what he was doing. He sent me an email and said, ‘Create an account and order some books.’ I thought I was going to get some free books out of it. But they took my credit card and charged it! John Wainwright John Wainwright MarketWatch: I can almost hear the sound of the dial-up now. Wainwright: I used a computer T1 link at our offices in Mountain View, Calif. MarketWatch: As job changes go, that was a smart move by Mr. Kaphan. Wainwright: I keep in touch with him from time to time. He left Amazon with a huge fortune, a ridiculous amount of money. He runs a nonprofit called the Kaphan Foundation. MarketWatch: Did you ever think of joining him at Amazon? Wainwright: There were opportunities to follow Shel to Amazon prior to the IPO. Several of our colleagues at Kaleida followed him there. I went off on a different path and was happy with what I was doing and didn’t want to move my family from Silicon Valley. People often find in life that if they had just turned this way or that that they would have found themselves in a very different situation financially. I’m happy and I’m very happy for Shel and my mates and I have had a comfortable life here. MarketWatch: They must have all made out like bandits. Wainwright: They certainly came out with tens of millions. MarketWatch: Did you buy stock in Amazon? Wainwright: I never did. MarketWatch: So what was your second book bought on Amazon? Wainwright: “The First Thousand Words in Russian.” [Also still available.] We were just in the throes of adopting a daughter from Russia and we thought we should learn some Russian. MarketWatch: And did you adopt her? Wainwright: We adopted her in April 1995. Her name is Marina. She’s now a 24-year-old California girl. She is just finishing up a sociology degree at San Francisco State. I have a son Samuel, who is 26. He is a software engineer and he’s going back to school. He wants to become a history professor. MarketWatch: He’s almost following in his father’s footsteps. Wainwright: He was exposed to the Silicon Valley engineering lifestyle from when he was two or three years old. Even though he fought against it, it was a career path that afforded him comfort. He has a natural ability at programing and software engineering. It’s an easy way for him to subsist while he goes back to school and do the things that he loves — archaeology and history. John Wainwright Wainwright loves to photograph glowing gas clouds millions of light years away. This image is from his Flickr account. MarketWatch: Are you an early adopter? Wainwright: I was on the queue not far behind Steve Wozniak at the Apple Store on June 29, 2007 and I bought two iPhones. I’ve had new iPhones the day they came out — all except one version. I stayed up until midnight on April 10 to order an Apple Watch as well. I’m a geek and an early adopter, for sure. I’m a bit of an Apple fanboy. I bought an Apple Macintosh 128K in August 1984. MarketWatch: Do you still have that? Wainwright: I do. MarketWatch: As an early adopter, are you also an Apple investor? Wainwright: No. I was an employee in 1994, briefly. Kaleida was a joint venture between IBM and Apple put together primarily by John Sculley who had taken over the stewardship of Apple when Steve Jobs left. It was based right in the middle of what is now the Google campus in Mountain View. I sold Apple some technology on object-oriented programing that was used in the Kaleida joint venture. They invited me to come in as an early engineering employee. I was an Apple employee for about two weeks. Then I moved into Kaleida Labs. MarketWatch: Do you use Facebook and Twitter? Wainwright: I haven’t posted anything to them in four or five years, or more. I think Twitter has become much less a “person in the street” tool. It’s a celebrity broadcast medium, it seems to me. As for Facebook, it always seemed very trite to me, the kind of things that were being posted seemed very banal and uninteresting. I was lucky enough to have both my kids ‘friend’ me on Facebook. I see what they do that way. MarketWatch: So what keeps you busy when you’re not working or buying stuff on Amazon? Wainwright: I’m interested in astro photography, shooting pictures of galaxies and nebulae. They’re big glowing gas clouds scattered throughout every galaxy. The ones we can see are all inside the Milky Way galaxy. They’re star factories. And they’re very spectacular. It’s probably the geekiest thing I’ve ever done. It’s an awesome hobby for a geek. You have to know astronomy, mechanics and physics, telescope mounts, and take very long exposures for hours and hours at a time. The skies rotate, so the camera has to be tracked to follow exactly the object you are photographing in the sky so that you get the perfect image and exposure. MarketWatch: It sounds like your time is spent better than walking around with a selfie stick. Wainwright: It involves a lot of mucking around with careful calibration and careful work, a few photons a minute are coming in from these clouds. You need 100 to 200 images, and then you must process them, blend them, reduce noise and enhance various parts of the structure with astronomy-specific exposure programs. It might take me five to eight hours to process a single image. MarketWatch: Did you say hours? Wainwright: The workflow is mind boggling. It’s very fulfilling once it happens and it’s pretty stunning once you get the shots. I’ve never had a pastime that’s more geeky than this. If you have a slightly artistic eye, it fits beautifully as well. MarketWatch: What will you do with the images you’ve created? Wainwright: You can exhibit them. NASA picks an astro photo of the day and posts them on APOD.com. I know a guy who’s been picked I don’t know how many times. I’m not at that stage yet. I post pictures and exchange them with my colleagues with this hobby. In South Bay, there are about 30 or 40 astro image photographers. MarketWatch: How many miles away are these clouds? Wainwright: They’re toward the middle of the galaxy, about 50 million or 100 million light years away. They’re quite big, about seven or eight moons across. If you could see them in the night sky, they’d be quite stunning but they just don’t send us enough light. There’s a lot of light pollution in cities. You can usually only see very few stars. There are just not enough photons coming from these gas clouds to expose them with the naked eye. MarketWatch: Speaking of stars, are you going to the new “Star Wars” movie when it comes out later this year? Wainwright: Absolutely. My plan is to take my engineering team to see it. The vice president of engineering of Kaleida Labs took us all out to see another seminal film, the original “Jurassic Park.” I plan to do that with this “Star Wars.” It’s the first Star Wars with J.J. Abrams’s hand. George Lucas kind of lost it for the prequels. I want to see what J.J. will do with Disney’s money and the “Stars Wars” brand. MarketWatch: Finally, what’s the last thing you purchased on Amazon? Wainwright: I am an Amazon Prime customer. I use it for just about anything and everything that I cannot be bothered to walk out to a store to find — cooking supplies and books, although I’m not buying as many physical books these days. I just bought a kitchen scale, some batteries for my digital camera, a set of lights for a photography studio, Cuisinart food processor. I have been buying stuff on Amazon at least once a week, if not more frequently. MarketWatch: And do you use eBay to sell it when you’re done? Wainwright: I’m a hoarder. I very rarely sell my stuff. I have a big storage unit in San Jose. Either that, or if it’s run its course, I’ll donate it to goodwill. MarketWatch: Do you still have the Douglas Hofstadter book? Wainwright: I have it on my bookshelf over here. I could have sworn that I had gotten rid of it. I’m waiting for Jeff Bezos to come and offer me a large amount of money for it. There’s a building on the Seattle campus named after me. [Amazon’s Wainwright office building is located on 535 Terry Avenue North in Seattle.] MarketWatch: This will sound like a very Oprah thing to say, but how did that make you feel? Wainwright: It’s a curious distinction. It’s a series of coincidences. They didn’t have the book in their stock and the story goes that Jeff Bezos didn’t want to delay the fulfillment and he went charging around bookstores himself to find a copy to send it off in time. Whether that’s true or not, it’s a small testament to his energy and drive that he got it. (This story was republished to mark the 20th anniversary of Amazon’s IPO on May 15, 1997.) Read: This handyman earned $14,000 in the last 30 days More from MarketWatch Trump and Pence Face Questions on Comey Firing Rebuilding a Historic Villa on the French Riviera Long Island's New Wave of Luxury Buyers Quote References AMZN -3.38 -0.35% Most Popular This chart makes Apple, Facebook and Alphabet look like one-trick ponies The stock-market storm is coming—but the reason might surprise investors This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought This is the new American dream Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.63% 30 yr fixed 3.93% 15 yr fixed 3.12% 10 yr fixed 2.97% 30 yr fixed refi 3.92% 15 yr fixed refi 3.14% 5/1 ARM 3.19% 5/1 ARM refi 3.28% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.85% $50K HELOC 4.89% $75K HELOC 4.89% $100K HELOC 4.65% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.24% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.67% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.9% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.31% 2 yr CD 0.78% 1 yr CD 0.64% MMA $10K+ 0.28% MMA $50K+ 0.39% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.21% 48 Mo Used Car 3.17% 36 Mo Used Car 3.43% 72 Mo New Car 3.25% 60 Mo New Car 3.34% 48 Mo New Car 3.2% 60 Mo Auto Refi 3% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.73% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.66% 12.70% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 13.92% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.07% 15.08% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.88% 15.87% 15.24% Cash Back 15.89% 15.89% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.28% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is MarketWatch's personal-finance editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $957.97 -3.38 (-0.35%) Volume 4.2M Open $958.73 High $963.15 Low $956.06 P/E Ratio 180.26 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 459.5B
Search for: Southington Observer Search for: Main menu Skip to content Features Good Times Local News Schools Bus Routes Neighbors Obituaries Police Sports Sports Hall of Fame Sub menu E-Edition Contact Us Forms Privacy Policy Town Pages RSS Place an Ad Subscription Apple Harvest Festival, Local News Registration is underway for Apple Harvest hostesses: Apply through May 31 by jgoralski • May 15, 2017 • 0 Comments Apple Harvest Festival www.southington.org/AHF Are you looking for an opportunity to be more involved with community events while having fun at the same time? The Apple Harvest festival is looking for Apple Harvest hostesses for this fall’s festival. Applicants must be Southington residents going into their junior or senior year of high school this fall. Apple Harvest Festival hostesses will participate in the Southington Italian-American Festival, the Bristol Mum Parade, Music on the Green, Apple Harvest contests, and much more. No special talents are necessary. Officials are just looking for community spirit and team work. Applications must be submitted by Wednesday, May 31. Interviews will be conducted in early June, and applicants will be notified regarding specific dates and times. The 2017 Apple Harvest Festival Queen will be named during the Apple Harvest Festival Gala, which will kick off the 2017 Apple Harvest Festival at the Aqua Turf on Thursday, Sept. 21. The queen will ride with her court on parade day. For more information, visit www.southingtonahf.com or www.southington.org. See application for further details. To download the application, visit www.southingtonahf.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/AHF-2017-New_Hostess_Application-1.pdf. Related Tags: Apple Harvest Festival hostesses Southington Post navigation ← Grand opening at DiVirgilio Insurance New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Recent Posts New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 Registration is underway for Apple Harvest hostesses: Apply through May 31 Grand opening at DiVirgilio Insurance Scoreboard: Sports results on Saturday, May 13 Scoreboard: Sports results on Friday, May 12 Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (7)TAG/ESTATE SALES (3)SERVICE DIRECTORY (14)RECREATIONAL VEHICLES (3)REAL ESTATE - SALES (2)REAL ESTATE - RENT (32)NOTICES (5)MERCHANDISE (41)EMPLOYMENT (51) Special Sections See All Ads See All Ads Stepsaver Sites Stepsaver Southington Observer Plainville Observer Bristol Observer Other Observer News New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 New Britain Bees weekend update, May 15 Registration is underway for Apple Harvest hostesses: Apply through May 31 Registration is underway for Apple Harvest hostesses: Apply through May 31 Obituaries: Lola Norton Obituaries: Glenna Marie Pelletier Coalition joins forces to halt underage drinking CT troubadour takes stage in area Bierfeldt walks it off vs. Ducks Police blotter for May 12 High school midterm schedule to change Fire report for May 12 Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 Southington Observer. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
Homepage Sign in / Sign up Adrian KosmaczewskiBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Founder and trainer at AKOSMA Training https://akosma.training • Born in 🇦🇷 • Living in 🇨🇭 • Writes in English, French and Spanish May 8 10 Years of iPhone — A Developer’s Perspective This is the talk that I gave in the 4th MCE Conference in Warsaw, Poland, on May 8th, 2017. This conference is organized by Polidea. Newton and iPhone – Source: Flickr. Introduction The iPhone celebrates its 10th anniversary this year. From a historical point of view, it had a tremendous impact in the industry and the careers of those involved in mobile application software development. At some point in my career, I was a .NET developer, and then one day I told myself that I wanted to write Objective-C for a living. This is how I started my career in this galaxy. This is how I got here. I could have chosen Windows Mobile. I could have chosen BlackBerry. I chose the iPhone. The iPhone turned out to be a far, far bigger platform than any of us could ever imagine. In this talk I am going to take you in a trip back in time, to remember frameworks, people, companies, events and projects that have marked our craft in the past decade. The memories of the iPhone will bring back the birth of the App Store, which was (and to a certain extent still is) one of the most controversial features of the platform; the iPad; the Apple Watch; the rise of the Apple TV; the Mac App Store; the visual changes; the jump from Lucida Grande to Helvetica to San Francisco; and many other events, some funnier than others, that shaped this story. But more than anything, this story will run around the personal story of a man called Steve Jobs. This is the story of the best-selling electronics consumer product in history, and how it shaped the mobile industry. 2007 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 12.25 USD. I spent Christmas 2006 and New Year 2007, in Madrid, Spain. I got news of the release of the iPhone in the airport of Madrid, ready to go back home, on January 10th, 2007. I told my wife, right there, right then, that if Apple ever released a software development kit for that device, we would be both going to San Francisco to attend WWDC. Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone in a now legendary sequence, stating that it was three products in one, a mobile phone, a touchscreen iPod, and a breakthrough internet communications device. The device was introduced to the public months before its official introduction to the public, to allow Apple to submit the required paperwork for the FCC, which consists of publicly disclosed documents. At the end of the presentation, Alan Kay reportedly told Jobs: “When the Mac first came out, Newsweek asked me what I (thought) of it. I said: Well, it’s the first personal computer worth criticizing. So at the end of the presentation, Steve came up to me and said: Is the iPhone worth criticizing? And I said: Make the screen five inches by eight inches, and you’ll rule the world.” After the presentation of the iPhone, James Duncan Davidson took an iconic photo of the iPhone inside a glass screen. On the other side of the fence, Steve Ballmer just laughed at the iPhone. In May, Steve Jobs used the term “post-PC device” during his interview with Bill Gates at the D5 conference: But then there’s an explosion that’s starting to happen in what you call post-PC devices, right? You can call the iPod one of them. — Steve Jobs What I found most interesting about the iPhone was that it ran a modified version of OS X — which meant that the programming toolkit had to be based on Objective-C, which was by far one of my preferred programming languages. I had started learning Objective-C back in 2002, after I bought an iBook with OS X Jaguar — my first ever version of OS X back then. I wanted to work as an Objective-C developer, I wanted to leave the Windows PC behind and use only Macs at work. This was clearly my chance. WWDC 2007 happened, and although we all knew that Objective-C was somewhere down there, Steve Jobs famously stated that the only way to create iPhone applications would be using web technologies. We were all wrong. While it was true that Safari on the iPhone was absolutely groundbreaking, I was (and still am) more interested in creating native apps. The iUI home page in 2017 Joe Hewitt’s released the first iteration of the iUI framework on July 5th 2007, originally called “iphoneav.” This was the first mobile web framework targeting the iPhone. Joe was already a superstar at the time, having released Firefox and Firebug and for being later responsible of the early versions of the Facebook application. The iUI framework was very important because it set the tone for many other similar frameworks that appeared later on, combining semantic HTML with special CSS effects and JavaScript code to create iPhone-like experiences as native applications; many other similar frameworks followed this pattern, such as jQTouch, WebApp.net and later jQuery Mobile, Sencha Touch or even lately Ionic. iPhone #1 The iPhone went on sale on June 29th. It was quite an underpowered machine by current standards: 128 MB RAM, 4 to 16 GB of storage, a 32-bit CPU made by Samsung, underclocked at 412 MHz. No front camera, a 2.0 MP rear camera, and it lacked many, many other things: … the iPhone didn’t support 3G, it didn’t support multitasking, it didn’t support 3rd party apps, you couldn’t copy or paste text, you couldn’t attach arbitrary files to emails, it didn’t support MMS, it didn’t support Exchange push email, it didn’t have a customizable home screen, it didn’t support tethering, it hid the filesystem from users, it didn’t support editing Office documents, it didn’t support voice dialing, and it was almost entirely locked down to hackers and developers. — The Verge In July 2007 I opened an account in a young website started the previous year, called Twitter. Justine Ezarik received a 300-page bill from AT&T in a box, and her video became legend. It was customary before smartphones for mobile network providers to include details of all messages, communications and expenses in their bills, but the amount of communications enabled by iPhone quickly changed the game — much too quickly for AT&T, as a matter of fact. In a bit more than two months, Apple sold one million iPhones,and Time named it the “invention of the year.” Pwnagetool The first “jailbreak” options appeared merely days after the iPhone went on sale; hackers all over the planet, like Erica Sadun, started to install their own native applications on rooted devices. Remember PwnageTool and JailbreakMe, Cydia, and even the first version of Twitterrific? The success of the iPhone and of these early attempts to hack its core was such that Jobs changed his mind and finally acknowledged, in a press release in October 17th 2007, that Apple would be releasing an SDK for the iPhone the following year. The waiting time had to do with polishing what would ultimately become the first version of UIKit, including the security features required for developers to sign their applications to enable their installation on any device. In his piece, Steve Jobs mentions the need for tight security in iPhones, given the possibility of viruses, and highlights how Nokia disabled arbitrary code execution in their devices for similar reasons. The nature of the iPhone — a small, fast computer in your pocket, with access to contextual information about the user, including but not limited to contacts, preferences, location and other data, was a significant shift from traditional desktop platforms, and thereby Apple considered that it required a completely different approach. Needless to say, after hearing the news, I reserved the tickets and the hotel for San Francisco right away. In December, AAPL reached 28.30 USD. In their quarterly statements of 2007, Apple declared having made 24B in revenue selling 52M iPods, 7M Macs and 1.1M iPhones. The iPhone was only available in the USA, UK, Germany and France. 2008 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 19.34 USD. That SDK box from 2008 Apple introduced the first official iPhone SDK in March 6th. As important as the SDK, or even more, was the announcement by Steve Jobs of the approval process of the App Store. This was the first time that Apple announced a developer platform in which there would be a validation process, including a right to veto, in order to release applications. This model was inspired by the game console industry, in which console makers can veto games if required. This feature led to a huge outcry, most of which has still not faded, but it turned out to be one of the simplest solutions to the problem of malware in mobile devices. To this day, thanks to the review process, in spite of all the vitriol that it still generates in the developer community, the iOS platform remains virtually free of malware and viruses. In April the first “Iron Man” movie is released, kickstarting the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise. In June followed the second film of the franchise, “Hulk.” A code-sharing website called Github started operations in April, aiming to be a better and bigger version of Google Code and based around Git. In July 2008 I attended my first ever WWDC, in San Francisco. The event sold out in 2 months, the first time this happened in the history of the WWDC. During the keynote, Steve Jobs said that “… in the first 95 days, 250,000 people downloaded the iPhone SDK. 25,000 developers applied, and 4,000 were admitted in the program.” During the same keynote, Scott Forstall delivered the first of his customary demo sessions, with over 10 different companies showing what developers could do using the iPhone SDK. And also, Mobile Me happened, which was, well, not really ready for prime time. In terms of software, the iPhone SDK lacked lots of things we take for granted today in the platform: Interface Builder was a separate application from Xcode 3. No Instruments. No ARC: retain, release and autorelease were our friends. No IBOutletCollection. No Storyboards. No Auto Layout. No Gesture recognizers. No Map views. No Unit testing (OCUnit / SenTest did not work with iPhone apps back then.) No Nitro JavaScript engine. No Pull-to-refresh. But it had one serious bug: a memory leak in [UIImage imageNamed:] which drove everybody crazy at some point. The Barenaked Ladies played in the WWDC Bash, for those who remember. The iPhone 3G was released to the public during WWDC, July 11, 2008, and this time in many more countries, including Switzerland. The App Store opened in June 2008 with only 544 apps; it turns out that there were 72 registered rejections. My wife and I got our first iPhones back from San Francisco: 8 GB iPhone 3G, with pretty much the same specifications as the first iPhone, but with a 3G connectivity and with an integrated GPS. As Steve Jobs said during the WWDC keynote, location-based services was going to be one of the biggest breakthroughs of the new device. Surely enough, my first iPhone application was a GPS-enabled social networking system, long gone from the App Store since then, but the one that started my career as an iPhone developer. During those early days, somebody published the 1000 USD “I am Rich” application — and actually sold a few copies, before removing it (or being removed?) from the App Store. Of course the whole WWDC event was under a fucking NDA until September; this was unfortunate, because it meant that nobody could answer questions about the iPhone SDK in this new website called “Stack Overflow,” which started in September 15th. Precisely on that day, September 15th, the collapse of the investment bank Lehman Brothers, the largest bankruptcy filing in U.S. history, with over $600 billion in assets, triggers the worst financial crisis in modern history. The bankruptcy triggered a drop in the Dow Jones index of 4.4%, followed by a another of 7% on September 29th. In October I co-organised the first and last iPhone Conference in Geneva — we even got a cease-and-desist letter from Apple for using the word “iPhone” in the name of the event, and we ended up not having permission to use any pictures of iPhones to promote it. The book that started it all for many of us On November 21st, the first edition of “Beginning iPhone Development” by Jeff LaMarche and Dave Mark goes on sale and becomes an instant hit, the first published book explaining the iPhone SDK. Groups of developers devoted to the iPhone SDK started appearing all over the planet. In French-speaking Switzerland we had our own, organised by a company called EasyBox from Lausanne. The “Groupe de développeurs iPhone de la Suisse Romande” will forever stay in our memories for almost three years of continuous meetings, and for enabling countless business ventures and anecdotes. In their quarterly statements of 2008, Apple declared having made 32B in revenue selling 54M iPods, 9M Macs and 11.6M iPhones. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2008 amounted to 12.7M units. The iPhone made its biggest debut in more than 70 countries, including Switzerland in July and Poland and Argentina in August. There were 13'000 apps available in the App Store at the end of the year. 2009 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 12.88 USD. In January, Joe Hewitt (yes, him again) released Three20, arguably the most important early library of code for iPhone applications. It was wonderful in terms of functionality but quite heavy to integrate in its entirety. It is historically relevant in that it spawned an entire industry of components, fueled by Stack Overflow and Github. Also in January, Palm introduced WebOS as a contender in the touchscreen smartphone race. In June, the first smartphone using this operating system, the Palm Pre, is released in the USA. In February, Brian Acton and Jan Koum, both former employees of Yahoo!, incorporate a company named WhatsApp. That year I quit my job and started my first company, called “akosma software.” During this time I wrote iPhone and Android apps, trying to bootstrap my business. I released nib2objc a small command line tool that transformed XIB files into its equivalent Objective-C code, and Erica Sadun wrote an article about it in Ars Technica. In April, PhoneGap, a small project created by a Canadian company named Nitobi, wins the People’s Choice Award at O’Reilly Media’s 2009 Web 2.0 Conference. PhoneGap was arguably the first cross-platform app development kit targeting iOS and Android, using the native web views of each platform. WWDC 2009 was the second one for me in June that year. This time it sold out in just one month. During this event, Apple introduced iPhone OS 3 with many features; this version was more a “bug fix and missing features” edition than anything else, adding all the features that all analysts expected from a “serious” smartphone platform. Apple focused its attention on iOS, in detriment of OS X Snow Leopard, famously known to be a “no new features, just stabilization” release. Among the new features for users: Clipboard support Turn by turn navigation Magnetometer Spotlight search Push notifications Horizontal keyboard MMS Voice control And many new frameworks for us developers to play with: MapKit.framework CoreData.framework ExternalAccessory.framework GameKit.framework (including the first version of Bluetooth P2P functionality for data and audio) MessageUI.framework StoreKit.framework During the event Apple unveiled the iPhone 3GS, the first hardware update since the first iPhone, and the first release to have the “S” (for “Speed”) next to its name. Visually identical as the iPhone 3G, it featured a substantial improvement in hardware: 256 MB or RAM, a 600 MHz ARM CPU, a 3 MP rear camera with video capabilities, faster Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, and up to 32 MB of storage. The iPhone 3GS was officially supported by Apple until February 21, 2014, when iOS 6.1.6 was released, almost 5 years later, and it was still manufactured and sold until September 2012. The band Cake played during the WWDC Bash in the Yerba Buena Gardens. Phil Schiller hosted the keynote in replacement of Steve Jobs, who had taken a leave of absence at that time. Scott Forstall delighted the audience once again with a long parade of app developers demoing their applications. I started teaching iPhone development in 2009, as the interest of developers in the platform was growing; of course, Objective-C and its manual memory management turned off way too many developers accustomed to garbage collected runtimes. Fundamental article in the history of mobile software development In November 2009, Luke Wroblewski published his seminal article “Mobile First” triggering a deep change in the thought process and the design of mobile applications and websites. In December, Verizon published an ad for the new Droid phone, using a picture uncannily similar to the iconic one taken by James Duncan Davidson in 2007. In their quarterly statements of 2009, Apple declared having made 36.5B in revenue selling 54M iPods, 10.3M Macs and 20.7M iPhones. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2009 amounted to 33.5M units. The iPhone was made available in 13 new countries during that year such as China, South Korea and Saudi Arabia. There were more than 100'000 apps available in the App Store. 2010 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 27.44 USD. On January 7th, NBC aired “Planet of the Apps” — a documentary about the app economy, which by now was becoming seriously huge. Oddly enough, the name “Planet of the Apps” will be reused years later… by Apple themselves. But more on that later. In January Steve Jobs introduced the iPad; it brought a larger screen to a public who thought of it as just a “larger iPod touch. The iPad found a niche as an “intermediate” kind of computer, one that is great for travel, kids and elderly users, and one that stands at the crossroads or rather at the border between technology and liberal arts. Steve Jobs introducing the iPhone For developers, the release of the iPad brought iPhone OS 3.2, an interim release of the operating system with gesture recognizers and “Universal Apps,” that is, apps that showed a different UI for the iPhone or for the iPad, but using the same binary code for both. This reduced the cost of developing apps for this platform, but of course required revisiting the UI architecture of many applications to adapt to this new screen size. In February Samsung introduced a new mobile platform, called Bada, which would be discontinued three years later. In April, Hewlett Packard bought Palm and announced plans to release smartphones and tablets using WebOS. In April Steve Jobs wrote its famous “Thoughts about Flash” piece, in which he explained the technical impossibility for Adobe to include the Flash plugin in mobile systems. History showed that not only he was right about iOS, but also about Android; in neither case Adobe made the Flash plugin a reality. Apple counterattacked Adobe’s, strategy of creating applications using Flash by adding clause 3.3.1 to the iPhone SDK agreement, explicitly forbidding applications written in any other programming language than Objective-C, C or C++ in the App Store. After substantial backslash and controversy, which included prominent Mac developer Jonathan “Wolf” Rentzsch canceling his C4 developer conference, Apple removed said clause in September. In April, RIM (the company that made BlackBerry smartphones) bought the company who created the QNX real-time operating system, and announced new smartphone and tablet platforms called BlackBerry 10 and BlackBerry Tablet OS based on it. Also in April, the third movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe was released: “Iron Man 2.” In June I went to the USA for my third WWDC in a row; this one sold out in just eight days. In this event, with a very skinny Steve Jobs on stage, iPhone OS became iOS 4 and all of a sudden this operating system became a workhorse for the first time, loaded thousands of new features, some of which never before seen on a mobile operating system. For developers, iOS 4 was just like Christmas ahead of time: A brand-new Xcode 4, integrating Interface Builder into a single application — one that was slightly buggy and very unstable for a long while. ARC: Automatic Reference Counting, also known as “the compiler manages your memory;” one of the most important features in the platform today, was unveiled at this WWDC 2010 to a cheering crowd, who could barely believe what Apple was announcing. Objective-C blocks: this proposed extension to the C language, already available in OS X, and somewhat similar to C++ lambdas, sparked the birth of new functional APIs all over the Cocoa frameworks. Building upon blocks, Grand Central Dispatch (also known as libdispatch) was also introduced that year, and brought a new simpler pattern for writing concurrent software. Core Text: this new framework, almost imported verbatim from OS X, allowed developers to display text on their applications like never before. Multitasking: starting with iOS 4, developers of music, location or voice-over-IP applications could have them running on the background for real. This brought interesting new challenges and possibilities, such as the capability to perform long-running download operations on the background, without fearing the application to be killed in the meantime. Support for higher density displays: this was the birth of the @2x hack for high-resolution images. The new iAd network, allowing developers to include Apple-approved advertising in their applications, which would last until 2016. New frameworks available for developers: CoreMotion.framework AssetsLibrary.framework CoreTelephony.framework CoreText.framework EventKit.framework EventKitUI.framework MobileCoreServices.framework QuickLook.framework iAd.framework Of course, iOS 4 brought really cool new features for users: FaceTime. App folders. Retina display. Support for iPad. Game Center. And some changes related to multitasking: Task completion. Local notifications. App switching. In the same event, Apple introduced the new iPhone 4, sporting a design that would be the iconic “iPhone look” until 2014. This new device was seriously capable, and included the brand-new Retina display, which made pixels disappear from sight forever. The iPhone 4 was my second iPhone. It had an Apple A4 SOC with a 32-bit ARM CPU at 1 GHz, 512 MB RAM, up to 32 GB of storage, and for the first time, a 0.3 MP front camera capable of video at VGA resolution. The back camera was a 5 MP one, capable of HD video at 30 fps. This device was supported until iOS 7.1.2, released June 30, 2014. Right after the release of the iPhone 4, Antennagate happened. Steve Jobs had to come out and publicly defend its innovative design in the face of reception problems, triggered or not depending on how users held the device in their hands. In July, a photographer named Lee Morris did a full fashion photo shoot with an iPhone 3GS. “iPhoneography” was already a thing. First Instagram icon On October 6, 2010, a new iOS app named Instagram was released on the App Store. Also in October Apple registered a trademark for the phrase “There’s an app for that.” Some really popular open-source libraries back then: ASIHTTPRequest JSONKit InAppSettingsKit And in other news, the word “App” was declared word of the year, althought Steve Jobs used it already in NeXT promotional videos back as early as in 1989: Microsoft released by the end of the year a new mobile platform competing with Android and iOS, called “Windows Phone.” Android started to seriously take off, and overtook the iPhone in absolute number of activated devices by the end of the year, as Google famously announced 300'000 device activations per day. In their quarterly statements of 2010, Apple declared having made 65.2B in revenue selling 50M iPods, 13.6M Macs, 40M iPhones and 7.5M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2010 amounted to 73.5M units. The iPhone reached 3 new countries during that year, Vietnam, Armenia and Tunisia. There were more than 300'000 apps available in the App Store. 2011 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 48.47 USD. On January 6th, Apple released the Mac App Store to the public, taking inspiration from iOS. The sandboxing requirements for apps released through the Mac App Store blocked many app makers, particularly those producing developer tools, from selling their apps in it. Appsterdam Logo Mike Lee, a well-known Mac and iOS software developer who had worked at Apple and Delicious Monster, started Appsterdam, an initiative to bring together the best app developers under the idea that “if you want to make movies, go to Hollywood; if you want to make apps, come to Appsterdam.” An obscure patent holder company called Lodsys launched trolling patent claims against many well known developers selling apps in the App Store, such as James Thompson or the The Iconfactory. These claims had a strong impact in the platform, increasing the uncertainty around the App Store. This whole affair faded into obscurity after a few months, and to this day it is unknown what was the solution Apple found to settle these claims. In April a company named JetBrains released a new IDE for Objective-C, named AppCode, providing for the first time an alternative to Xcode, and putting a refactoring menu never before seen in the hands of iOS developers. Also in April, the 4th movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is released: “Thor.” In July comes the 5th: “Captain America: The First Avenger.” In May two entrepreneurs named Wayne Chang and Jeff Seibert started Crashlytics. More or less at the same time, Miguel de Icaza, the founder of the Mono project, announced the creation of a new company called Xamarin. In June Flickr announced that the iPhone 4 was the most popular camera used in the site. WWDC 2011 sold out in just 12 hours. I did not attend that one; Apple introduced iOS 5 to developers, with many new features: The new Notification Center iMessages Newsstand Reminders Twitter integration Music application (formerly the “iPod” application) Users can use the volume button to take pictures Rich text formatting in mail messages New basic photo editing features in Photos Safari Reader mode Siri (only on the iPhone 4S) iCloud (replacing Mobile Me) New frameworks available to developers in iOS 5: Accounts.framework CoreBluetooth.framework CoreImage.framework GLKit.framework NewsstandKit.framework Twitter.framework The most important (and controversial) feature of iOS 5 for developers was, without any doubt, the introduction of Storyboards. This extension of the classic XIB format included the possibility to define navigation and composition patterns in a visual manner, something never before seen in the platform. iAd started to lower its minimum amount of advertising contract to $500,000 in February, to $300,000 in July, apparently to bring back some big advertisers who had left the platform. In August, Hewlett Packard stopped all smartphone and tablet efforts, effectively killing the WebOS platform. The iPhone 4S was released in October, and it was the first iOS device that did not require tethering to a Mac or PC during setup. It featured a dual core 32-bit Apple A5 SOC, at 1 GHz, with 512 MB of RAM, an 8 MB rear camera capable of HD video at 1080p, and a 0.3 front camera with VGA resolution. For the first time, a 64 GB option for storage was available. It also put an end to the Antennagate controversy. The iPhone 4S was my third iPhone. Eloy Durán released the first public version of CocoaPods in September 1st and the world of iOS software development changed forever; later on, Orta Therox would take over its development. In other news, after appearing in the WWDC keynote, Steve Jobs retreated from public life and passed away in October 5th, a week before the release of iOS 5 and the iPhone 4S. His official biography, written by Walter Isaacson, was released shortly thereafter to great controversy. In October, Adobe puchased Nitobi, the company behind the PhoneGap framework. The code of PhoneGap was donated to the Apache project, and became Apache Cordova. In their quarterly statements of 2011, Apple declared having made 108.3B in revenue selling 42M iPods, 16.7M Macs, 72M iPhones and 32M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2011 amounted to 146M units. Cumulated sales for the iPad in 2011 amounted to 40M units. All in all, Apple sold more than 185M iPhones and iPads since 2007. The iPhone became available in Bolivia, Slovenia and Trinidad and Tobago. There were more than 500'000 apps available in the App Store. 2012 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 65.21 USD. In January Objective-C ranked as “language of the year” in the TIOBE Index. The rise in popularity of the language is arguably due to the interest sparked by the iOS platform. Pixel, where art thou? In February Apple introduced the first iPad with Retina screen, and lowered the price of the minimum contract for iAd to $100,000. Also in February, Firefox presents the Firefox OS smartphone platform. In March, Facebook bought Instagram for USD 1 billion. In April the 6th film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is released: “The Avengers.” It had to be renamed in the UK to avoid confusion with those other Avengers. In May, Google buyed Motorola Mobility for USD 12.5 billion. In June I went to my fourth WWDC in San Francisco, which would be my last. It sold out in one hour and 43 minutes. During the Keynote, the first without Steve Jobs on stage, Scott Forstall showed the new features of iOS 6, Apple Maps and Passbook, as well as a tighter integration with Twitter, Facebook and other social networks. Other features brought by iOS 6 were some enhancements for Siri, Shared Photo Streams, iCloud Tabs for Safari and the fact that FaceTime calls could be done through cellular networks at last. Apple Maps in Sky with Diamonds There were other minor enhancements all over the platform, but by far the biggest and most controversial change in iOS 6 is the change from Google Maps to Apple Maps, one that unfortunately had been rushed out; at the time of this writing Apple Maps is still behind Google Maps in features and quality, and its many problems led to major outcry on the press and on social media. In all likelihood, the debacle caused by Apple Maps was enough to drive Scott Forstall out of the door, and to consolidate the image of Apple as a faulty provider of cloud services, one that started with iTools, .Mac and Mobile Me, and one that sticks to the company five years later. iOS 6 brought a few new frameworks for developers to play with, but it was not a ground-breaking release in terms of changes or additions: AdSupport.framework MediaToolbox.framework PassKit.framework Social.framework The most important new element in the developer toolkit was the introduction of Auto Layout and the NSLayoutConstraint class, which found its full raison-d'être a few months later, when the new iPhone featured a new screen size, and user interfaces would have to automatically support the new dimensions while keeping their proportions and usability. The iPhone 5 was released in October, and it was the first iOS device that had a screen size bigger than the classic 320x480 points that the iPhone supported since its inception. It featured a dual core 32-bit Apple A6 SOC, at 1.3 GHz, with 1 GB of RAM (first device with such an amount,) an 8 MB rear camera capable of HD video at 1080p, and a 1.2 MP front camera with HD video capabilities. Available in 16, 32 or 64 GB options of storage. It was the first iPhone that supported LTE or “4G” networks. It is the oldest device still supporting iOS 10.3.1 at the time of this talk, but Apple has already announced that iOS 10.3.2 will not support 32-bit devices any more. In September, AAPL reached an all-time high of USD 95.30. In October, after more than a year in preparation, Mattt Thompson released version 1.0 of AFNetworking, certainly one of the most popular iOS open source libraries ever released in the platform. In October, Apple released the iPad mini, the first model with a screen of 8 by 5 inches, somehow fulfilling Alan Kay wishes of a tablet “worth criticizing.” That same month, the first MacBook Pro with Retina screen became available, and now the @2x hack for images was also available in the Mac. The iPhone 5 and the iPad mini, as well as the late-2012 Retina iPad are the first iOS devices to support the new “Lightning” connector, which replaced the old, venerable 30-pin Apple Dock connector, introduced in 2003 on the 3rd generation iPod. This connector change prompted the whole market to buy new connectors, bumpers, adaptors and accessories of all kinds. In their quarterly statements of 2012, Apple declared having made 156.5B in revenue selling 35M iPods, 18M Macs, 125M iPhones and 58M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2012 amounted to 271M units. Cumulated sales for the iPad in 2012 amounted to 98M units. All in all, Apple sold more than 369M iPhones and iPads since 2007. There were more than 700'000 apps available in the App Store at the end of the year. 2013 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 65.07 USD. Also in January, Objective-C ranked as “language of the year” in the TIOBE Index for the second year in a row. More or less at the same time, Twitter announced the acquisition of Crashlytics for USD 100 million, Twitter’s largest purchase at the time. Skeuomorphism. Whatever that means. Since the release of iOS 6 the previous year, the word “Skeuomorphism” invaded the press and social media. The word refers to a design trend to reproduce the look and feel, including textures and shadows, of physical objects in a computer screen, in this case an iOS touchscreen. The time had come for the first major redesign of iOS in almost 7 years, coupled to the ousting of Scott Forstall and the rise of Jonathan Ive as head of the iOS design team. In February Samsung shut off the Bada platform, merging it into the Tizen project, and Xamarin released Xamarin Studio, a set of IDE and frameworks geared towards the creation of cross-platform iOS and Android applications using the C# programming language. The fate of BlackBerry looked very dim. During the year, Jim Balsillie and Mike Lazaridis, executives from RIM, both sold a large amount of their shares. In January the company launched the BlackBerry 10 operating system, with 70'000 apps available in its store, but this could not help the company reverse its fortunes. In April the 7th film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe was released: “Iron Man 3.” In October came in the 8th: “Thor: The Dark World.” In May Crashlytics added Android support. Flatter than flat WWDC 2013 sold out in just one minute and eleven seconds. iOS 7 was the most important announcement, its biggest release since its inception. A major overhaul in the whole platform, including a complete redesign of the user interface, bringing a whole new idiom and new capabilities never before seen in the platform. For users, iOS 7 brought a redesign of the notification center, new icons, a flattened design (not always popular), the Control Center for quick access to the flashlight, AirDrop, a new Photos app, iTunes Radio, and a new card-based multitasker. It also brought FaceTime Audio, which turned out to be quite popular but also frowned upon by mobile network operators. From a developer point of view, what stood out of iOS 7 was that applications could be updated automatically; this has had a dramatic change in the way people consumed applications, and in the way developers released them. There was a large array of new frameworks available for developers in iOS 7: GameController.framework JavaScriptCore.framework MultipeerConnectivity.framework SafariServices.framework SpriteKit.framework All of these including new classes and features: The new NSURLSession family of classes Support for iBeacons The new [NSData base64EncodedStringWithOptions:] method, The new @import syntax for importing modules or frameworks The CMStepCounter class for counting steps The MKGeodesicPolyline class The default hiding of MAC addresses by the operating system for privacy purposes The support for reading QR codes through AVMetadataObjectTypeQRCode Smile detection through CIFaceFeature Text-to-speech through AVSpeechUtterance The new Text Kit built upon Core Text Dynamic Type Last but not least, the system font in iOS changed from Helvetica to Helvetica Neue. iAd lowered its minimum contract to $50 in June. The writing was on the wall. In August, the first movie about Steve Jobs was released, starring Ashton Kutcher in the lead role. Also in August, a company called Tiny Speck, founded by a certain Stewart Butterfield, starts an internal chat system called Slack. The name stands for “Searchable Log of All Conversation and Knowledge.” Apple introduced two successors to the iPhone crown: first the fast, not-coloured iPhone 5S, featuring for the first time a 64-bit dual core CPU, an Apple A7 SoC coupled with the new Apple M7 motion processor chip. With 1 GB of RAM and storage options up to 64 GB, including for the first time the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, nowadays standard all over the iOS device line, and a step counter sensor. The iPhone 5S was my fourth iPhone. But I did not get the Gold version. Always Space Black for me, please. The second successor to the iPhone 5 was the 5C, basically the same model than the 5 but cheaper, and sold in different colors, available in 8, 16 and 32 GB options of storage, with a 32-bit CPU at 1 GHz. Later that year Apple introduced the first iPad Air, a lighter design for the device which became the standard iPad look and feel still in use today in the Pro version. By December, 78% of all iOS devices had iOS 7 installed. In their quarterly statements of 2013, Apple declared having made 171B in revenue selling 26M iPods, 16.5M Macs, 150M iPhones and 71M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2013 amounted to 421M units. Cumulated sales for the iPad in 2013 amounted to 169M units. All in all, Apple sold more than 590M iPhones and iPads since 2007. The iPhone became available in Sri Lanka. There were more than a million apps in the App Store. 2014 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 71.51 USD. At the beginning of the year, a rather serious vulnerability was found in iOS 6, still running a substantially large portion of the iOS codebase. This is the famous goto fail; error, causing an error during the SSL handshake, and leading to the possibility of snooping communications from and to iOS devices. In January, Google sold Motorola Mobility to Lenovo for USD 2.91 billion, two years after having bought it for USD 12.9 billion. The company calls this operation a “success.” In February Apple bought the popular beta-testing platform TestFlight and later turned it into a relatively closed system. It removed Android support, removed support for earlier versions of iOS, applications have to be approved by Apple, there was only limited support from Apple, and only the latest build was available for download. Developers do not care, they are using Crashlytics almost exclusively. Also in February, Facebook bought WhatsApp for USD 19.3 billion. In March was released the 9th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe: Captain America, The Winter Soldier. In July came the 10th: Guardians of the Galaxy. Apple started the “lottery ticket system” for WWDC tickets. From now on, developers have to enrol for the opportunity to pay for a ticket, and I applied twice since then, without luck. I guess they know I was there four times before that. The major announcement at WWDC 2014 was, without any doubt, the release of the Swift programming language to the world. The brainchild of Chris Lattner, the creator of LLVM, Swift was presented as the natural heir and successor of the venerable Objective-C. With much stronger typing, featuring advanced features like generics, lambdas and type inference, the language became an instant hit and a major new driving force to bring new developers to the platform. Another distinctive feature of the language are the much, much longer compile times, in comparison to Objective-C, naturally relaxed in this aspect. The biggest update ever iOS 8 was a major update, touted as the biggest ever of iOS. iCloud Drive became a real file sharing option, for both the Mac and iOS, and HealthKit and HomeKit opened the door to integrate iOS in new contexts. There were many new features for developers: AVKit.framework Accelerate.framework AudioToolbox.framework CloudKit.framework CoreAudioKit.framework CoreAuthentication.framework HealthKit.framework HomeKit.framework LocalAuthentication.framework Metal.framework NetworkExtension.framework NotificationCenter.framework Photos.framework PhotosUI.framework PushKit.framework SceneKit.framework WebKit.framework iOS 8 can be thought of as the “Extensions” version of iOS, for many different services: third-party keyboards, data sharing, and others; Xcode had all the corresponding templates at hand. Even the Touch ID system was opened for third-party developers! In July, Apple and IBM signed an unprecedented partnership to develop enterprise applications around iOS. This partnership, still in work today, has led to the deployment of iOS devices in countless companies around the world. Such new features required a new version of the iPhone, and Apple did not disappoint; the release of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, both featuring bigger screens (4.7 and 5.5 inches respectively) than their predecessors, were instant hits and proved the usefulness of the Auto Layout capabilities introduced in iOS 6. They both included an Apple A8 SoC with dual core 64-bit CPUs at 1.4 GHz, up to 128 GB of storage (for the first time ever,) 1 GB of RAM, an 8 MP rear camera capable of 1080 HD video and a 1.2 MP front camera. During the same presentation, Tim Cook introduced Apple Pay. However popular as they were, they suffered the “Bendgate” by which users complained that, if left in pockets while they sit on them, the iPhones would bend. Which sounds quite logical when you say it out loud but it made people angry nevertheless. Unhappy user is unhappy In September Apple introduced the Apple Watch, opening the door to software developers to create applications for this new device; Apple Watch applications were initially “extensions” built-in inside iOS applications and running in the iPhone itself, but they became later fully-fledged applications in their own right. The Watch would be released the following year. It took 4 weeks to iOS 8 to reach 50% of all iOS devices; by December it had reached 65%. In October Steve Ballmer confessed to Charlie Rose his regrets not to have paid more attention to the phone business. Very silently, Hewlett Packard shuts off the last services related to WebOS in October. In November, version 0.1 of the Carthage project was published, becoming the first serious alternative to CocoaPods. In their quarterly statements of 2014, Apple declared having made 183B in revenue selling 14M iPods, 19M Macs, 169M iPhones and 67M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2014 amounted to 590M units. Cumulated sales for the iPad in 2014 amounted to 237M units. All in all, Apple sold more than 827M iPhones and iPads since 2007. The iPhone became available in Serbia and Kosovo. There were more than 1.3M apps in the App Store. 2015 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 117.16 USD. The developer world started this new year chanting the carol of Swift, which would become the most loved programming language in the Stack Overflow survey at the end of the year. Conferences, books, blog posts, podcasts, everybody in the developer community started praising the language, and promptly started rewriting the world in it. In March a new biography of Steve Jobs was released, “Becoming Steve Jobs” with the support from Tim Cook and other high ranking executives. In April, the 11th film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise was released: Avengers: Age of Ultron. In June came the 12th, Ant Man. During WWDC 2015, Chris Lattner showed the second version of the Swift programming language, announcing that it would be made open source by the end of the year. iOS 9 and watchOS 2 are also announced, including enhancements to Siri, Apple Music and other “me too” features inspired from Android and Windows. All the platforms produced by Apple now feature the same font, San Francisco. In June Apple released the “Move to iOS” Android application to help users switch their data to the iPhone. The Apple Watch went on sale, and made Apple the 2nd biggest watch maker in the planet in just a few months. The new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus bring new standards to the platform: Apple A9 SoC with dual-core 64-bit CPUs at 1.85 GHz, with 2 GB of RAM (for the first time,) storage options up to 128 GB and a 12 MP rear camera capable of 4K video recording. They also feature 3D Touch, the possibility of triggering actions on applications by hard-pressing on the screen. The usefulness of this last feature is still debatable at best. The iPad Pro was the first major upgrade to the iPad lineup since 2012, and was brought together with the Apple Pencil and the Smart Keyboard, bringing the interaction level of the iPad on par to that of similar laptops, and using a design and concept that was similar to that of the Microsoft Surface introduced a few years earlier. The iPad Pro featured up to 128 GB of storage, 4 GB of RAM, an Apple A9X Soc with dual-core 64-bit CPU at 2.26 GHz and an 8 MP rear camera. These specs were unprecedented in the platform so far. Oh, that remote control, oh noes. A new Apple TV also came out at the end of 2015, featuring an App Store for applications built exclusively for it. Apple TV applications are distributed as part of standard iOS applications, increasing the perceived value of the platform to consumers. This new Apple TV comes bundled with a remote control that seems designed with hatred and which triggers automatically every time you sit on it. A film adaptation by Aaron Sorkin and directed by Danny Boyle of the biography of Steve Jobs, with Michael Fassbender starring in the title role, was released on October 9th. Xcode 7 came out and featured a migration assistant to port all of your Swift 1 code to Swift 2. You can call it a migraine assistant if you want. In October, David Heinemeier Hansson, creator of Ruby on Rails, published a piece about the App Store model, called “Don’t base your business on a paid app.” The first releases of the server-side frameworks Perfect, Vapor, Zewo and Kitura are released, showing that there is a market interest in server-side solutions written in Swift. Kitura is produced by IBM as part of their partnership with Apple, and it shows the interest of IBM to use Swift as the next Java. The release of Swift for Linux as part of the open source project makes them immediately available for running in computers running the Linux operating system, even on Raspberry Pi devices. By December, iOS 9 was installed in 75% of all active iOS devices. In their quarterly statements of 2015, Apple declared having made 234B in revenue selling 20.5M Macs, 231M iPhones and 54M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2015 amounted to 821M units. Cumulated sales for the iPad in 2015 amounted to 291M units. All in all, Apple sold more than 1.11B iPhones and iPads since 2007. There were more than 1.8M apps in the App Store. 2016 On January 1st, AAPL closed at 97.34 USD. In January, Apple announced that the iAd network was going to shut down in June. In February WhatsApp announced over one billion users, and Microsoft bought Xamarin for a price estimated between 400 and 500 million USD. In May, Instagram changed its icon. wat In March Apple released the iPhone SE as a successor of the 5S, and a new 9.7-inch big iPad Pro as well, including a 4K-capable 12 MP rear camera, and a storage option of up to 256 GB, for the first time in the platform. Apple celebrated its 40th anniversary in April 1st. Also in April, the 13th film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe was released: Captain America: Civil War. In October came the 14th: Doctor Strange. Swift 3, Xcode 8 and iOS 10 were all shown in June during WWDC 2016, and released in September together with the new iPhone 7. For users, iOS 10 allowed for the first time to hide the icons of the stock applications installed by Apple; it had new bubble effects in the iMessage application; a new Home application (fundamental complement for the HomeKit framework;) a new design for Apple Music; Apple Pay support in Safari; a Magnifier; and collaboration features in the Notes application. For developers, iOS 10 brought new possibilities: Customize and interact with notifications The possibility to create iMessage apps to be sold through the App Store A new Siri framework Tighter integration of custom content in Maps The new CallKit framework for VoIP applications to integrate with the phone application A new speech recognition engine: SFSpeechRecognizer The True Tone display that dims the screen following the current lightning Better search through Core Spotlight and the CSSearchQuery class UIPasteboard, available since iPhone OS 3, now also works for copy-pasting between devices New app extensions: Call Directory, Intents, Intents UI, Messages, Notification Content, Notification Service, and Sticker Pack. New Photo capture API: AVCapturePhotoOutput Apple Pay was available in many new countries, including Switzerland starting in July. Also in July Apple announced the sale of the Billionth iPhone, making it the most successful product in modern history all categories combined: The following is a list of the best-selling products across several categories: Car model: VW Beetle 21.5 million Car brand: Toyota Corolla 43 million Music Album: Thriller 70 million Vehicle: Honda Super Cub 87 million Book Title: Lord of the Rings 150 million Toy: Rubik’s Cube 350 million Game console: Playstation 382 million Book series: Harry Potter Series 450 million Mobile Phone: iPhone 1 billion The iPhone is not only the best selling mobile phone but also the best selling music player, the best selling camera, the best selling video screen and the best selling computer of all time. It is, quite simply, the best selling product of all time. — Horace Dediu. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were released in September, with the following specifications: Apple A10 Fusion SoC with quad-core 64-bit CPUs at 2.34 GHz, 2 or 3 GB of RAM, up to 256 GB of storage, a 12 MP rear camera capable of 4K recording and a 7 MP front camera. Of course the most important non-feature of the iPhone 7 was the lack of a headphone jack, which is proof of courage. Apple released an updated, waterproof version of the Apple Watch. In September all development in Firefox OS ceases completely. It took two weeks for iOS 10 to reach 50% of active devices. By December it was installed in 75% of them. In their quarterly statements of 2016, Apple declared having made 215B in revenue selling 18.5M Macs, 212M iPhones and 45.5M iPads. Cumulated sales for the iPhone in 2016 amounted to 1.03B units. Cumulated sales for the iPad in 2016 amounted to 337.5M units. All in all, Apple sold more than 1.3B iPhones and iPads since 2007. There were more than 2.1M apps in the App Store at the end of the year, more than a million of them compatible with the iPad. 2017 And Beyond I spent Christmas 2016 and New Year 2017 in Madrid, just as I did 10 years earlier. 1 billion iPhones earlier. On January 1st, AAPL closed at 121.35 USD. On January 10th, Chris Lattner, the creator of Swift and LLVM, left Apple and joined Tesla. Later the same month, Crashlytics announced that they were being purchased by Google. In March, Apple released the new iteration of the iPhone SE, and then changed the file system of pretty much every iOS, tvOS and watchOS device in the planet (a number counted in billions) and nobody noticed. The new file system is focused on Solid-State Drives and encrypted volumes — that is, the present and the future. Another notable releases so far this year were the iPhone 7 Product RED and the AirPods. The iPad Pro has today as much RAM as the first iPhone had of SSD storage: 4 GB. The show is hosted by survivors of the “2016 Celebritycalypse” Apple unveiled the trailer for “Planet of the Apps” — a reality show with Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow and Will.i.am. Analysts are starting to notice that sales of Apple devices have been slowing down for the past two years, even if there is still room to grow. But the headlines of financial magazines do not talk about the crisis of the independent software maker, suffering from the very structure of the App Store: If your goal is just to make money temporarily (which is up to you), then the race to the bottom — with all its attendant risks, and its environmentally corrosive effect — is probably your best bet. You also need to acknowledge that you’ve marked your work as being essentially worthless, and that it’ll be discarded just as quickly. Your most vocal supporters will turn on you the minute you ask for more money (remember the extra levels for Monument Valley?). They simply won’t value you enough to even consider paying again, because you’ve already taught them that your work isn’t worth it. — Matt Gemmell Today, the current version of iOS is 10.3.1. iOS 10 is installed in at least 90% of all devices. The oldest supported device at the time of this talk is the iPhone 5, released in 2012. This year will be released Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2, Spider Man: Homecoming and Thor: Ragnarok, the 15th to 17th films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, considered to be the highest-grossing film franchise of all times. Swift 4 is in the horizon, although there will be no fixed Application Binary Interface this year, and WWDC will no longer happen in San Francisco. But a new Xcode Migration Assistant will most probably happen for sure. To this day, Apple has sold 1.16B iPhones, 360M iPads, for a cumulated total of 1.5B iOS devices (not counting iPod touch devices!) Of course not all of these devices are currently in use. iPhone is the best selling product ever. The most controversial. The most hated. The most loved. The sign of our times. There was a before and after the iPhone. But what comes next? As I write this, AAPL hovers at 146 USD. Thank you so much for your attention. Sources akosma software blog: iPhone Apps without Objective-C Apple Developer Website Asymco Daring Fireball Archive Gizmodo: A Brief History of iOS iMore: 2015 Hall of Fame Internet Archive Wayback Machine: Apple in 2007 Nicolas Seriot: iOS Runtime Headers project in Github Telegraph: Apple iOS — A Brief History The Verge: A Video History of iOS, iOS: A Visual History Wikipedia articles: iPad Pro, Apple Worldwide Developers Conference, History of iPhone, App Store (iOS), iOS Version History and others. Yahoo! Finance: AAPL Thanks Thanks to Anastasiia Vixentael, Claudia Pinto Prieto, Florent Pillet, Gabriel García Marengo, Graham Lee, María Luz Racca, and Patrick Balestra for their feedback, comments and revision of early drafts of this speech. Slides The slides of the conference are available in SpeakerDeck: Apple iOS History Technology iPhone 49 3 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Adrian Kosmaczewski Founder and trainer at AKOSMA Training https://akosma.training • Born in 🇦🇷 • Living in 🇨🇭 • Writes in English, French and Spanish Share 49 Never miss a story from Adrian Kosmaczewski, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from Adrian Kosmaczewski BlockedUnblockFollowGet updates
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Speakers Feature WWDC wish list: What we’d like from the Siri Speaker Impeccable security, more third-party integrations, and a camera that turns off easily are on the top of our list. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Susie Ochs Executive Editor, Macworld | May 15, 2017 5:13 AM PT More like this WWDC wish list: What we’d like to see from watchOS 4 To fix the Apple TV, why not free Siri from the Siri Remote? Review: Refined iOS 6 highlighted by stunning Maps overhaul Video What happens to companies that depend on the iPhone? A recent rumor posited that Apple’s answer to the Amazon Echo, which we’ve been calling the Siri Speaker, could be announced at WWDC. This isn’t a new idea—we’ve been ruminating on the possibility of such a product for years. And while all you’d really need for a Siri Speaker is a speaker that has Siri, that might not be enough to unseat the Echo or the Google Home—not to mention the brand-new Echo Show, which ups the ante by adding a screen, perfect for videochatting. Or would it? After all, a connected speaker with AI seems like it would be right up Apple’s alley—a marriage of hardware, software, and services wrapped up in one attractive device (not unlike an iPad) with as few buttons as possible. [ Further reading: The best Bluetooth speakers ] I’m no Jony Ive, but here’s what I’d be interested to see in a Siri Speaker. Great sound, W1 chip, and AirPlay Thanks to its acquisition of Beats, I’m confident Apple could start by making the speaker sound amazing. I love the sound from the AirPods, for example, and I love how easily they pair with my Apple devices, and how the sound always stays in perfect sync between the two earbuds, even without a wire connecting them. Apple could surely use those lessons (and the same W1 chip that’s in the AirPods and latest Beats headphones) to make its speaker work as a multi-room audio system. But if Apple makes its Siri Speaker high-end (and there’s no reason they wouldn’t), it might be too pricey to put one in the living room, one in the kitchen, one in the bedroom, and so on. Apple could follow Amazon’s lead of having different-sized versions at different prices, and the Siri Speaker should allow you to send audio to other AirPlay or even Bluetooth speakers you already own. A screen Amazon The Echo Show looks pretty good.  If Apple does roll out multiple models, the flagship will likely have a screen. In an interview just before Amazon unveiled the Echo Show, Apple exec Phil Schiller said that while sometimes you’d want to use just your voice, in other cases, a screen is needed. “So there’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” he said to Gadgets 360. “So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations.” He went on to cite photos as a reason you’d want a screen—so look for Apple’s iCloud Photo Library and Shared albums to make an appearance. But then Schiller also said that a screen would make for better games, which made me wonder what kind of games would even make sense—trivia, maybe, or gamifying a task list? The casual tvOS games played with the Apple TV remote haven’t exactly set the world on fire, nor have games designed for the small-screened Apple Watch. Still, a screen could help show reminders, calendar appointments, recipes, search results, YouTube videos—anything you’d take an iPad into your kitchen for, basically. Not to mention the killer feature… Video chat (with a camera you can turn off) FaceTime is where a screen and camera would make the most sense. Amazon’s Echo Show includes a videochat feature, but Amazon is more or less starting from zero here, even though it’s rolling out voice calling to older Echo units at the same time. Apple’s installed base of FaceTime-ready devices simply swamps that, and so the Siri Speaker should have FaceTime calling, both voice and video. Apple could even up the ante with FaceTime conference calling, to give the Siri Speaker an exclusive feature over iPads, iPhones, and Macs. Of course, to FaceTime you need a camera, and the Siri Speaker should have a wide-angle camera to get more of the room in the picture, and include augmented reality features like Snapchat, so you can change your appearance or add virtual objects to the room. Myfox Impeccable security, more third-party integrations, and a camera that turns off easily are on the top of our list. And since Apple values privacy, I’d like the camera to have a physical cover you could slide over it when you don’t want it watching your every move. Heck, motorize the cover, and Siri could close it for you—or even keep it closed until you have a reason to use it. The Myfox Security Camera shown above, for example, has a motorized door that completely covers the camera when you’re at home, and then automatically opens when you leave, so it can watch your empty house. Whatever Apple decides, I want a quick and easy way to shut the camera down and know for sure that it’s off. Souped-up Siri I often avoid talking to Siri on my phone because I’m frankly over the cheeky responses. For example, every night I wake my iPhone, pop open the Control Center, and then slide over two panels to turn off my HomeKit lamp. I could just say, “Hey Siri, good night,” and the light would turn off. But my phone invariably replies with, “Nighty night don’t let the data bugs bite!” or something and then I go to bed all irritated. Who wants a computer to joke about bugs? IDG Ugh. For the Siri Speaker to succeed, Siri needs to be something you actually enjoy talking to. Maybe the settings app can have a way to dial down the quips, or you could say a phrase like “Can we not?” to teach Siri when it’s annoying you. I’d also like Siri to work a little harder to figure out how to actually answer my questions. A voice assistant should never say, “I don’t know,” but if I don’t phrase my queries to Siri just right, sometimes the reply is more or less a shrug: Siri will say it can’t do that, instead of just running a web search. And when Siri on my iPhone or iPad does run a web search, the results aren’t presented in an organized, easy to read way—a Siri Speaker with a screen will need to do better than just a list of links with truncated descriptions. The next time Siri gives you an unsatisfying answer, try opening the Google app, tapping the microphone, and asking Google the same query. Yes, it’s searching Google every time, but guess what, that almost always produces better results. IDG Siri, if you don’t know, don’t make a joke. Just look it up! You’re a computer!  iCloud and family concerns Apple’s Family Sharing feature works more or less OK for sharing calendars, manually adding your favorite photos to a shared album, and checking on each other’s whereabouts with the Find My Friends app. But it’s far from perfect, and it still struggles with some things that should be standard in a product like a Siri Speaker. IDG Can you imagine how frustrating my family will find Siri if it bungles queries this badly and can't tell our voices apart? First of all, the Siri Speaker needs to work equally well for everyone in the family. It should be able to recognize us by voice, and remember the difference between my husband’s calendar, text messages, and favorite teams, and my own. Which means it’s going to have to be the very first Apple product that allows you to seamlessly stay logged in to two iCloud accounts at once. If I ask it to play an album my husband purchased that I have access to via Family Sharing, it should play right away as if all that music is in one library and not separate buckets I have to switch between. Frankly, I’m a little concerned that I’ll set an appointment by voice and it’ll go on the wrong calendar, and that trying to make a correction by voice will lead to multiple wrong calendar entries. This is going to be a tricky problem, but if Apple doesn’t get it right, the Siri Speaker could be more frustrating than useful. An SDK and “Made for Siri” program Amazon is doubling down on the Echo device ecosystem, letting hardware makers ship devices with Alexa inside, and encouraging software developers to integrate with Alexa, leading to 12,000 “skills” Alexa can pull off, from ordering a pizza to checking your bank balance to make sure you can afford extra cheese. Apple, on the other hand, has been timid about opening Siri to third-party developers, greatly limiting the scope of what’s possible and giving preferential treatment to the company’s own services. You can set an Echo speaker to default to Spotify or Pandora instead of Amazon’s own Prime Music offering, for example, but Siri’s full playback controls only work with Apple Music. While Apple’s Siri team keeps loading it up with more sports trivia and movie listings, Amazon has made Alexa better by far at the kinds of things you’d actually ask a voice assistant to do. Apple has a ways to go to catch up, both in software integrations and eventually Siri-enabled hardware from other companies. HomeKit control with impeccable security I always think of Apple software, including Siri, as being rock-solidly secure. But remember the guy whose neighbor got into his HomeKit-enabled house by standing outside and hollering, “Hey Siri, unlock the front door?” That’s not good. In that case, the always-listening device was an iPad—and if the homeowner had a passcode on that iPad, Siri wouldn’t have unlocked the door without it. But a Siri Speaker would have more powerful microphones that would be even more likely to pick up commands coming from outside the house, and right now HomeKit doesn’t support granular permissions for who is allowed to control not only innocuous products like lights and fans, but critical ones like locks and garage doors. Apple also needs to sell users on the security of the Siri Speaker itself. If the Echo and Google Home have more abilities out of the box, Apple will have to highlight how the Siri Speaker keeps your queries under lock and key, and isn’t surreptitiously recording your conversations and sending them off to the cloud. Apple certainly has its work cut out for it—the Siri Speaker has to look great, sound great, consistently offer delight without frustration, adapt to a whole family’s needs, and offer ironclad security. Of course, Apple has come late to product categories before to wind up dominating—I can’t wait to see if the Siri Speaker is a game-changer like the iPod or a hobby like the Apple TV. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Speakers Consumer Electronics Apple Siri HomeKit Family Sharing Alexa Susie is an Apple-obsessed writer and editor, thrill seeker, and burrito enthusiast. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Tech Search Search bill gatesBill Gates Advises College Graduates on Today’s Most Promising Careers Most Powerful WomenGretchen Carlson: Reporting Sexual Harassment to HR Can Backfire Ford MotorFord Motor Is Set to Slash About 10 % of Its Global Workforce, Report Says CybersecurityThe Wannacry Cyber Attack Puts NSA Hacking Back Into Focus Best Companies Watch Apple Park’s Construction Progress Over the Last Year Don Reisinger May 15, 2017 As Apple employees prepare to move in to their new headquarters, one documentarian is looking back over the past year to show what it took to get them there. Documentarian Matthew Roberts on Sunday published his latest drone video, recapping progress for the construction of Apple Park—the official name of Apple's new headquarters—over the last 12 months. The video focuses in part on the company's main, ring-shaped building, where most of the 12,000 Apple (aapl) employees slated to work there will find their offices. In June, the building, which has been called the "spaceship" because of its design, still didn't have a roof and construction crews were working feverishly to gets solar panels up there. As the months wore on, however, construction crews made significant progress, and most of the solar panels were sitting atop the building by the end of the year. Now it appears to be nearly completed, if it's not done already. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Apple Park is the brainchild of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and has been under construction in Cupertino, Calif. for the last several years. In addition to the main, 2.8-million-square-foot building, it will have a 100,000-square-foot fitness center, numerous restaurants, and a research-and-development facility, among other facilities. When it's complete, Apple Park will also be surrounded by 9,000 trees, an orchard, a meadow, and a pond. It'll also be completely powered by renewable energy. After the main building, Roberts took viewers on a tour of a new auditorium Apple has planned, which will be known as the Steve Jobs Theater. However, unlike the main office building, the auditorium's construction progress has been slower, and the 1,000-seat facility is still in full-on construction mode. Apple Park's massive underground parking tunnel also appears to be under construction, but coming along nicely over the last year. The research-and-development facility, however, is fully completed. Apple employees are slated to start moving into Apple Park soon. Apple has said that it will likely take six months to move employees into the facility. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power | Main | Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches » May 15, 2017 VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold   In February 2016 Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple's iMessage and Wi-Fi Calling Targeted in new Patent Lawsuit." A patent troll by the name of VoIP-Pal who acquired a 2013 patent from Digifonica was seeking damages of $2.8 billion in damages. Today we learn that VoIP-Pal.com announced plans to increase damage demands in lawsuits versus Apple, Verizon and AT&T. More specifically, the company is raising damages against Apple by almost tenfold from $2.8 billion to more than $25 billion.   It's reported today that "VoIP-Pal has determined its initial claim for damages was calculated using a significantly lower royalty monetization model than has been used in actual court awards of recent patent infringement cases.   VoIP-Pal remains cautiously conservative with its newly revised calculations, using an amount 25% below actual recent court awards for damages. Upon the lifting of the current stay pending the completion of the instituted Inter Partes Reviews expected later this year, the Company may file an amended pleading to reflect the more accurate damage calculation model.   Utilizing the updated damages award calculation methods, the revised total damages sought by VoIP-Pal from Apple would rise from more than two billion dollars ($2,836,710,031), to more than twenty-five billion dollars ($25,642,557,840).   An award in VoIP-Pal's favor may also include additional punitive damages awarded by the court, up to triple damages increasing the newly revised potential maximum total award to VoIP-Pal to over one hundred two billion dollars, ($102,570,231,360)."   I think someone over at VoIP is dreaming and a little detached from reality. But if you're going to dream, you may as well dream big, right? When VoIP wakes up, they'll realize that they're a 0.035 cent stock that is looking for a big pay day that's never going to happen.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 15, 2017 at 05:30 AM in 3. Patently Legal | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Like the Pharaohs who built the Great Pyramids, Apple Park was designed to Project Power Apple has designed a new Siri Architecture allowing Two Digital Assistants to Communicate with Each Other Apple Acquires Lattice Data, their Third Major AI Company in Three Years Steve Jobs Changed the Attire Worn at Keynotes Forever and most Tech CEO's Copy his Style to this Day The FTC Responds to Qualcomm's Motion to dismiss their case about Monopoly Power, Samsung & Intel File Amicus Briefs Quanta Reports Best Q1 sales since 2012 Due to Strong MacBook Pro sales, Considers Dropping Apple Watch Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Tablets Apple may launch 10.5in iPad Pro alongside Siri Speaker at WWDC 2017 Ming-Chi Kuo expects Apple to ship 6 million 10.5in iPad Pro this year. By Sarmistha Acharya May 15, 2017 14:04 BST Apple could launch 10.5in iPad Pro at WWDC 2017Getty Images/Gabrielle Lurie Apple is expected to launch two new hardware products at its upcoming Worldwide Developer's Conference (WWDC), which is mostly a software-related event. Last week Apple began sending out press invites for its annual developer conference that starts from 5 June. The keynote would take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, California. A report by renowned analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, obtained by 9to5Mac, states there is more than 50% chance of Apple likely to announce the Siri speaker and more than 70% chance of an all-new design 10.5in iPad Pro. As for the software side, the company is expected to announce iOS 11, macOS 10.13, tvOS 11 and watchOS 4. However, Kuo did not provide an insight into the functionality of the new softwares. Kuo believes the 10.5in iPad Pro featuring an all new design would enter mass production late second quarter. The new iPad would look similar to that of the 9.7in iPad Pro but with narrower bezels. It is likely to sport a large display into the same approximate chassis size. Kuo predicts that Apple might ship as much as six million 10.5in iPad units this year. He also says the Siri Speaker will be launched alongside the 'announcement of software development details for home AI' at the conference. The device might come with premium audio quality and a higher price tag than the Amazon Echo. A key feature of the speaker is said to be a touch panel. More from IBTimes UK New Apple iPad Pro 2 range now rumoured for summer release date Apple planning to launch 3 new iPad models in 2017? Apple may launch 3 iPad models in 2017 including a bezel free variant Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 - Announcement Teaser Columnists Nazir Afzal “I prosecuted the Rochdale child grooming gang. It wasn't about race READ MORE List of major companies hit by ransomware around the globe High-profile organisations such as the NHS, Renault, FedEx, Bank of... Netflix is running a controversial trial to put prices up on weekends Small-scale test sees Australian Netflix users asked to pay more to... United Airlines cockpit door codes accidentally leaked online United Airlines operates around 4,500 flights to more than 330... WannaCry 2.0? New ransomware variant without kill switch emerges The new variant is harder to kill and raises fears of a renewed wave... North Korea 'linked' to global WannaCry cyberattacks by shared malware code Lazarus Group hackers also linked to Bangladesh Bank heist in 2016. The rise of VR porn: Pornhub reveals eye-opening facts about latest sex craze New statistics show the growing demand for the immersive world of VR... 'Targeted attack gone wrong': Was the WannaCry ransomware epidemic an accident? Hackers' bitcoin wallets may prove they were 'unprepared' for such a... Is the 'WannaCry' ransomware attack the wake-up call the world needed? Ransomware has spread across the world - disrupting UK hospitals and... Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 announced: Spider-Gwen, Black Panther and more confirmed Baby Groot and Doctor Strange feature in short teaser ahead of full... Has the global ransomware attack given bitcoin its bad name back? Ties to the global WannaCry ransomware attack have undone years of... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nintendo addicts rejoice: Firm's classic gaming franchise The Legend of Zelda is coming to smartphones The Legend of Zelda was first released in 1987 and has been a fan favourite since Nintendo is rumoured to be developing an app for release this financial year The new Zelda title will seek to replicate the successes of Super Mario Run By Tim Collins For Mailonline Published: 08:11 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 12:42 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 68 shares 6 View comments A fantasy adventure that has captivated video gamers since the 1980s could soon be coming to your smartphone. Nintendo is rumoured to be developing a Legend of Zelda mobile app for Android and Apple's iOS operating systems. The release date has not yet been confirmed, but is believed that the Japanese gaming company are hoping to have it on the market before the end of the financial year. Scroll down for video  Nintendo is rumoured to be developing a Legend of Zelda mobile gaming app for Android and Apple's iOS operating systems. The first Legend of Zelda game was released in 1987, with the most recent (pictured) out in March for the Nintendo Switch (Stock image) THE LEGEND OF ZELDA The first Legend of Zelda game, launched in 1987, was an early hit on Nintendo's iconic NES gaming system. Over the years there have been countless additions to the franchise, but this will be the first time the game will be available on mobile devices. Nintendo are currently thought to be working on three new mobile games, including an app version of the life simulation game Animal Crossing which is planned for sometime this year. The new Zelda title is believed to be scheduled for release soon after. It's not yet clear whether the upcoming Zelda game will cost a one-off purchase price, or will be free to play as with previous Nintendo mobile game Fire Emblem Heroes. The first Legend of Zelda game, launched in 1987, was an early hit on Nintendo's iconic NES gaming system. Over the years there have been countless additions to the franchise, but this will be the first time the game will be available on mobile devices. The game will be controlled via touchscreen displays on smartphones and tablets. This is not the first time that Nintendo has taken on the mobile gaming market. Super Mario Run was launched on December 15, 2016, in 151 countries. It was downloaded roughly 78 million times and raked in around £41 million ($53 million) in its first month alone.  Nintendo are currently believed to be working on three new mobile games, including an app version of the life simulation game Animal Crossing which is planned for sometime this year.  Speaking to Time about the firm's mobile aspirations, Nintendo President Tatsumi Kimishima said: 'There are so many mobile devices in the marketplace and in the hands of consumers, this is a great tool for us to push our intellectual property to a large number of people. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Japanese firms are employing ROBOTS to replace the... Rare William Caxton medieval text that was part of one of... Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that... Meet Skydrive: Toyota backs Japanese flying CAR that could... Share this article Share 68 shares 'This is a great way to introduce them to our franchises and characters, and thereby bring them back to Nintendo's dedicated hardware as well as introduce them to Nintendo's expanded software library.' The new Zelda title will seek to replicate Super Mario Runs successes and is believed to be schedule for released soon after Animal Crossing.  This is not the first time that Nintendo has taken on the mobile gaming market. Super Mario Run (pictured) was launched on December 15, 2016, in 151 countries. The new Zelda title will seek to replicate its successes (stock image) The most recent title in the franchise, 'The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild', was one of the star attractions of the Nintendo Switch games console (pictured). The Switch hit shelves across the world back in March (stock image) The most recent title in the franchise, 'The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild', was one of the star attractions of the Nintendo Switch games console. The Switch hit shelves across the world back in March and is selling for £279.99 (around $340).     It's not yet clear whether the upcoming Zelda game will cost a one-off purchase price, or will be free to play as with previous Nintendo mobile game Fire Emblem Heroes. Read more: Nintendo Switch: TIME Interviews President Tatsumi Kimishima | Time.com Nintendo Developing ‘The Legend of Zelda’ Smartphone Game - WSJ Share or comment on this article e-mail 68 shares Most watched News videos How satisfied do you feel after watching silicone being rolled? Curious bear gets scared off by doll when trying to open trashcan Daring shirtless man steals police vehicle in Houston Disturbing video: Villagers torture wolf by setting dogs on it Russian prisoner got his body stuck between his cell bars Golfers watch on as huge alligator chows down on fish Heartwarming mother-daughter pit bull reunion at ASPCA Passenger has pizza delivered to stalled Amtrak train Shocking video of busy road almost set ABLAZE by lightning strike First Marine Corps recruitment ad with female fighters Escape tunnel connected to a wooden house is found in Mexican prison Amazing moment a groom's Scottish rugby team do a surprise Haka Migrants and the Mob: Notorious 'Ndrangheta mafia clan... Now that's a view! Slackliners defy gravity - and common... Bin Laden didn’t just sit around in a cave hiding from US... France's new president unveils pro-immigration Republican... 'It's like the US military having Tomohawk missiles... Is this the worst jailbreak attempt ever? Hapless... Woman is detained after crooks who conned her out of life... ‘Imagine getting a knuckle crushed in there’: Strangely... Putin blames US intelligence services for WannaCry cyber... Why Americanisms are totally awesome: Countdown's Susie... Terrifying moment a busy street is struck by lightning... US and EU to meet Wednesday to discuss possible laptop... World War Two speed boats! Incredible photographs show... In a whirl! Incredible moment a 15ft high dust devil... Scare Bear! Grizzly about to rummage through the trash is... Private sector litter enforcers earn up to £1,000 a MONTH... Hero pilot tells how he went back INTO sinking helicopter... Crust in time! Committed pizza boy leaps over streams and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 6 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that Campi Flegrei is at a 'critical stage' in the build... From the laws of mathematics to human consciousness: Expert explains why he thinks God DOES exist The 30 seconds that sentenced dinosaurs to their doom: New BBC documentary reveals the moment an asteroid... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth The 'winged serpent' found in an ancient sinkhole: Fossil is new species of snake that lived 5 million years... Why you can't blame alcohol for bad behaviour: It DOESN'T alter personality - it just makes you more... Tractor beams, acoustic holograms and phones you never need to touch: Experts reveal the five ultrasound... SpaceX blasts off with record-breaking satellite payload in first launch for Inmarsat Mining the moon could give us enough rocket fuel to get to Mars, student project discovers Pentagon plans to use AI to defeat ISIS: Project Maven set to analyse drone footage Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe Can YOU tell which table is bigger? Optical illusion plays tricks with our depth perception Plastic Island: A hermit crab living in a make-up pot. A turtle strangled by discarded cord. It’s miles from... MORE HEADLINES Is Italy's SUPERVOLCANO about to blow? Experts warn that Campi Flegrei is at a 'critical stage' in the build up to a devastating eruption The 'giant lava lamp' inside the Earth that might FLIP the planet's magnetic field From the laws of mathematics to human consciousness: Expert explains why he thinks God DOES exist Are you ready for the 'Great American Eclipse?' How to prepare for the incredible phenomenon that will darken the country from Oregon to South Carolina in just 100 days What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth Plastic Island: A hermit crab living in a make-up pot. A turtle strangled by discarded cord. It’s miles from civilisation but this deserted atoll’s STILL chocked with 37million piece of our rubbish  Say goodbye to the MP3: Format is officially 'killed off' after founders terminate its licensing programme Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites The elegant song and dance that keeps Earth-like planets in the Trappist 1 system from destroying each other 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life Why nobody will own a car in 2030: Self-driving, electric ride-shares will spell the end for traditional automobiles Meet Skydrive: Toyota backs Japanese flying CAR that could take to the skies next year Can YOU tell which table is bigger? Optical illusion plays tricks with our depth perception Apple to unveil redesigned iPad next month alongside Beats Siri speaker in attempt to boost flagging tablet sales MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Japanese firms are employing ROBOTS to replace the plummeting working-age population 50 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
