Skip to content Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Find us on Google+ Follow us on Tumblr Find us on LinkedIn MBEDDED Stay In Tech Primary Menu Home News Culture Entertainment Music Movies & TV Gaming Cars Social How-To Deals Tech Gadgets Phones Tablets Wearable Tech Laptops PC 2-in-1 VR Streaming Media Players E-Readers Headphones Smart Home TV Hoverboards Cameras Accessories Apple Google Microsoft Apps & Software Carriers US & World Business Silicon Valley Science Reviews Hands-On Rumors Toptal About Site Notices Contact Us Advertise Search Search for: Apps & Software, How-To, News How-To: Get an iOS 10 Look and Feel on Android in 2 Steps Just this past Tuesday, Apple officially launched their much-anticipated software upgrade called iOS 10 which has begun rolling out to iOS devices everywhere. One of the biggest attractions people tend to see in iOS 10 is its looks which, no doubt, are pretty stunning. With transparency as far as the eye can see and gestures, animations, and clean wallpapers that are extremely appealing, some users may be tempted to switch over to Apple’s side. And yes, I’m talking about Android users. See, some of us Droid users don’t really want to switch over to iOS, but with its looks and feature set you may be pretty tempted. But if you’re like me, you just simply don’t have the cash in the bank to score an iPhone running the latest software. Luckily, since I’m directing this conversation to Android users, there’s an answer to your problem, and it comes in the form of a launcher. Yes, that’s right people. At the heart of Android is customization, everywhere from the home screen to how your keyboard looks, what lock screen you use, and which quick access toggles appear in the notification shade. And while all of this can be tweaked to fit your lifestyle or personality, some of you may be looking for something similar to iOS. Sure, I don’t have a killer lock screen or iOS-replicated keyboard I can show you, but with a certain launcher available for free on the Play Store and one wallpaper, you can score a very similar experience to iOS 10 right on your Android phone. Let’s jump into how you can get an iOS 10 look and feel right on your Android phone in as little as two steps. 1. The Launcher: Evie Introduction The launcher we’ll be using for that iOS 10-like experience is one I’ve grown very fond to called Evie. It’s available for free in the Play Store and is entirely focused around the idea of search. A universal pull-down search shade can be accessed from anywhere in the launcher which allows you to search for apps and games either on your phone or available from the Play Store alongside find music, movies and show times, contacts, and Google searches right from your home screen. Of course, all of this can be accessed via something like the Google Now Launcher, but we’re going for an iOS vibe here and not a stock Android one. Transparency is the name of the game for Evie. All over this launcher you’ll find transparent backgrounds which give off a different effect depending on the type of wallpapers you choose. I tend to go for busier wallpapers with more detail as they look best with the bokeh and transparent looks Evie gives you, but that’s just my opinion. There’s also one big factor coming into play that this launcher tends to capitalize off of a bit, and that’s the lack of an app drawer… button. See, by swiping all the way to the left hand side of Evie, you’ll find your app drawer. Rather a button on a dock (which, by the way, is for some reason not present), you’ll be using swiping gestures to access all your apps. If you’re not a fan of this method, you can always pull down and start typing. Within this left-most pane is where you’ll find your widgets and settings as well (yep, widgets are available in this iOS-like launcher which, by the way, are probably one of the shining features). Things like the ability to change your icon size to the icon pack, how many rows and columns you want present on your home screen for app shortcuts, and whether you’d like a slick-looking Google app swipe-up shortcut on your home screen are all present in the settings section. You’ve also got access to a feedback link which will allow you to send your feedback about Evie to the developers, something I’ve done many a time with many a response from Team Evie themselves. All in all, this method of navigation is very fluid and very reminiscent of iOS. If you’re looking for a launcher similar to iOS 10 but shares the same powers of Android like embeddable widgets and icon packs, Evie’s the way to go. With universal search, you’ll no doubt find apps on your Droid as fast or faster than an iPhone, plus have access to movie showtimes, music links, Google searches, and contacts. I for one love Evie and definitely think it’s worth checking out. How to install On your Android phone, go to the Play Store, tap the search bar, enter “Evie”, and hit “Enter”. Alternatively, you can tap this link on your device. Then, when you find the listing that says, “Evie Launcher”, tap on it and tap “Install”. Evie will begin installing and can then be set as your default home screen by pressing the home button and hitting Evie > Always on the popup menu. After that’s completed, feel free to set up your icons, grid size, widgets, and more just the way you like it. But don’t bother changing your wallpaper just yet. That step’s coming up right now. 2. The Wallpaper: Stock iOS 10 To give Evie a really strong iOS 10-like feel, I’ve grabbed the stock iOS 10 wallpaper from the internet and copied it over to my phone. Then when I set the wallpaper, I get a very iOS-like appearance thanks to Evie’s launcher and feature set and the background ripped straight off of Apple’s smartphones. If you’d like to download the image to your phone and complete our iOS 10 experience on Android, long press on this link and select “Save link”. Once that’s completed, the image will begin downloading to your phone and you’ll be ready to set it as your wallpaper. To set this image as your wallpaper, right inside Evie, head over to the left-most panel, swipe twice to the right to access the “Settings” pane, tap “Change Wallpaper”, and in the available images, tap “My photos”. This will take you to a file manager-type interface. From the hamburger menu on the left, just tap “Recent” and the wallpaper we downloaded should be the first one listed. Tap on the background, hit “Set wallpaper” at the top, and you’re good to go. You’re now rocking the stock iOS 10 wallpaper and the gloreous iOS 10 -like launcher Evie. Honorable Mentions If a custom launcher and wallpaper aren’t enough to satisfy your iOS appetite, below I’ve linked some icons packs that tend to give off an iOS vibe alongside a couple of additional wallpaper ZIP files that’ll no doubt give you the Apple-like experience you’re looking for. Icon Packs Squircle (free) Adastra (free) Elta (free) Wallpapers iPhone 7/Plus stock wallpapers All iOS 10 built-in wallpapers After you’re all finished with the steps listed, you’ll be rocking a very similar look to iOS 10 right on your Android phone. And not only will you have the looks, but you’ve also got some of the functionality from iOS’ home screen like the built-in pull down search feature. All in all, I’m a pretty big fan of this look as I’ve always liked iOS 10’s look and feel. But since I don’t have an iPhone, I found this Android ‘edition’ of the software the next best thing. What’s your take? Do you like the iOS 10 look and feel granted by Evie Launcher and the wallpapers on your Android phone? Let me know in the comments and be sure to stay tuned to MBEDDED for more articles like this! Rate this: Share this post: Tweet Share on Tumblr Print More Email Pocket WhatsApp Like this: Like Loading... Related Max BuondonnoSeptember 17, 2016Android, Apps, How-To, iOS, iOS 10, Launcher, News, Wallpapers Leave a Comment Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung Will Begin Selling the Galaxy Note 7 Again on September 28th Next Next post: It Looks Like Google Allo is Launching This Week Sidebar Follow MBEDDED on WordPress.com What’s Trending Verizon and AT&T Are Now Bricking Everyone's Galaxy Note 7 Download the Official Alarms, Notification Sounds, and Ringtones from the Google Pixel Here How-To: Enable the Google Assistant Without Root on Android 7.0+ Google's Nexus 6 is Now Getting Android 7.1.1 Nougat Here's Your First Look at the Redesign Coming to Windows 10 Recent Posts Latest Google App Beta Hints at Upcoming “Search Gestures” Tidal’s HiFi Subscribers Can Soon Stream “Master” Tracks This Printer Uses Thermal Heat to Print Your Photos Dell’s $5000 Monitor Has an 8K Resolution and a Massive Size Here’s Your First Look at the Redesign Coming to Windows 10 CategoriesCategories Select Category CES 2016  (7) Contributions  (4) Culture  (301)    Cars  (18)    Deals  (73)    Entertainment  (121)       Gaming  (17)       Movies & TV  (60)       Music  (22)       Subscription Services  (3)    How-To  (19)    Social  (49) Hands-On  (6) News  (1,401)    Announcements  (66) Other  (203) Reboot Podcast  (9) Reviews  (9) Rumors  (189) Science  (26) Site Notices  (10) Tech  (1,376)    Apple  (454)    Apps & Software  (639)       Cloud  (2)    Gadgets  (582)       2-in-1  (17)       Accessories  (29)       Cameras  (1)       Carriers  (25)       E-Readers  (7)       Headphones  (11)       Hoverboards  (1)       Laptops  (36)       PC  (12)       Phones  (353)       Printers  (1)       Smart Home  (13)       Speakers  (2)       Streaming Media Players  (8)       Tablets  (30)       TV  (5)       VR  (13)       Wearable Tech  (33)       Wireless Routers  (2)    Google  (360)    Microsoft  (78) Toptal  (16) US & World  (21)    Business  (12)    Silicon Valley  (10) Follow us on TwitterMy Tweets Follow MBEDDED via Email Enter your email address to follow MBEDDED and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 158 other followers Please consider a donation so we can further improve! Click here to send your donation of what ever amount to MBEDDED Maximum. Translate MBEDDED Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Find us on Google+ Follow us on Tumblr Find us on LinkedIn Powered by WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsor -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories Apple AirPods MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Daydream VR ASUS ZenBook 3 Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum MacBook (2016) Moto G Plus HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevy Malibu   2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo HTC One A9 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display 360Fly Action Camera SanDisk Wireless Connect Stick Geko E100 Full HD 1080P Dash Cam Google Pixel C SodaStream's New POWER Sparkling Water Machine Dyson V6 Mattress Handheld Vaccum iPad Pro ZTE AXON Apple TV (2015) 2016 Ford Explorer Platinum Edition Apple watchOS 2 « SlideShow: A closer look at iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus | Main | Florida-based man sues over the Samsung Galaxy Note7 reportedly exploding in his pocket » Saturday Sep172016 First impressions on the Apple Watch Series 2 Saturday, September 17, 2016 at 10:18AM By Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla Apple has figured out a few things about the Apple Watch and its users and the result is the Apple Watch Series 2. Looking very much like the first-gen Apple Watch (which is still availble with an updated dual-core processor), the Series 2 does have some minute differences that are easy to miss. Here are my impressions after three days of use. Series 2 is a bit thicker than the original Apple Watch because it now has a larger battery, built-in GPS as well as water resistance for up to 50m. There's an extra microphone hole and this is used to expel any water that may have seeped in during a swim. While many, myself included, are mystified by the new Ceramic Apple Watch (which is the sole Edition model, taking over where the gold ones sat last year), every Series 2 Apple Watch has a bit of ceramic in the back that houses the heart-rate sensor.  The dual-core processor of the Series 2 makes a huge difference. I've had to reset and pair my Apple Watch countless times as I've moved device or updated phones and the initial set-up is always impossibly long. Not so with the Series 2 (and, presumably withe the updated Series 1). Setting up an Apple Watch out of the box is three times faster as are many of the functions. The faster prorcessor and GPU plus watchOS 3 really speed things along. The side button now opens up a dock of scrollable apps (instead of your list of friends, which few people really used). It is a better use for that button and makes the Watch feel more intuitive. There's a subtle new way to check the time without raising the Watch, slowly scroll the crown and the time begins to show up. Neat trick. The Series 2 has some special powers as well. The water resistance feature is one thing but there are additional swimming activities in the Workout App like Pool Swim and Open Water Swim that can track a user's progress. Apple took this very seriously, they monitored 7,000 swimmers to build a database of various swiming styles to be able to accurately track each swimmer's performance. With the GPS, runners or cyclists no longer need to bring their iPhone (although if they do, that works, too). The Series 2 smartly uses data from the iPhone, LTE cell towers and nearby open Wi-Fi hotspots to supplement the GPS. The result is a much faster satellite acquisition which makes it possible to start a run or a ride much faster. Series 2 has the brightest display of any Apple product, not that I found the original Apple Watch's OLED display to be particularly weak, but the newer display can compensate for bright light. Battery life is also expected to be better, although this would depend on the manner of use. The GPS will certainly deplete battery quickly but since Apple Watch only needs about an hour and a half for a full charge, it's not a very big deal. On a side note, it seems Apple has introduced new Watch Bands and they have also discontinued others which may have not been too popular. This means that there will be a scarcity or rarity to certain band types or materials.  Apple Watch Series 2 is a much more accomplished fitness-focused wearable that also happens to be great for notifications and for running supplemental apps. WatchOS 3 speeds up a lot of processes and makes the Watch more nimble. I plan on incorporating Series 2 into my fitness routine to see how it fares in real life, stay tuned for a more comprehensive review soon. Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Apple Watch Series 2, Canada, Preview Email Article in Apple Beat, Apps & Launches, Product launch, Smartwatch, Sports, Timepieces, Wearables Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store January 6, 2017 8:32 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Do as Apple says: A powerful company can make consumers conform September 19, 2016 12:00 AM By the Editorial Board Perhaps Apple’s decision to drop the headphone jack in its new iPhone isn’t as obviously bad as it seems. But it does take away a popular option instead of just offering better choices. What both compounds the problem and enhances the decision’s potential benefits is Apple’s power. Apple is giving its users an ultimatum: Use the newer technologies, use the adapter Apple provides (a nuisance) so that you can keep using your traditional headphones, keep using your old iPhone (which will get harder and harder to do) or stop using iPhones altogether. Many users will do what Apple clearly wants — switch to wireless or digital headphones — even if they’d rather have and use the headphone jack. So the ultimatum will expand the market for digital and wireless headphones. As Vox’s Timothy B. Lee points out, that will promote the development of new headphones and other accessories. And it will do so more effectively than any decision made by an Android phone manufacturer. If iPhone users want to switch brands, they have to switch operating systems, learn a new interface and give up apps that are available only for Apple products. So, Apple can more easily steer its users to the technology it wants them to use. That seems more like bullying than offering consumers choice. Meet the Editorial Board. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Seems To Be Really Serious With Augmented Reality: Hirings Include Former Oculus, Magic Leap Employees 16 September 2016, 5:25 pm EDT By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times Virtual Reality - Five Things You Should KnowNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Apple CEO Tim Cook has hinted that the company sees augmented reality and virtual reality in its future. Recent hirings reveal that Apple is really serious about the move.  ( Andrew Burton | Getty Images ) Advertisement It seems that Apple is really starting to get serious about entering the virtual reality and augmented reality business, as can be seen in a pair of hiring that the company recently made. Apple CEO Tim Cook recently hinted that projects on virtual reality and augmented reality could be in the company's future. Both technologies are interesting, but Cook believes that augmented reality has a brighter future than virtual reality. In connection with this recent report, Business Insider discovered two recent hires that Apple made on former employees from companies with expertise in the fields of augmented reality and virtual reality. This month, Apple hired Zeyu Li, who previously worked for more than a year at the secretive Magic Leap, an augmented reality startup. His LinkedIn profile reveals his interest not just in augmented reality and virtual reality, but also in deep learning and self-driving cars. Li is now working in Apple as a senior computer vision algorithm engineer. For those who are unfamiliar with Magic Leap, it is currently developing a head-mounted display similar to Microsoft's HoloLens, which projects virtual objects on top of the real world. Another hire, which was made in June, was Yury Petrov. He was a former research scientist for Apple, but previously worked at Facebook-owned Oculus, the makers of the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset. Petrov is now back as a research scientist for Apple. There have long been rumors that Apple has teams focused on virtual reality and augmented reality, with a report from January claiming that the secret team is working on a headset. The team is said to be made up of hundreds of employees, some tapped from companies that Apple has acquired and some poached from companies such as the camera startup Lytro and Microsoft. Apple was reported to have already spent several months working on its own virtual reality headset at the time of the report, but so far, the company has not revealed any details on the project or confirmed that the team even exists. Apple could be looking at focusing more on augmented reality over virtual reality in accordance with the views of Cook, with the Apple CEO thinking that virtual reality fosters antisocial behavior as users are only able to enter virtual reality by themselves through the headsets that they wear. In comparison, users on augmented reality are still able to interact with each other as they are still able to see the real world. TAG Apple, Augmented reality, Virtual Reality © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles South Korean Fintech Firms To File NFC Complaint Against Apple Apple Taps Former Time Warner Cable Exec Peter Stern As Vice President Of Cloud Services Apple iPhone 7 Plus Sold Out Due To High Demand: T-Mobile CEO Rejoices iPhone 7 Availability: Initial Stocks Of Apple iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 7 Jet Black Sold Out According To Apple Apple Is Asking MacBook Pro Owners If They Use The Headphone Jack: Will The Port Be Available In the 2016 Version? From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Attention, 'Overwatch' Players: Don't Abuse Mei's Ice Wall Cheat Or You'll Be Punished 2 Space Skywatching In 2017: Here’s When To Look Up To Catch The Planets 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8 Edge/Plus: Mass Production Beginning In March With 10 Million Units Built For April Release Advertisement 4 Televisions CES 2017: Should You Get Sony's Bravia OLED 4K HDR TV Or LG's Signature OLED 4K HDR W TV? 5 Business Tech Sears, Kmart And Macy's Are Closing Down Stores: Here's A Full List Of Where They'll Shut Down 6 Feature | Science Can Humans Survive A Zombie Apocalypse? Studies Investigate Spread Of Zombie Infection 7 Space New NASA Missions To Send Robotic Probes To Study Mysterious Asteroids In The Solar System 8 Televisions Xiaomi Shows Off Ultra-Thin Mi TV 4 At CES 2017: This Modular TV Is 30 Percent Thinner Than The iPhone 9 Apps/Software Google Outs January Security Patch For Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P And More 10 Gaming 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Release Date Finally Announced; Gameplay Video Shown Off At CES 2017 EDITOR'S PICKS Iron Deficiency Anemia Linked To Hearing Loss: JAMA Study Rare Comet Visiting Inner Solar System For The First Time To Be Visible From Earth This January NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius US Department Of Defense Warns Soldiers About Consuming Too Much Energy Drink Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos CES 2017 Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos CES 2017 Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple forks over $118m in tax to Japan over iTunes profit misreporting Apple is struck with another tax bill, following a major ruling in August from the European Union over Apple's tax practices. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | September 17, 2016 -- 23:00 GMT (16:00 PDT) | Topic: Government Image: Jason Cipriani/ZDNet Apple has been forced to pay 12 billion yen ($118 million) in back taxes, after local authorities found its iTunes division in Japan under reported income in 2014 and 2015. EU Referendum: Tech firms believe Brexit would be bad for business techUK poll suggests British technology firms are overwhelmingly in favour of remaining within the European Union Read More The Tokyo Regional Taxation Bureau found the Apple subsidiary was sending a portion of its profit earned to another unit in Ireland. The unit paid for software licensing, and Apple didn't pay taxes on the international transaction, according to local media reports. Apple has already paid the tax bill, reports The Financial Times citing local media. It's not clear when Apple paid or when the local tax authorities released their ruling against Apple. Local news outlet Yomiuri Shimbun reports a Japanese company, in this case iTunes Japan, must pay a withholding tax rate of 20.42 percent on any royalties it pays to a foreign company. We've reached out to Apple for confirmation. Apple's tax practices in Ireland have become under increased scrutiny. In August, the European Commission ruled Ireland should claim €13 billion in 'illegal tax benefits' back from Apple. The EC declared tax arrangements between Apple and Ireland had allowed the company to pay "substantially less tax" than other companies and were illegal under state aid rules. In an August statement, Apple said: "Both Apple and Ireland plan to appeal the decision and we are confident that it will be overturned by the courts of the European Union." Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Networking Amazon fiber optic project seeks funding Mobility Qualcomm fined $865m by South Korean antitrust regulator NBN NBN signs fibre network construction contracts for FttDP Innovation Error - data not found: Precarious data and architectures of the future × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Share 11 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Opinion 2017-01-06 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 7 Teardown Reveals Phone’s Specs And What Hides Behind The Missing Headphone Jack Technology 11 0 0 September 17, 2016 iPhone 7 Teardown Reveals Phone’s Specs And What Hides Behind The Missing Headphone Jack Jeremy Winslow What if I told you that in 90 seconds you could figure out what was inside the iPhone 7? Well, you can! Currently tearing down the iPhone 7 Plus (https://t.co/WuRAThjAY7) and Apple Watch 2 (https://t.co/g10x0IsAsw) live! pic.twitter.com/aCiSyWIBra — iFixit (@iFixit) September 16, 2016 Yesterday, September 16, iFixit, “a wiki-based site that teaches people how to fix almost anything,” published a lengthy, descriptive article to their website and a video to their YouTube channel showcasing a teardown of the iPhone 7. The video, which quickly details the process of disassembling Apple’s latest flagship phone, displays the improvements Apple made to the iPhone 7 over the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 models. The article goes in-depth on the parts inside the iPhone, the differences between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 models, and the tools you’ll need to do the teardown yourself. (There’s also a step-by-step walkthrough of disassembly and reassembly, so you don’t ruin your phone. Hopefully.) For starters, the iPhone 7 is powered by a 1960 mAh battery. This is up from the 1715 mAh battery in the iPhone 6s, and the 1810 mAh battery in the iPhone 6. (Comparatively, the iPhone 5 had a 1440 mAh battery, and the iPhone 5s had 1560 mAh battery.) Yes, the iPhone 6 had a bigger battery than the iPhone 6s: Apple had to make their 3D Touch and Taptic engine technology fit into the “s” model phones, and something had to give, so it was the battery that got the short end of the stick. Although the battery isn’t a huge jump, a mere 150 mAh, it still should give the iPhone 7 an extra hour of battery life. And, if you’re like me, scrolling through Facebook and Twitter all day, that extra hour could make all the difference in the world. Apple touts that battery life could be significantly more than that, but we’ll find out in real-world situations whether the battery in the iPhone 7 provides more than just an additional hour of juice. Another noteworthy change is the rear-view camera. Yes, as rumored and confirmed by Apple at their iPhone event earlier this month (September 7), the iPhone 7 boasts an impressive 12 megapixel, f/1.8 aperture rear-view camera. This is up from the 8 megapixel, f/2.2 aperture camera on the iPhone 6, and the 12 megapixel, f/2.2 aperture camera on the iPhone 6s. (In comparison, the iPhone 5 had an 8 megapixel, f/2.4 aperture camera, and the iPhone 5s had an 8 megapixel, f/2.2 aperture camera, same as the iPhone 6.) This bump in both megapixel and aperture will increase pixel density so photos look crisper, allow more light inside the camera so it performs better in low-light situations, capture detail more accurately, and balance color. Furthermore, the iPhone 7 includes optical image stabilization, a feature present on the iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6s Plus, but missing from both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s. A few other things to note are the home button, Apple’s new A10 Fusion chip, and the stereo speakers at the top and bottom of the phone. First, the iPhone 7’s home button. It’s the same, circular design as every iPhone before it, with one notable exception: it doesn’t actually move. Yes, because of the Taptic engine inside the iPhone 7, Apple was able to do away with a physical moving button; much like the trackpad on all new MacBooks, the iPhone 7’s home button clicks at you. Second, the iPhone 7’s A10 Fusion chip. This chip, designed in-house by Apple and manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), is said to have 40 percent greater CPU performance and 50 percent greater GPU performance than that of the A9 chip seen in the iPhone 6s. Third, the iPhone 7’s stereo speakers. These speakers are supposed to be 50 percent louder than the speakers found in the iPhone 6s. Finally, we arrive at the headphone jack. With Apple omitting such a ubiquitous piece of technology, you’d have to wonder what they put in its place. Well, if you look at the bottom of the iPhone 7, it looks like Apple replaced the 3.5mm headphone jack with another speaker grill. Great, better sound quality! However, iFixit reveals that the speaker grill is actually fake, and what lies behind that is a piece of plastic. Yes, you get a microphone that traditionally sits in that spot, but underneath that microphone is a piece of plastic. According to an update from Apple, that piece of plastic is actually a barometric vent, a measurer that “[equalizes] the internal and atmospheric pressures in order to have an accurate altimeter.” In other words, it helps measure and calculate altitude more accurately. Now I can know the exact height I’m at when I’m skydiving! That hunk of plastic @iFixit found in the iPhone 7 where the headphone jack would have been is a barometric vent. https://t.co/NAp13x5PLn — Dieter Bohn (@backlon) September 16, 2016 You can watch the entire teardown above, or read the teardown in its entirety here. [Featured Image by Richard Vogel/AP Images] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Share 11 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeremy Winslow Tags: Apple, headphone jack, ifixit, iphone January 6, 2017 Val Chmerkovskiy Speaks Out About Internet Trolls As Relationship With Amber Rose Is Confirmed January 5, 2017 Kody Brown Of ‘Sister Wives’ Speaks Out About Daughter Announcing She Is Gay, Shares His Thoughts View full timeline 1 hour ago As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay 14 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract CES 2017 Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract CES 2017 Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture iTunes is down for many users around the world [Update] by Mix — in Apple 391 shares Update 3: Apple seems to have finally resolved the issue. iTunes is back up. Join the club. Numerous users are reporting iTunes is currently unavailable. Get the latest CES 2017 news TNW is at CES 2017! Get the low-down on the latest and most insane tech being showcased in Las Vegas. Feed me tech So in case you can’t turn on your Apple TV, update your apps or buy your favorite album – you’re not the only one. Apple hasn’t confirmed the outage on the official iTunes Twitter account, but the Twitterverse has taken notice. Weird. Apple Status page says iTunes Store is fine. But I get “service unavailable” errors on all my Macs and iOS devices. — Ted Landau (@tedlandau) September 16, 2016 Hey @AppleSupport , is iTunes Store/App Store down because of the volume of people for the #iPhone7launch ? I can't download anything — Sean Manning (@ThtFilmStudent) September 16, 2016 @TheNextWeb and for me several hours pic.twitter.com/JuXMQiuN4j — Alexandru (@bitatgjiu70) September 16, 2016 @AppleSupport iTunes Store is also down in Austria. Cannot connect. — Thomas (@traktuner) September 16, 2016 Check out the screenshot below to see areas where users have reported the interruption. The official Apple status page doesn’t seem to indicate the issue either, so it’s likely the outage is intermittent. We’ll keep you posted as the service gets back up. Hopefully, everything gets back to normal soon. Meanwhile… find something else to do. Duh. Update: Apple doesn’t seem to be acknowledging the issue, but there’s clearly something going around. @nrowntree We haven't received any other reports. Which device are you downloading on? Have you tested another network? Let us know! — Apple Support (@AppleSupport) September 16, 2016 Meanwhile, reports keep stacking. As users on Twitter suggest, the outage might have something to do with today’s iPhone 7 madness. Update 2 (19:35 ET): Apple has finally confirmed its servers are experiencing downtime on the official status page. iTunes Unavailable on Down Detector Read next: iOS 10 is making people struggle to find the shuffle button AppsiTunes Share on Facebook (75) Share on Twitter (269) Mix is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on dimitar@thenextweb.com or @Mixtatiq on Twitter. Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 389 Posts / mo. 24.14   All posts by Dimitar > Shh. Here's some distraction The hunt for the fastest growing company of Europe Arno Nijhof 9 of the biggest trends to watch out at CES 2017 Napier Lopez This stop-motion tribute to Mario made with Rubik's Cubes will make your brain hurt Abhimanyu Ghoshal Epson’s augmented reality headset lets you pilot a drone as God intended Bryan Clark Ariana Grande is coming to a Final Fantasy mobile game Abhimanyu Ghoshal 10 of the most captivating videos that broke the internet in 2016 Mix Comments Recommended 9 of the biggest trends to watch out at CES 2017 Napier Lopez Most popular 1 Vine will shut down for good this month Abhimanyu Ghoshal 2 This tiny 2 TB personal cloud could solve all your storage problems Napier Lopez 3 Razer built a laptop with 3 screens and it's kind of amazing Napier Lopez 4 Glyph is a portable movie theater powered by your smartphone Bryan Clark 5 T-Mobile's new unlimited data plan is what all phone plans should be like Napier Lopez Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Opcom proves you can grow more than weed with at-home hydroponics Bryan Clark A drone just collided with a passenger jet in Mozambique Matthew Hughes Vinci's AI-driven headphones want to untether you from your phone Bryan Clark Pornhub confirms Windows users are the biggest wankers on the internet Mix Tim Cook took a huge paycut in 2016 because Apple lost its mojo Matthew Hughes Watch two Google Homes discuss the meaning of life on Twitch Alejandro Tauber Robots are now really stealing jobs as Japanese firm replaces staff with AI Mix The Sirius A is a pocketable PC with more ports than your MacBook Pro Napier Lopez You don't need $400 VR headphones, but you'll want these anyway Napier Lopez This bloody Home Alone remake is infinitely more hilarious Mix Zazu is a cross-platform app launcher with plenty of tricks up its sleeve Abhimanyu Ghoshal Turn into an undisputed Adobe Creative Suite pro with 130+ training courses for just $39 TNW Deals This tiny 2 TB personal cloud could solve all your storage problems Napier Lopez Sony wants you to stop touching (or talking to) your car's infotainment system Bryan Clark This stop-motion tribute to Mario made with Rubik's Cubes will make your brain hurt Abhimanyu Ghoshal @ronconway Any time is a good time to start a company. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science Connect with us Morning News USA Good News Nation World Debunked Entertainment Sports Tech Science MacBook Pro 2016 New Specs Leaked; October Release Date May Be Inevitable Share Tweet MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, Latest News And Updates: iOS Devices Nearing Stage Of Replacing Notebook Niche Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date, Specs, Features: 2017 Phablet Could Be Best MacBrook Pro Alternative MacBook Air 3 Release Date, Latest News And Update: Possibly Last Edition In 2017 MacBook Pro 2016 Update: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 To Leave Apple Stunned In 2017 My New Macbook Pro Jonathan / Flickr CC Morning News Roundup MacBook Pro 2016 New Specs Leaked; October Release Date May Be Inevitable By Jenny Grace Published on September 18, 2016 Share Tweet Comment The release date of the MacBook Pro 2016 has perhaps been one of the most talked about topics among Apple fans online. And they have a reason to do so. It has been more than a year since the laptop has been updated, which has raised expectations that it would finally make its debut in one of Apple’s major launching events this year. In fact, many were hoping the device would be rolled out as early as the company’s spring event. This didn’t happen. Apple followers, however, didn’t lose hope, as they speculated the MacBook Pro 2016 would be rolled out during the WWDC 2016 event, according to Mac World. ALSO READ: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 vs MacBook Pro 2016 – What To Buy, See Specs And Features Here Again, this didn’t happen. The iPhone 7 event took place last Sept. 7 and the MacBook Pro 2016 was again, a no show. Mac users find it strange that Apple hasn’t shown a sense of urgency in updating one of its best-selling laptops. A concerned Apple fan, who perhaps couldn’t hide his disappointment, emailed the Cupertino-based company’s CEO Tim Cook and asked if he and his team were “pulling away from the Mac line.” ALSO READ: MacBook Pro 2016 Rumors 2017 –  iPhone 7 Will Debut Solo This September, Laptop In The Fall Fortunately, Cook responded via email and told the fan, “I love the Mac and we are very committed to it,” while adding, “Stay tuned.” This may not exactly be a confirmation from the Apple big boss that the MacBook Pro is coming in the fourth quarter of 2016, but gives fans hope that the MacBook Pro 2016 could finally be unveiled within this year. In the meantime, Apple has reportedly been sending out queries to users asking them about the rumored features of the MacBook Pro, particularly on the laptop’s headphone jack. Mac Rumors reader Blake was in fact asked “Do you ever use the headphone port on your MacBook Pro with Retina display?” Twitter users were also supposedly asked similar questions regarding the device’s headphone jack, which some surmise, could be a hint that Apple may be planning to do away with this feature. There are a lot of reasons this could happen, considering that the headphone jack has already been taken away from the latest iPhone model. ALSO READ: MacBook Pro 2016 Rumors 2016 –  Trade-in Program Helps Cut Next Apple Laptop’s Price For more technology news, you can subscribe to our newsletter. If you are a social media junkie and would like to receive updates on your timeline, then you can also like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter. Continue Reading You may also like... MacBook Pro 2017 Release Date, Latest News And Updates: iOS Devices Nearing Stage Of Replacing Notebook Niche Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date, Specs, Features: 2017 Phablet Could Be Best MacBrook Pro Alternative MacBook Air 3 Release Date, Latest News And Update: Possibly Last Edition In 2017 MacBook Pro 2016 Update: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 To Leave Apple Stunned In 2017 Related Topics:MacBook Pro 2016, MacBook Pro Release Date About Jenny Grace Jenny is the go-to reporter when you want to know the latest controversies, hottest scandals and juiciest stories taking place on Planet Hollywood. She also loves keeping herself up-to-date with the latest TV shows and movie offerings. More in Morning News Roundup Morning News Roundup ‘Pokemon Go’ Latest News And Update: Apple Watch Version Still In Development, ‘Cancelled’ Reports Rebuked By Brian PatrickDecember 20, 2016 “Pokemon Go” for the Apple Watch is not dead. This is the official word from Niantic... Morning News Roundup ‘The Sims 4’ Latest News And Update: ‘Supernatural’ DLC Teased With Discovery Of Vampires By Brian PatrickDecember 20, 2016 “The Sims 4” players are looking for new content. Most believe that one is on the... Morning News Roundup Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Release Date, Latest News And Update: Odds Stacked Up For Next Phablet In 2017 By Brian PatrickDecember 19, 2016 Samsung continues to struggle with the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 debacle, leading many to ponder if a... Good News Good News Starbucks Launches Drinks Just For New Year’s By Jereco PalomaDecember 29, 2016 Good News Toast To The New Year With These Wines By Jereco PalomaDecember 29, 2016 MNU EXCLUSIVES Editor’s Pick Maritime Bhangra Group: Canada-Based Indian Dance Group Raised Money For ALS & Breast Cancer Victims By Pritha PaulDecember 29, 2016 People Yevette Vasquez Is One Of The Most Inspiring Mothers Of 2016 By Debleena SarkarDecember 23, 2016 Sports Nike LeBron 13 Review: Find Out If It’s Worth The Cop At Discount Price By Arvin MatthewDecember 15, 2016 We've Got Good News Home About Us Contact Us Meet the team Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 - Tune Media. All rights reserved. To Top
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 9,935 194 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Business If 1 lens on a phone camera is good, are 2 better? By Anick Jesdanun From page B9 | September 18, 2016 NEW YORK — Apple isn’t saying much about its next iPhones, but there’s been plenty of speculation that the giant Plus model will have two camera lenses side by side on the back. Why? A second lens could make photos sharper or give amateur shutterbugs blurring techniques more common in full-bodied SLR cameras. Apple isn’t revealing anything until its product event in San Francisco next week. For now, though, people can look at how a few other smartphone makers are using two lenses. ___ MOTOROLA MOTO Z The three Moto Z phones get amazing zoom with a second lens that comes in the form of an optional attachment. Motorola unveiled its third Moto Z model and the attachment, called Hasselblad True Zoom Mod, at the IFA tech show in Berlin on Wednesday. An accessory normally wouldn’t count, but in this case, it’s an integral part of the phone once you attach it with powerful magnets. The Moto Z has a mix-and-match design that makes it possible to remove its back and replace it with a speaker, a projector or a zoom lens that offers 10-fold magnification — better than what many point-and-shoot cameras offer. You’d be wrong to think smartphones already offer zoom capabilities by pinching out on the screen. That’s just a software trick that leaves images fuzzy. The camera lens itself is fixed; you need an attachment for true zoom. With it, a statue of Alexander Hamilton in New York’s Central Park looks as sharp from afar as it would closer up. By contrast, the same statue taken with the regular lens from afar looks dull. It’s possible to make out a New York University logo on a bean-bag toss game board shot with the second lens from across the lawn; with the regular lens, it’s just a blob of purple. This functionality will cost you, though. The module alone will start at $250 when it comes out in mid-September, or at the high end of what point-and-shoots cost. That’s on top of $400 for the cheapest Moto Z. Motorola says the attachment will appeal mostly to photography aficionados, but the company believes that’s a sizable market. The results are indeed remarkable, but not flawless. It takes a second or so to focus and shoot, enough to miss a moving subject. Faces can look distorted near the edges of the image, and the second lens doesn’t do extreme close-ups, known as macros. That’s one thing stand-alone cameras still do better. And the attachment is about as heavy and bulky as a point and shoot. But the module gives you amazing zoom shots that you can easily share via the phone. That’s not a simple task with most cameras. ___ LG G5 The G5’s second lens offers an impressive 135-degree wide angle, compared with 78 degrees on the normal one. That’s the difference between getting the entire Colosseum in Rome into a single shot, as opposed to just some of it. At St. Peter’s Basilica in the Vatican City, the wide angle gets you not just Michelangelo’s dome but also the ornate columns holding it up. With most cameras, you’re shooting as though you lack peripheral vision. With a wide angle, the photo frame expands to almost match your real-life field of view. Wide angles aren’t always desirable. If you’re shooting an elephant in front of you, you want more of the elephant and less of its surroundings. But wide angles are great when you’re shooting a large landmark or a large group of people from close up. As with other wide-angle lenses, though, LG’s produces distortion around the edges of the image. Think of how warped fisheye shots look. Columns inside St. Peter’s Basilica look curved rather than straight. Distant objects look even farther away. The regular lens is what you’ll want most of the time. Of course, you can get something close to a wide-angle shot by installing apps or using built-in panorama features, but it takes time to pan across the landscape, rather than snap once. That software approach also doesn’t work for video. ___ HUAWEI P9 One lens captures images in color, the other in black and white, or monochrome. The dedicated lens produces sharper monochrome shots than you can get by letting software bleach out the color from an ordinary image. Huawei says it also lets in more light. In practice, though, the differences are subtle. Images of colorful street art in New York often look cleaner, with better contrast, using the monochrome lens than by running comparable color shots through a black-and-white software filter. While this will matter to artists, it probably won’t to most users, especially since people rarely take black-and-white shots anyway. But that monochrome lens promises to help color shots as well. By using sensors for the two lenses in conjunction, the phone can restore some of the detail and light lost to filters in the color sensor. The result is a camera that’s among the top in the class — though recent iPhones and Samsung Galaxy phones do just as well or better with just the color lens. And despite promises of better lighting, the Galaxy S7 often produced better night shots than the P9. The dual lenses offer one neat trick: They sense depth, so you can blur out the background to highlight something in the foreground, mimicking an SLR technique done by adjusting the lens aperture. The P9 isn’t available in the U.S. yet, but Huawei is taking a similar dual-lens approach with the just-announced Honor 8. Anick Jesdanun Story Archive LEAVE A COMMENT Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Recent Articles Will Trump’s promised wall become taxpayer-funded fence? US report: Putin ordered effort to help Trump, hurt Clinton Photo: Sandbags Photo: Local woman to attempt to climb Mt. Kilimanjaro 5 dead, 8 wounded in airport shooting; US veteran arrested Suisun CIty police log: Jan. 5, 2017 Fairfield police log: Dec. 5, 2017 Photo: jacket cover Community Calendar: Jan. 6, 2017 ‘Atmospheric river’ weather dumps rain, snow on California Trump’s deportation vow spurs California farmers into action Henry Yuen Low Hundreds of workers to strike UCLA over labor dispute Theodore William Lawton Mexican woman pleads guilty to bribing US border inspector Edna Biederman Local authors cover a variety of topics in their books Week in preview: Jan. 6-12, 2016 Beat up: DRUMLine Live brings instruments, dancers, singers to VPAT Bitcoin grows as an escapist safe haven Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 01-05-2017 Coupons and More: Jan 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Home Seller 12-31-2016 Stars and Stripes 12-29-2016 Home Seller 12-24-2016 Stars and Stripes 12-22-2016 Home Seller 12-17-2016 Coupons and More: December 2016 Realtor’s Coloring Book 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Fall Home Improvement 2016 Fall Equinox 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Secrets of Success 2015 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Apps Games Accessories Windows Phone Android Apple Nokia Software Sponsored Posts Search LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Mobiletor.com Apps Games Accessories Windows Phone Android 13 lakh Android phones in India infected by HummingBad malware Android Lollipop 5.1.1 starts rolling out to smartphones under Google’s Android… Mahindra XUV500 will be the first Indian car with Android Auto Android M launched: Here are all the details A factory-reset of your Android device doesn’t fully wipe off its… Apple iPhone 6 for Rs 9990 on Flipkart – it’s too good… Apple in talks with government to ‘Make in India’ Apple iOS 10.2 update has SOS button for India, 100 new… Kerala youth gets past Apple’s activation lock that was apparently fixed iPhone 6 gets a price cut in India Nokia Nokia phones running Android Nougat leaked Nokia’s first phones for 2017 sadly not running Android Nokia phones are definitely coming in 2017, proof is in the… Nokia phone saves man’s life Microsoft launches last ever Nokia feature phone Software Chinese company Adups sent data from thousands of Android phones to… India to receive updated version of Cortana this summer LG named leading OEM for beaming security patches to its Android… Android Lollipop updates for Asus ZenFone 4, ZenFone 5 and ZenFone… Cyanogen all geared up incorporate caller ID app Truecaller into its… Sponsored Posts Home Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus prices revealed, iPhone 6S and 6S... Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus prices revealed, iPhone 6S and 6S Plus now cheaper By Rohit Panshikar - Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Apple has updated its India-centric website with the price of the iPhone 7 series and has also slashed the cost of the iPhone 6S lineup. The former is going to be launched on October 7, while the latter was released last year of course. It was reported earlier that the price of the iPhone 7 series starts from Rs 60000. Apple has confirmed that it as the tab for the 32GB variant of the device. The 128GB and 256GB versions will be sold for Rs 70000 and 80000, respectively. Apple has officially revealed the price of the iPhone 7 Plus, which it had not confirmed for India until now. The 32GB model costs Rs 72000, while the 128GB and the 256GB ones will set you back by Rs 82000 and Rs 92000, in that order. We would like to remind you that the jet black color variant of the iPhone 7 series will be sold only in 128GB and 256GB memory capacities. Meanwhile, Apple has cut the price tag for the iPhone 6S series yet again. The lineup now starts with the 32GB offering available for Rs 50000. The only model selling along with it is the 128GB one which has been reduced from the earlier Rs 82000 to Rs 60000. The iPhone 6S Plus series also sees the addition of a 32GB base variant costing Rs 60000. It is accompanied by a Rs 70000 (128GB) sibling. The 64GB iPhone SE has a reduction in its price too. It will now set you back by Rs 44000 instead of the previous Rs 49000. Barring the ones mentioned above, Apple has removed other products in the 6S and the 6S Plus lineup ahead of its new series’ launch. The company is reportedly planning to set up a manufacturing unit in the country to increase its business in local markets. TAGS apple iPhone 6 iPhone 6S Plus iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Price SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleCops recover 900 iPhones from robbers in Delhi Next articleSamsung Galaxy A9 Pro comes to India for Rs 32500 Rohit Panshikar RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 6 for Rs 9990 on Flipkart – it’s too good to be true Apple in talks with government to ‘Make in India’ Apple iOS 10.2 update has SOS button for India, 100 new emoji Trending iPhone 6 for Rs 9990 on Flipkart – it’s too good to be true Keval Shah - Jan 4, 2017 There's news going around that Flipkart is selling the iPhone 6 for as low as Rs 9990 on exchange. You know the saying -... BlackBerry Mercury aka DTEK70 leaks before its CES debut Shreya Shetty - Jan 4, 2017 A BlackBerry Mercury smartphone with a physical QWERTY keyboard will be unveiled shortly at the CES 2017 which is scheduled for January 5 to... Airtel hits out at Jio by offering free 4G data to new and old... Rohit Panshikar - Jan 3, 2017 Bharti Airtel has started offering one year of free 4G data to those who switch over from other networks as well as to old... LeEco Le 2’s 64GB variant arrives online for the first time Sumit Chauhan - Jan 3, 2017 The 32GB model of the LeEco Le 2 smartphone has been selling in India through e-retail websites since quite some time now, but its... Lenovo P2 is coming to India soon with massive battery Rohit Panshikar - Jan 3, 2017 Unveiled during September of last year, the Lenovo P2 is seemingly ready to make its Indian debut now. The company’s social media pages have... About Contact Privacy Disclaimer Sponsored Posts © Mobiletor.com 2016
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 Update: 10 Things to Know After Five Weeks Adam Mills12/05/2016 The iOS 10.1.1 update’s days are numbered but it remains the most up-to-date version of iOS 10. With that in mind we list off the most important things to know about the iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 update as we push into the month of December. Advertisement Earlier this year, Apple released its iOS 10 operating system for the iPhone 6s and select iOS 9-powered devices. The update brought key changes to the Messages app, 3D Touch, and Notes. It also brought some problems with it. To combat these iOS 10 problems, Apple’s released several bug fixers including an iOS 10.1.1 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. The update is available for all iOS 10-powered devices including the iPhone 6s. The iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 update is small if you’re coming to it from the iOS 10.1 update. If you’re coming from an older iOS update, like iOS 9, iOS 10.1.1 will be much bigger thanks to the features and fixes from Apple’s previous iOS 10 updates. Today we want to go over the important things you need to know about the iOS 10.1.1 update if you’re an iPhone 6s owner. This roundup offers our current impressions of the iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 update, a look at iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 problems, details about the iOS 10 downgrade, and more. Advertisement We’ll continue to update this roundup as we push toward the next iOS 10 update so keep an eye out for changes. iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 Review 1 / 10 We've been using the iPhone 6s iOS 10.1 update for five full weeks now and we've been keeping an eye on key areas including battery life, connectivity, UI speed, and app performance. Here's what we've noticed during our five weeks with the iOS 10.1.1 update on board our iPhone 6s models.  Battery life is still solid. We haven't noticed any drain on any of the iPhone 6s models in our possession. They're all holding a solid charge at the five week mark.  We've tested the iPhone 6s and its iOS 10.1 update with several ISPs, routers and Bluetooth devices and we're still impressed with performance. All of our connections remain stable and we haven't noticed any weird drops or problems.  Advertisement The iPhone 6s UI is still snappy with the iOS 10.1.1 update on board. We haven't noticed any lag when opening folders, Control Center/Notifications, or apps. The speed is about the same as it was with iOS 10.1 and iOS 10.0.2. The iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 update feels extremely stable after five weeks of testing. We haven't encountered any random reboots or lockups. Both were issues for us on older versions of iOS 10.  The iPhone 6s iOS 10.1.1 update is definitely worth a look if you're already on iOS 10.1. If you're coming from Apple's iOS 9 update you'll want to snag a second or third opinion before making the move.  1 / 10 46 Responses 09/17/2016 sunrise250 Reply Some icons on my 6s require multiple touches to launch. Notable are Waze, and the camera icon in the swipe-up section (Control Center) is just not responding to touch…. 3-D touch is not affected. 11/03/2016 Bojana Brakus Reply After leaving my previous job 12 months ago, I’ve had some good luck to learn about this website which was a life-saver for me… They offer jobs for which people can work online from their house. My latest paycheck after working for them for 4 months was for $4500… Amazing thing about is that the only thing required is simple typing skills and access to internet.. Read more here USA Jobs Resort Info ….. 09/23/2016 Kathy Reply I had my I messages to one contact will not load the earlier messages. I never deleted them. Do I have to iTunes to get them back 09/27/2016 Yashashri Reply When the headphones are connected i can not hear the call and after removing the headphones still the same behaviour.its irritating 10/02/2016 Deena Gonzalez Reply The idiotic update now has my older email (Outlook) last in the thread not at the top/ first; stupid. I need the most recent at the top; why would someone mess with this, give me a break! 10/02/2016 Steve Reply The update has problems with my headphone. Siri pops up by itself, podcasts stop and jumps around, etc. 10/03/2016 Eager Reply My emails are totally messed up. I can’t delete emails and I will be randomly thrown out of my email program. 10/05/2016 R and dang mad! Reply NOT A GOOD UPDATE! Really, “touch home” – where the hell is home!!! This update sucks big time! 10/05/2016 Angela Reply With this new update it will not allow me to delete all my emails, I have to do them individually – crap! 10/05/2016 doug Reply Battery life has gone from 32 hours before a charge to 6 hours. Call cut out, random apps pop up at any time. This sucks 10/06/2016 boomer65 Reply I’ve not been able to call or receive calls since updating my phone a week ago. Everything else works, texts, internet, apps, etc. Just not calling or receiving calls. No Service. Did all the recommended steps from various sites, except going into an Apple Store (two hours away). 10/06/2016 Moe Clements Reply Siri has not been able to connect since update. I can’t make reminders , notes or use any of the features normally available through Siri. I’m back in the “DARK AGES OF TYPING EVERYTHING ” yuck. Help I need a fix QUICK. 10/06/2016 S.M. Reply My phone now seems to have a life of its own. I hate it! Emails all list in a funny order! texting seems over sensitive and the last one just sent before I finished typing it. How do I downgrade? my old phone was perfect! 10/06/2016 Nick Reply Worst update ever. Swipe to open, why on earth would you remove such a simple instinctual process. Now takes me 3-4 goes to get into my phone. Crap! ‘Up next’ in iTunes gone!! Why?? Absolute crap, hate the last update. How do I reverse it?? 10/06/2016 Julia Shaw Reply I’m with O2, after download the network becomes so slow, I wonder if I can reverse it? 10/06/2016 George Winkler Reply Have had several issues. Trying to assign a phioto to a contact and it locks up. Send a text and sometime the status bar at the top disappears. 10/06/2016 sonia solorio Reply my phone wont respond to touch. when it reacts it goes crazy and everything will come up at once. so annoying when im trying to get things done at work…. but nope! 10/06/2016 Emilio Reply Worst update yet! I can’t acces App Store, Facebook news thread is inaccessible and I have to use button for everything because I can’t swipe. 10/06/2016 Louise Neeley Reply I have an iPhone 5 and the latest update put a whole bunch of outlook emails in a draft folder and I can’t move them, delete them or open them. How do I fix this? Also hate the new way to get into my phone. 10/06/2016 Robert Reply wtf happened to the unlock button, it takes me at least 5 seconds to get the keypad screen to pop up. 10/06/2016 Tom Reply Why did they have to mess with the texting screens? This update sucks. I have lost several text messages as I was composing them. 10/06/2016 B Reply This update is horrible! I hate that you have to tap the button and get rid of stuff on the screen. Also things don’t line up, header blocks messages. As I was writing this a call was coming in but phone didn’t ring or vibrate. I hate when Apple does random updates when there were no issues to start with. 10/06/2016 Sharma Abhay Reply i’m facing difficulty in launching camera after install ios 10.0.2 10/07/2016 Marty Bollinger Reply Huge loss in functionality. Can no longer delete all emails. 10/07/2016 sb Reply I cannot find how to turn off the TIMER, have tried everything. Only closing the app works, and then have to reopen to use again. Then cannot find SNOOZE in alarm. Something so basic as these two things….have noticed less battery life, terrible. 10/07/2016 Enmma Reply Dislike photo arrangement. Difficult to find my photo albums. Dislike messaging: unable to send messages Lost calendar data. Terrible download 10/09/2016 Diana Reply I agree, I hate the photo arrangement. Takes so long to find the last photo I took. Hate the upgrade because I now am unable to usb connect to my computer. 10/07/2016 Neal Reply Lousy battery management on my iPad ! 10/07/2016 Helen Reply The update mad me loose all my apps calls, does not even ring or vibrates. 10/07/2016 Lashaun Reply the email feature is a complete disaster – I do not like the way the feed runs! Terrible upgrade 10/09/2016 Diana Reply not able to usb connect to my macbook pro. VERY STRESSED 10/09/2016 Debbie Reply A little upset. In my car, my Bluetooth does not work for incoming calls only when I make an outgoing call I have an iPhone 6s 10/10/2016 Kelly Brooks Reply Since downloading the new iOS 10.0.2 on my iPhone 6s, I have not been able to text message, email, post to social media or search my contacts. My phone freezes anytime I try to use the keypad. There is nothing online that I can find to help me. I can’t restore my phone because I can’t type in my apple password to turn off “Find My iPhone.” I can’t win. I never had any trouble with my phone before this update. I wish I never download 10.0.2. 10/15/2016 C.M. Reply Worst update ever (iphone 6) Phone/contact hangs more often Sluggish OS Have to kill apps it hangs so much Email thread change hard to see conversation Did I say slow? Take longer to turn off (not snooze) alarm I see changes but I still have to see the positive in productivity yet… maybe will find some?? 10/16/2016 Soda Coaster Reply Update is HORRIBLE!!!!! I can’t connect to mobile data OR wifi in my house. When I go outside my house, then I start getting notifications. Apps not working, not showing up in App Store searches…which I can’t search at home. Can’t get emails when I am at home. Apps won’t load after multiple wipes, etc. They ought to be ashamed of themselves and heads should be rolling. My phone is now next to useless. 10/17/2016 Ange Dunn Reply My battery seriously went from 97% to 45% in 20 minutes!! Nothing works on my phone. I can’t even access chrome and many apps. I’m very upset! Basically I have no phone if it keeps going dead. Apple can shove it up their rears. I’m going to switch from Apple this was the last straw! 10/17/2016 jackson S Reply Update is horrible!Digital touch message??Recents?? smh Apple behind th curve..Trying to compensate with rediculous things. 10/18/2016 ankin98cpcheatsSaman Reply Usability has taken back seat with the update if you use a lock on your phone. It’s very slow to get into the phone now for several reasons I don’t have the energy to explain. 10/18/2016 xbisco Reply I cant use my text messaging, phone, and my primary apps unless I hard restart the phone every time. WTF are these people doing? My phone is virtually useless unless I want to hard restart 30 times a day. What are my options? 10/18/2016 JO BAMFORTH Reply I have but one thing to say WHY!!!! do take a perfectly working phone and turn into a piece of CRAP!!!! I had no problems with my 6s and u upgraded it to10.0.2 with out even asking if I wanted too…I HATE THE NEW CLOCK.. CANT READ LIKE MY OLD ONE..MY BATTERY LIFE IS A PIECE OF S**T with your help.. And my wi-fi doesn’t work all the time…WHY !!! I paid perfectly good money for my 6s and I got what I wanted and paid for TILL YOUR UPDATE.. then all HELL BROKE LOOSE AGAIN WHY!!! I TOOK PHONE TO APPLE TO FIX ..WELL THAT DIDNT GO WELL..I now have a iPhone that you don’t like and I hate and I paid you for what 10/20/2016 c lonergan Reply How much did Apple pay you? It’s well known this up date is causing serious problems, I’m feeling it. 10/23/2016 iOS 10 Jailbreak Reply Oh damn. I already updated my iPhone 7 to iOS 10.0.2. I thought it will fix the bugs, but there are more now. 11/03/2016 Ellie Reply Felt like throwing my phone into the wall after this update! Why do I have to see stocks and reminders? Why do I have to press additional button Home to log in? Hate it. 11/03/2016 alisa Reply My iphone is working awesome. i love the update and enjoying my vacation with my iphone and awsome selfie phonecase you can also get it from here : https://www.stuffinstant.com/products/aluminum-selfie-sticks-phone-case-for-iphone 11/08/2016 Judith Gibbs Reply My screen shows nothing but streaky colors racing up and down my screen! Looks psychedelic, and also looks like the phone is about to explode! Can’t make calls, get or leave messages! No ability to do anything but turn it off. I cannot get any answers. I’m at work, so I can’t get out of here! Anybody have this happen to them?! 11/25/2016 Dan Turner Reply F you Apple. I’m getting so sick of you forcing me to update, then have to learn new apps all over again – such as maps. FFFFFUUU. IM DONE WITH IPHONES Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
Supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law    Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Documents US Executive Orders US Federal Rulemaking US Presidential Memoranda Support Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Follow Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Contact Feeds Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement Three news outlets sue FBI over apple decryption case Saturday 17 September 2016 at 11:37 AM ET by Steven Wildberger ©  WikiMedia (Должин Жаргалсайхан) [JURIST] USA Today, the Associated Press and Vice Media on Friday filed a federal complaint [text] against the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) [official website] seeking to learn how the government was able to overcome Syed Farook's [CNN backgrounder] iPhone's encryption allegedly without Apple's help. The Department of Justice (DOJ) [official website] initially filed suit against Apple in an attempt to force them to unlock Farook's iPhone after he was involved in the San Bernardino killings [CNN backgrounder]. In March, the DOJ dropped the case [JURIST report] against Apple, stating that they had another method of unlocking the phone. Apple's refusal to assist the government sparked controversy over digital privacy rights, which came to an anticlimactic end when the FBI used a third-party tool to overcome the iPhone's security measures. Now, the media outlets seek to know what third-party tool was used, to what extent it may be used in the future and what security vulnerabilities the tool takes advantage of. At the end of February Apple filed [JURIST report] a brief in the US District Court for the Central District of California in opposition of the US government's request for the company to unlock the iPhone of San Bernardino shooter, Syed Rizwan Farook. Counsel for Apple called the case "unprecedented" after the DOJ filed [JURIST report] a motion to compel Apple to unlock the encrypted iPhone. In response to the legal conflict, Apple asked [JURIST report] the US government to create a panel of experts to discuss issues of security versus privacy. The court order required [JURIST report] Apple to supply software to the FBI to disable a self-destruct feature that erases phone data after 10 failed attempts to enter the phone's password. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext Safe Spaces and First Amendment Rights: Do Safe Spaces Belong on College Campuses? Fuad Rafidi Valparaiso University School of Law Thinking Beyond the ICJ's Marshall Islands Judgment Mohit Gupta South Asian University Tort Litigation About Guns Will Continue Allen Rostron University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Law "Sanctuary Cities" to Find Sanctuary in the Rehnquist and Roberts Courts Hugh D. Spitzer University of Washington School of Law Data Localization Laws: an Emerging Global Trend Courtney Bowman Proskauer Accelerating Progress: State Laws Governing Autonomous Vehicles John Terwilleger Gunster More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags UN reports record high migrant deaths in 2016 6:15 PM ET, 6 January 2017 UN to assess human rights situation in Myanmar 5:01 PM ET, 6 January 2017 Kosovo charges Serbian citizen with war crimes 4:25 PM ET, 6 January 2017 China president plans to strengthen anti-corruption campaign 3:32 PM ET, 6 January 2017 Kentucky house passes right-to-work bill 12:02 PM ET, 6 January 2017 Switzerland court rules for FIFA in suit over Qatar migrant workers 11:10 AM ET, 6 January 2017 human rights internatonial Myanmar UN advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 39,100 Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse 30,983 Airport shooter is a former member of the military 24,492 Airport shooter was treated at mental hospital after bizarre encounter with FBI: report 24,299 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet 22,329 David Blaine shot in the mouth as dangerous stunt goes wrong 20,033 The 16 best bakeries in America Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Sports Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Why Drew Brees would torch the Eli Apple who began 1st game By Paul Schwartz View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) September 17, 2016 | 5:41pm Modal Trigger Eli Apple drags down Cole Beasley on Sept. 11. Getty Images More On: new york giants Giants defensive end would love to meet Kobe Bryant if anyone knows him Giants' 'sudden player' can quiet Rodgers — and pound Packers Who's the best running team in playoffs? It's not who you think 10 defining moments in Giants' run to the playoffs in 2016 Eli Apple made his NFL debut last week against the Cowboys. But, in some ways, Sunday will be his real indoctrination. The quarterback taking aim at Apple and the Giants defensive backfield in Week 1 was Dak Prescott, who was playing in his first NFL game. Across the line this time around is Drew Brees, in his 16th season and still slinging. “It definitely changes,” Apple said. “You know you’re going to have to play the pass a little bit more and you know what to expect a little bit. … The Cowboys were balanced, and now you’re going against a team that, they can run the ball, but they have the great quarterback in Drew Brees, who they trust. I expect them definitely to try to test us.” The Giants did not ease Apple in. They were on the field for too many plays — 78 — and Apple played 56 defensive snaps (72 percent). He appeared a bit tentative, especially early in the game. “I thought he got off slow, it took him a little while,” defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said. “But then as the game got going, he did really well. I think he’s going to be a good football player and we need him, but it was a slow start for him.” A slow start against Brees could be deadly. “He gets the ball to open receivers, simple as that,’’ Apple said. “He’s one of the best at doing that. He knows how to manipulate a defense and move guys he wants to move, you can just tell watching him he’s good with his eyes, and he can make the good throw in tight coverage.’’ The last time the Giants started 2-0? Back in 2009, when they won their first five games. They lost their next four and finished 8-8. … Ben McAdoo saw no problems with the game management in his first game as head coach, but he does not like that term. “I don’t think ‘game manager’ is a term I’m comfortable with,’’ he said. “I think more of it is a game dictator. I think you want to dictate the way you want the game to go, as opposed to managing the game.’’ Victor Cruz played in 89 percent (50 of 56) of the offensive plays in his first game in 700 days and said, other than body soreness, he came out fine. “Obviously the next day you want to wake up and see how you feel and see how your body feels after game one, definitely,’’ Cruz said. “I am human, so I definitely wake up and kind of feel my limbs to see how I am feeling to make sure I am OK, so I still think about it, for sure.’’ McAdoo called the plays in the opener and will continue to do so. “It worked great because we won,’’ offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan said. “When we win, there is no one happier than I am,” offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan said. “Coach McAdoo called the plays. We had communication during the series, between the series, my communication with Eli [Manning] and getting that communication to Ben going back and forth. That was a positive approach for us.”we won the game and that’s what’s important for us.’’ Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under ben mcadoo ,  eli apple ,  mike sullivan ,  new york giants ,  victor cruz Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next 3 stars, 1 decision have daunting Raiders making guarantee... Read Next 3 stars, 1 decision have daunting Raiders making guarantee... Most Popular This Week 1 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance 2 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm 3 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet 4 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings 5 Mariah Carey to blame for NYE disaster, insiders say 6 Disney could receive $50M for Carrie Fisher's death Share Selection Columnists Drew Loftis Biggest fantasy football steals of the year — and biggest whiffs Ken Davidoff The home run derby is finally watchable again SEE ALL COLUMNISTS The Post Line NBA NCAAB NHL NCAAF NFL Friday Favorite Line Underdog WASHINGTON 5 (212) Minnesota Houston 5½ (223) ORLANDO BROOKLYN OFF (OFF) Cleveland BOSTON 12 (213) Philadelphia MILWAUKEE OFF (OFF) New York LA LAKERS OFF (OFF) Miami GOLDEN STATE 13½ (214½) Memphis SACRAMENTO OFF (OFF) LA Clippers Friday Favorite Line Underdog DAYTON 4 Rhode Island ILL.-CHICAGO 8 Detroit GREEN BAY 9½ Milwaukee OHIO 6½ Kent St VALPARAISO 3½ Oakland AKRON 12½ W. Michigan Friday Favorite Money Line Underdog FLORIDA OFF-OFF Nashville Toronto 100-110 NEW JERSEY CHICAGO OFF-OFF Carolina NY Islanders 125-135 COLORADO VANCOUVER 105-105 Calgary ANAHEIM OFF-OFF Arizona At Tampa Favorite Opening Current (O/U) Underdog Alabama 6½ 6½ (50½) Clemson Playoffs Saturday Favorite Opening Current (O/U) Underdog HOUSTON 1½ 3½ (36½) Oakland SEATTLE 7½ 8 (43) Detroit Playoffs Sunday PITTSBURGH 7½ 10 (45½) Miami GREEN BAY 7½ 4½ (44½) NY Giants See All Most Popular Today 1 Ivanka's heckler gets real quiet Villagers sentence falsely accused woman to death by fire ants Man shot by cops is scion of powerful New York family Man gets harpooned on fishing trip 5 dead after shooting rampage in Fort Lauderdale airport More Stories pagesix Ben Affleck's mystery gal pal is a detox nurse Now On Decider ‘Escorts’ Takes An Unflinching Look Into What It’s Like To Be A Call Girl nypost Airport shooter is a former member of the military New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple continues hiring augmented and virtual reality experts – The Verge Posted on September 17, 2016 by The Verge Apple CEO Tim Cook has been hinting at Apple’s interest in augmented and virtual reality all year, and it seems that interest continues to grow. Business Insider spotted two people who were hired by Apple over the summer after working at a pair of the … Apple’s interest in Augmented Reality heats up with two new hiresBGR Apple hires former Magic Leap, Oculus engineers in VR/AR pushAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple Seems To Be Really Serious With Augmented Reality: Hirings Include Former Oculus, Magic Leap EmployeesTech Times Mac Rumors -Business Insider -Patently Apple -Inc.com all 13 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Share 11 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Opinion 2017-01-06 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 7 Teardown Reveals Phone’s Specs And What Hides Behind The Missing Headphone Jack Technology 11 0 0 September 17, 2016 iPhone 7 Teardown Reveals Phone’s Specs And What Hides Behind The Missing Headphone Jack Jeremy Winslow What if I told you that in 90 seconds you could figure out what was inside the iPhone 7? Well, you can! Currently tearing down the iPhone 7 Plus (https://t.co/WuRAThjAY7) and Apple Watch 2 (https://t.co/g10x0IsAsw) live! pic.twitter.com/aCiSyWIBra — iFixit (@iFixit) September 16, 2016 Yesterday, September 16, iFixit, “a wiki-based site that teaches people how to fix almost anything,” published a lengthy, descriptive article to their website and a video to their YouTube channel showcasing a teardown of the iPhone 7. The video, which quickly details the process of disassembling Apple’s latest flagship phone, displays the improvements Apple made to the iPhone 7 over the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 models. The article goes in-depth on the parts inside the iPhone, the differences between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 models, and the tools you’ll need to do the teardown yourself. (There’s also a step-by-step walkthrough of disassembly and reassembly, so you don’t ruin your phone. Hopefully.) For starters, the iPhone 7 is powered by a 1960 mAh battery. This is up from the 1715 mAh battery in the iPhone 6s, and the 1810 mAh battery in the iPhone 6. (Comparatively, the iPhone 5 had a 1440 mAh battery, and the iPhone 5s had 1560 mAh battery.) Yes, the iPhone 6 had a bigger battery than the iPhone 6s: Apple had to make their 3D Touch and Taptic engine technology fit into the “s” model phones, and something had to give, so it was the battery that got the short end of the stick. Although the battery isn’t a huge jump, a mere 150 mAh, it still should give the iPhone 7 an extra hour of battery life. And, if you’re like me, scrolling through Facebook and Twitter all day, that extra hour could make all the difference in the world. Apple touts that battery life could be significantly more than that, but we’ll find out in real-world situations whether the battery in the iPhone 7 provides more than just an additional hour of juice. Another noteworthy change is the rear-view camera. Yes, as rumored and confirmed by Apple at their iPhone event earlier this month (September 7), the iPhone 7 boasts an impressive 12 megapixel, f/1.8 aperture rear-view camera. This is up from the 8 megapixel, f/2.2 aperture camera on the iPhone 6, and the 12 megapixel, f/2.2 aperture camera on the iPhone 6s. (In comparison, the iPhone 5 had an 8 megapixel, f/2.4 aperture camera, and the iPhone 5s had an 8 megapixel, f/2.2 aperture camera, same as the iPhone 6.) This bump in both megapixel and aperture will increase pixel density so photos look crisper, allow more light inside the camera so it performs better in low-light situations, capture detail more accurately, and balance color. Furthermore, the iPhone 7 includes optical image stabilization, a feature present on the iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6s Plus, but missing from both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s. A few other things to note are the home button, Apple’s new A10 Fusion chip, and the stereo speakers at the top and bottom of the phone. First, the iPhone 7’s home button. It’s the same, circular design as every iPhone before it, with one notable exception: it doesn’t actually move. Yes, because of the Taptic engine inside the iPhone 7, Apple was able to do away with a physical moving button; much like the trackpad on all new MacBooks, the iPhone 7’s home button clicks at you. Second, the iPhone 7’s A10 Fusion chip. This chip, designed in-house by Apple and manufactured by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), is said to have 40 percent greater CPU performance and 50 percent greater GPU performance than that of the A9 chip seen in the iPhone 6s. Third, the iPhone 7’s stereo speakers. These speakers are supposed to be 50 percent louder than the speakers found in the iPhone 6s. Finally, we arrive at the headphone jack. With Apple omitting such a ubiquitous piece of technology, you’d have to wonder what they put in its place. Well, if you look at the bottom of the iPhone 7, it looks like Apple replaced the 3.5mm headphone jack with another speaker grill. Great, better sound quality! However, iFixit reveals that the speaker grill is actually fake, and what lies behind that is a piece of plastic. Yes, you get a microphone that traditionally sits in that spot, but underneath that microphone is a piece of plastic. According to an update from Apple, that piece of plastic is actually a barometric vent, a measurer that “[equalizes] the internal and atmospheric pressures in order to have an accurate altimeter.” In other words, it helps measure and calculate altitude more accurately. Now I can know the exact height I’m at when I’m skydiving! That hunk of plastic @iFixit found in the iPhone 7 where the headphone jack would have been is a barometric vent. https://t.co/NAp13x5PLn — Dieter Bohn (@backlon) September 16, 2016 You can watch the entire teardown above, or read the teardown in its entirety here. [Featured Image by Richard Vogel/AP Images] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Share 11 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeremy Winslow Tags: Apple, headphone jack, ifixit, iphone January 6, 2017 Val Chmerkovskiy Speaks Out About Internet Trolls As Relationship With Amber Rose Is Confirmed January 5, 2017 Kody Brown Of ‘Sister Wives’ Speaks Out About Daughter Announcing She Is Gay, Shares His Thoughts View full timeline 1 hour ago As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay 14 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Underworld: Blood Wars’ After-Credits Scene: Is There A Scene Hidden At The End Of The Vampire Thriller? Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Contests e-Edition Obits 1° Some clouds Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Real Estate Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs CrowdFunding Connect with Us     Community Haney Farmer's Market hosts third annual apple pie challenge Apple pie contest judges Trudy Halliday (left), Wendy McAlpine and Ernie Daykin. — image credit:   Maple Ridge posted Sep 17, 2016 at 2:00 PM The third annual apple pie challenge at the Haney Farmer's Market on Saturday afternoon had the judges impressed. "They're very good. It's amazing how all the pies have a different flavour," said judge Trudy Halliday, who was last year's winner and promoted to judge for this year's event. "I'm in heaven," remarked fellow judge Wendy McAlpine, who is the market ambassador for the Port Coquitlam Farmers Market. Former Mayor Ernie Daykin, who has some professional expertise because he works in the family business Mom and Me Pies, was the third judge. He was impressed by the many flavours in the entries, from cinnamon and nutmeg to cheese baked right in. When their results had been tabulated, the winner of the best traditional pie and the best overall was Tammy Arzoumanian. The best non-traditional pie was awarded to Fred Armstrong. The Maple Ridge city hall spokesman entered four pies – one using Granny Smith applies and topped with caramel, a Dutch apple with orange zest, an apple pear pie, and a traditional apple pie using McIntosh apples with vanilla sugar. "The crust is like science. Fillings – go crazy. Have fun," advised Armstrong. Honourable mention went to Totie Li. The top prize was a baking book. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories For Congress, defence contracts are like baseball, apple pie (December 13, 2016) Haney Farmers Market co-odinator retiring (November 06, 2016) Haney Bypass needs help (February 17, 2016) Haney Farmers Market finale in Maple Ridge's Memorial Peace Park (October 08, 2016) Justin Trudeau swarmed while greeting locals at Halifax farmers' market (April 02, 2016) Successful summer swim season for Haney Seahorses (August 19, 2016) Assault arrest for man who hit Sacramento mayor with pie (September 22, 2016) Wife files for divorce from 'American Pie' singer Don McLean (March 11, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, January 2017 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Maple Ridge News Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports BC Games NFL Business BC Business Real Estate Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs Featured News Kelowna News About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2017  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Top US firms back Apple in EU tax dispute The European Commission ruled last month that the tax agreements Apple devised with Ireland constituted illegal state aid and ordered the country to recover at least €13 billion from the tech giant.PHOTO: EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY PublishedSep 18, 2016, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4GW3 Copy Ruling may turn investment away, say 185 bosses in letter to Merkel WASHINGTON • Chief executives of top companies in the United States are urging the European Union to reverse a ruling that requires Apple to reimburse Ireland for €13 billion (S$19.8 billion) in underpaid taxes, calling the move a "grievous self-inflicted wound". As many as 185 US corporate chiefs, who are already grappling with uncertainty over the outcome of the US presidential election, said in letters sent to leaders last Thursday that the tax clampdown threatens to scare away investment by legitimising abrupt reversals of government policy overseas. "In the interest of all countries that respect the rule of law, this decision must not be allowed to stand," said a letter from the Business Roundtable - through which the American corporate chieftains petitioned - to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, seen by the Financial Times (FT). The push for national governments to intervene marks an escalation in US attacks on the EU, whose decision has already been slammed as "political crap" by Apple boss Tim Cook, said the FT in a report yesterday. Last month, the European Commission ruled that favourable tax arrangements Apple devised with Ireland constituted illegal state aid between 2003 and 2014, and ordered Ireland to recover at least €13 billion from Apple. The push for national governments to intervene marks an escalation in US attacks on the EU, whose decision has already been slammed as "political crap" by Apple boss Tim Cook, said an FT report. EU member states, acting unanimously, can override the commission in state-aid cases under "exceptional circumstances", the FT reported, but only before a final decision is taken to recover illegal aid. The newspaper said that it may, therefore, be too late for EU member states to overturn the Apple ruling. Besides, many EU countries back the tax penalty; French Finance Minister Michel Sapin called the decision "entirely legitimate". But the decision, the letter to Dr Merkel warns, would set a precedent that undermines the legal certainty businesses need to make large-scale investments, reported the FT. It would be "a grievous self-inflicted wound for the European Union and its citizens", the corporate chiefs said. "Other countries outside the EU will interpret the decision as acceptable governmental behaviour and will put all companies with cross-border investments - including EU-headquartered companies - at risk of having their assets expropriated by foreign governments seeking extra revenue or seeking to punish a successful foreign competitor," they added. There are already signs that non-EU countries are following Brussels' lead, said the report. Japan last Friday ordered Apple to pay 12 billion yen (S$160.5 million) in back taxes after the authorities ruled the company was liable for withholding tax on royalties paid from a local subsidiary to an Irish holding company. The Business Roundtable counts among its members the heads of Caterpillar, Xerox, Honeywell, Lockheed Martin, Dow Chemical, Walmart, ExxonMobil, AT&T, GE and JPMorgan. Apple's Mr Cook is not part of the group. The administration of US President Barack Obama has also been sharply critical of the commission and accused it of behaving like a "supranational tax authority". A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Sunday Times on September 18, 2016, with the headline 'Top US firms back Apple in EU tax dispute'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  APPLE EU TAXATION More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4GW3 Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Travel Agency goes the extra mile to protect personal data st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping 30% off storewide & extra $10 off on Toki Choi!! Shop Now! SKII at $129 only! K.O. price guaranteed! Beat the rest & get the latest Batman Lego! Limited 10 sets only! Sign up on Qoo10 now and get these at $1!! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $51.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: Americas | U.S. HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. INDY BAY SUCK GOONS TWO BANGERS ONE KILLED ON THE LEVVY by HITLERSON WARMACHT Saturday Sep 17th, 2016 1:25 PM YO ASS HOLES OF INDY BAY SHOULD BE KEEL HAULED THEN TAR AND FEATHERED ! THINK YO HOLY FULL OF HOLES JUNKIES BY INTELS STUCK UP SNOBBS COBBS NEWS ALL COVERED UP JUNKY YACHT HARBORS BOATS OF 2011 SMITTS SHIT GOOGLE BILLY JUNKEY GATES S.C.P.D. COONERTYS SKINKY GOONS ! ! © 2000–2017 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Area bank branch manager graduates from Community Bankers School Saturday Sep 17, 2016 at 3:00 PM APPLE RIVER — Nathan Vondra, branch manager at Apple River State Bank and First Community Bank of Galena, recently graduated from The Community Bankers School. The school consisted of a two-week intensive course offered in a two-year time frame, one week per year. The school is sponsored by the Community Bankers Association of Illinois, the Independent Community Bankers of America and various community banker associations around the U.S. For information: communitybankgalena.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Virtual Reality Apple continues hiring augmented and virtual reality experts New, 11 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Sep 17, 2016, 4:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Amelia Krales Apple CEO Tim Cook has been hinting at Apple's interest in augmented and virtual reality all year, and it seems that interest continues to grow. Business Insider spotted two people who were hired by Apple over the summer after working at a pair of the biggest names in field: one at Oculus VR, the other at Magic Leap. The two hires don't mean much on their own, but they suggest that Apple is continuing to invest in AR and VR research with the goal of eventually putting out a product. In January, the Financial Times reported that Apple already had "hundreds" of people working on AR and VR, though those employees were said to have come from acquisitions of smaller companies. Their goal, according to the report, was to eventually build some kind of headset. Apple seems to be more interested in AR than VR Cook's comments make it sound like Apple's eventual headset — or whatever form the product takes — will be focused on augmented, not virtual, reality. On Wednesday, Cook took a minute to discuss the two categories with Good Morning America, saying that he suspects virtual reality "probably has a lower commercial interest over time" and that he believes "augmented reality is the larger of the two, probably by far." In particular, Cook pointed to the fact that augmented reality lets you interact with the world around you while you're using it. Source: Business Insider More From The Verge The Verge: 2016 Yearbook The best games for your new PC or Mac The 15 best movies of 2016 Behind the scenes at Faraday Future, an electric carmaker on the brink of collapse The Verge 2016 tech report card: Facebook The best apps you didn’t know you needed for your new Android phone Now Trending This is Apple’s click wheel iPhone prototype Displays are the secret superstars of CES How much can police find out from a murderer’s Echo? This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Movie Review Entertainment Film 15 questions and answers about Underworld: Blood Wars by Tasha Robinson Like: Is it fun? How ridiculous does it get? How much is it like Game Of Thrones? And is this a good place to jump into the franchise? New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft I played Battlefield on Razer’s three-screen laptop by Vlad Savov@vladsavov The Razer Project Valerie prototype is a laptop with not one, not two, but three 17-inch displays. It can run Battlefield 1 at 12K resolution with perfectly smooth frame rates. There’s no price or release date, as this is far from becoming a real... New, 4 comments Science Energy Environment New York City’s closest nuclear power plant may close in five years by Rachel Becker Earlier today, the New York Times reported that the Indian Point nuclear power plant will close by 2021. However, a spokesperson for New York Governor Andrew Cuomo told the Times that the deal is not yet finalized. The Indian Point Energy Center... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Hands-on The Icaros is like VR skydiving crossed with planking by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy “Have we seen the Icaros?” I asked my editor Thomas Ricker on Slack this morning. “It's like a weird VR flying frame.” “We did something. Not sure it was this,” he said. There was a time when VR peripherals were so singular that each one opened up... CES 2017 News Tech Gadgets In another sign it’s making a smartwatch, Fitbit plans to launch its own app store this year by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode And the CEO wants to make his own apps New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft This Dell 2-in-1 laptop can wirelessly charge through its keyboard by Nick Statt@nickstatt Wireless charging remains an elusive concept. It pops up here and there, often for mobile devices using special cases, and yet many solutions are painfully incomplete or too cumbersome for consumers to care. The Dell Latitude 7285, a new 2-in-1... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos CES 2017 Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos CES 2017 Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple responds to "sexist" and "toxic" workplace allegations Apple says "actions have been taken" after (unconfirmed) leaked emails and chat logs show specific instances of sexism in the workplace. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | September 17, 2016 -- 19:37 GMT (12:37 PDT) | Topic: Tech Industry Apple Apple says "actions have been taken," following leaked emails discussing a sexist and toxic work environment within the walls of the tech giant's Cupertino, CA. headquarters. Recode sat down with Apple HR chief Denise Young Smith, who said Apple investigated and took action on the troubling issues raised in the leaks, but that they didn't reflect the Apple she knows. more iphone news iPhone 7 Plus hands-on: A weekend full of adjustments iPhone 7: Best LCD display ever tested CR: iPhone 7 camera does not outperform iPhone 6s Scratch test raises serious durability concerns Apple's supply pinch: Smart marketing or forecasting? iPhone 7 sales may reach 100m in 2016 due to Note 7 recal l Earlier this week, Mic published a series of emails discussing the environment at Apple. Female workers detailed a "very toxic atmosphere" created by jokes about sexual assault. "Rape jokes in work chat is basically where I completely draw the limit," an anonymous female worker wrote to Apple CEO Tim Cook in an email obtained by Mic. "I do not feel safe at a company that tolerates individuals who make rape jokes." The Apple employee didn't receive a response from Cook. "We take these things not just seriously, but personally," said Young Smith in an interview in the atrium of 1 Infinite Loop with Recode. "I have been grieved over this ... that someone may have had this kind of an experience." Gizmodo also published unconfirmed internal chat logs from Apple, where more sexual assault jokes were shared. "Commensurate actions have been taken," Young Smith said, but didn't detail what action may have taken place against responsible employees. We have reached out to Apple for more details. "Apple is committed to treating everyone with dignity and respect," Apple said in a statement to Gizmodo. "When we receive complaints or hear that employees are concerned about their work environment, we take it very seriously and we investigate claims thoroughly. If we find behavior to be at odds with our values, we take action. Out of respect for the privacy of our employees, we do not discuss specific matters or their resolution." Apple's "Inclusion & Diversity" report released in August detail Apple was comprised of 68 percent male and 32 percent female employees, as of June. Apple, like many other companies in Silicon Valley, has made a big push towards a more diverse workforce. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Tech Industry Tim Cook takes pay cut after Apple misses 2016 revenue targets Tech Industry Apple confirms plans for first retail store in South Korea Tech Industry Snapchat faces lawsuit alleging it falsified metrics to inflate IPO value Mobility T-Mobile bundles taxes into monthly cost, offers money back on low data use × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Just how water resistant is the iPhone 7? By Anthony Bouchard, Sep 17, 2016 Tweet 4 Comments As revealed at Apple’s iPhone 7 keynote, the new handset is water resistant (not waterproof), and this means it can supposedly handle some water splashes and light submersion and come out unharmed. Now that the iPhone 7 is officially available to the public, you can probably imagine some people have already started putting the device through water tests. So how did it do? It turns out the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are much more water resistant than Apple wants to admit, but there’s probably a good reason they don’t want to over-sell the product, as it could leave the company open to litigation. Call it playing safe on Apple’s part. The iPhone 7 is rated at IP67 water-resistance, which means it’s protected from not only water, but also dust. At this rating, the iPhone 7 should be able to handle up to 1 meter of submersion for as much as 30 minutes before problems begin to arise. Heavy water and dust resistance measures were discovered by teardown team iFixit when they tore down the iPhone 7 Plus just yesterday, so it shouldn’t come off as much of a surprise. Apple originally began testing water resistance measures in the iPhone 6s, but never officially announced it as a feature. Multiple water stress tests have made it to YouTube within the past 24 hours. One of them, published by YouTube user infohut, shows the iPhone withstanding not only water, but even hot coffee, which simulates a hardcore hot coffee spill on your table: So the iPhone 7 fares pretty well in that test, but it’s not the only case of the iPhone 7 surviving liquids without so much as a blip. Another video published by EverythingApplePro also shows the water resistance of the iPhone 7 working wonders: In this video, the iPhone is put to the 1-meter and 30-minute test that it’s specified for, and seems to survive perfectly fine. So afterwards, the iPhone is taken to a river for a swimming test, and it fares in a similar way. It looks like the iPhone 7 holds up to pretty reasonable water exposure, which means the number of all those accidental water damage claims that people often take to the Apple Store to fix may considerably drop with the new handset. One thing to note though is water damage is not covered under your AppleCare warranty… so you shouldn’t go dunking your iPhone 7 under water on purpose just because it’s water resistant. There’s always the unlikely event the seal could fail and you’ll be out your phone. Are you surprised by the water resistance of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend iPhone 7 outlasts Samsung Galaxy S7 in 35-foot water immersion A look at how the new iPhone 7 & 7 Plus perform in drop tests New “Dive” ad from Apple promotes iPhone 7 stereo speakers and water resistance Benchmarks reveal how higher capacity iPhone 7 units can be faster Related Topics Apple, Apple Hardware Test, Hardware, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Water Damage, Waterproofing Scotow iFixit made a stream yesterday with an iPhone 7 in a fish tank. The stream was on for 8 hours then they turned it off, because youtube do not allow 8h+ stream. The iPhone was perfectly fine, start to end. PhoneTechJay I’m not surprised at all, the phone is borderline waterproof. I wouldn’t be surprised if it was actually able to survive more water pressure and timeand still be okay Matt Everythingapplepro did a test today– 35 feet for 5 minutes is what made the phone start to leak water (this was after multiple other depth tests) Mason I noticed for both of the videos they had th charging port facing down. Does that effect it at all?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple executives miss out on cash incentives as company falls short of sales goals   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Gadgets How To Use the New Apple Home App in iOS 10 Apple wants to control your connected appliances and devices Posted Sep 17th, 2016 at 3:31pm Corey Mueller/Popular Science The Home app for iOS 10 Add in all your HomeKit compatible devices to keep your home secure Here's our guide on how to use the new Home app for the iPhone and iPad in iOS 10. For our complete guide to iOS 10, head over here. Apple is trying to be more connected in your world. With the new free, Home app that comes with iOS 10, you can actually control specific devices and appliances in your house directly from your iPhone or iPad. But first, you need to make sure your new smart lamp or other appliance will actually work with Apple's system. Just look for the words "Works With Apple HomeKit" on an appliance, and it should be able to connect to the new app. Each device will likely come with its own specific set-up instructions. Corey Mueller/Popular Science Apple HomeKit Compatability Badge Look for this badge on appliances, devices, and other products for your home to ensure they work with Apple's new Home app, which lets you control them from your iPhone or iPad. Examples of HomeKit compatible devices range from locks to thermostats to lights in your home. You can buy some directly from the Apple store here. Most importantly, you may be able to connect your security system to your phone. We are slowly but surely taking steps away from worrying “wait, did I forget to turn the stove off,” or “did I lock my door?” You’ll be able to enjoy your night out after simply checking the Home app and remotely locking the door or turning off the stove, if need be. Read our full guide to using iOS 10 Tags: smart home ios homekit home app apple home iOS 10 ios 10 guide Gadgets Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister SitesDestination Weddings & HoneymoonFlorida Travel + LifeIslandsSaveurScuba DivingScuba IntroSport DiverBoatingCruising WorldFlyingMarlinMarlin UniversitySailing WorldSalt Water SportsmanSport FishingWakeboardingWaterSkiYachtingAmerican PhotoField & StreamOutdoor LifePopular SciencePopular PhotographySHOT BusinessATV RiderBaggersCycle WorldDirt RiderHot BikeMotorcycle CruiserMotorcyclistSport RiderStreet ChopperSuper StreetbikeUTV DriverWorking MotherWorld Entertainment ServicesWorld Sports & Marketing
null
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Gadgets How To Use The New Siri And Apple Maps in iOS 10 You can now hail rides using Siri or Maps directly Posted Sep 17th, 2016 at 3:28pm Xavier Harding Siri in iOS 10 iPhone users are now able to interact with third-party apps using Siri. Bringing Apple one step closer to competing with the Amazon Echo Here's our guide on how to use the new Siri and Maps app for the iPhone and iPad in iOS 10. For our complete guide to iOS 10, head over here. The new Siri is smarter Apple opened Siri up to third party developers for this update, which allows you to control a bunch of apps using just your voice. You can send messages on LinkedIn, WhatsApp, and Skype just by asking Siri to do so. Siri can call you an Uber or Lyft. But first, you need to update your apps to do this. Go to your "App Store" app and tap "Updates" on the bottom, and scroll through the list of available updates. Tap the "What's New" under each app to see if it offers Siri capabilities in iOS 10. Then, you'll need to set up Siri to take advantage of these capabilities. Go to your "Settings" app, tap "General," tap "Siri," and scroll down. You should see a new option labeled "App Support." Tap it... Corey Mueller/Popular Science How to get your Siri voice commands to work with other apps in iOS 10 You need to find this menu first. Then, you should see another new menu listing all the apps that work with Siri. You can tap them to toggle them on (green) or off (white). Corey Mueller/Popular Science A list of apps that can work with SIri in iOS 10 This isn't the full list, but this is how they show up on your phone. Once you've done that, you can just ask Siri to perform actions in those apps. Here's an example of sending a message in LinkedIn. Corey Mueller/Popular Science Asking Siri to send a message in LinkedIn In iOS 10, if you talk to Siri and ask to use a specific app to send a message, it can now do that for you. Here's an example using the LinkedIn app on iOS 10. Siri has also improved to help provide context for you. It automatically makes suggestions on who a phone number might belong to, it helps find email addresses for you, and it even scans your iMessage to help provide information when you go to setup a date in your calendar. Siri works more in the background to help remember things when you don’t, but is also becoming more interactive across apps that aren’t specifically Apple’s. Apple Maps has a refresh as well, with more transit options Maps has become more inclusive to the multiple ways people choose travel. Walking, driving and public transportation were all options before iOS 10, but they were more difficult to find. You’d have to go into your route and navigate your way until you found the different options. With this update, however, the options are laid out right for you; it also has a surprising fourth option: "Ride," which, you guessed it — allows you to hail a car from a ride sharing service such as Uber, Lyft, Gett, or others. Corey Mueller/Popular Science The new Apple Maps app in iOS 10 Notice all your options readily available at the bottom, even allowing you to call a ride from a ride-sharing service. All of the available options are shown to you with the approximate wait time and price. You can open the apps from Maps, or you can book the ride straight from Maps. Read our full guide to using iOS 10 Tags: iOS 10 ios apple maps siri ios 10 guide Gadgets Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister SitesDestination Weddings & HoneymoonFlorida Travel + LifeIslandsSaveurScuba DivingScuba IntroSport DiverBoatingCruising WorldFlyingMarlinMarlin UniversitySailing WorldSalt Water SportsmanSport FishingWakeboardingWaterSkiYachtingAmerican PhotoField & StreamOutdoor LifePopular SciencePopular PhotographySHOT BusinessATV RiderBaggersCycle WorldDirt RiderHot BikeMotorcycle CruiserMotorcyclistSport RiderStreet ChopperSuper StreetbikeUTV DriverWorking MotherWorld Entertainment ServicesWorld Sports & Marketing
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Gadgets How to Use The New Apple Music in iOS 10 A redesigned interface By Corey Mueller posted Sep 17th, 2016 at 3:27pm Popular Science Aplpe Music at WWDC 2016 Here's what the new Apple Music in iOS 10 looks like. Here's our guide on how to use the new Apple Music app for the iPhone and iPad in iOS 10. For our complete guide to iOS 10, head over here. With Apple stepping up its efforts in the streaming business, it comes as no surprise that the company would totally ramp up its music app. With iOS 10, the Music app has a new visual design, restructuring and organizing your library, while improving upon the streaming service format as well. Corey Mueller/Popular Science The new Apple Music user interface Here's what you see when you open your Library The “For You” section has albums of the day, playlists of the day, a mix of your favorite songs -- the songs that you listen to most, anyway -- and playlists centered on the interests you input when first registering for Apple Music. Music has also made it incredibly easy to add songs and playlists to your library by adding “subscribe” buttons to playlists and plus-signs next to songs that aren’t already in your library. Read our full guide to using iOS 10 Tags: apple music music iOS 10 ios ios 10 guide Apple iPhone iPad Gadgets Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister SitesDestination Weddings & HoneymoonFlorida Travel + LifeIslandsSaveurScuba DivingScuba IntroSport DiverBoatingCruising WorldFlyingMarlinMarlin UniversitySailing WorldSalt Water SportsmanSport FishingWakeboardingWaterSkiYachtingAmerican PhotoField & StreamOutdoor LifePopular SciencePopular PhotographySHOT BusinessATV RiderBaggersCycle WorldDirt RiderHot BikeMotorcycle CruiserMotorcyclistSport RiderStreet ChopperSuper StreetbikeUTV DriverWorking MotherWorld Entertainment ServicesWorld Sports & Marketing
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING GIFT GUIDES DRONES DRIVERLESS CARS TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION CARS DIY ENERGY ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS THE BIODESIGN CHALLENGE DO TRY THIS AT HOME EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP FEATURES Archives Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Gadgets How to Use the New iMessage Features in iOS 10 Stickers, games, digital touch, new emoji, and more... By Corey Mueller posted Sep 17th, 2016 at 3:25pm Apple/Popular Science iMessage in iOS 10 Apple's iMessage is getting extended links, automatic emoji, and better picture-sharing options in iOS 10. Here's our guide on how to use the new iMessages app for the iPhone and iPad in iOS 10. For our complete guide to iOS 10, head over here. iMessage, Apple's default messaging app -- the green one with the word bubble labeled "Messages" on your home screen— has a ton of new updates in iOS 10. You access many of the new functions by engaging with the commands directly above the keyboard in the messaging app. It allows you to share music from Apple Music, send stickers and games, send drawings, and even send everyone’s favorite method of communication: animated GIFs. But bear in mind, if you want your recipients to see the new features, they need to have iOS 10 downloaded and installed on their iPhone or iPad as well. Link previews Now, whenever you paste a link to an article in iMessage, it will show a preview image and the name of the source website. Even more impressive: If you send a friend a YouTube clip or another video link, they can actually watch it directly within iMessage, without having to redirect to Safari or the YouTube App. Corey Mueller/Popular Science You can now see web previews in iMessage Here's what they look like. You can share links from anywhere on the internet to your iMessage recipients by going to Safari, tapping the top of the address bar, and holding down on the web address to pull up the "Copy" option. Then go back to iMessage and paste the address. Or, look for the little box with the arrow coming out of it, and tap that to pull up the Share Sheet, and tap "Message" from there. Drawing directly in iMessage If you have iMessage open and have already downloaded iOS 10, when turn your iPhone or iPad sideways, it will show a new option: a drawing keyboard! Corey Mueller/Popular Science Apple's new drawing keyboard in iMessage on iOS 10 With iOS 10 installed on your iPhone or iPad, open iMessage (the "Messages" app), turn your device horizontally, and you should see this drawing space appear. Simply drag your finger over the white area to draw or write in your own handwriting. Corey Mueller/Popular Science An example drawing in iMessage for iOS 10 You can draw pictures or messages like this. How to play games inside iMessage Corey Mueller/Popular Science You can now play games within iMessage on iOS 10 If you tap the App Store button (the one highlighted in blue in this image), you can find games that can be played within iMessage itself. Corey Mueller/Popular Science How to invite people to play games in iMessage for iOS 10 Once you've downloaded an iMessage game from the App Store, you can tap it inside iMessage to launch it. Then, the game will prompt you to send an invitation to whoever you're messaging, asking them to play with you. For example, in this Tic-Tac Toe game, you get to make your first move on the board, then the game prompts you to send an invitation to your recipient. How to send reactions Press and hold on a message to react to it. Apple gives you a list of six different reactions: a heart, a thumbs up, a thumbs down, a "Ha Ha" laugh, a pair of exclamation points, and a question mark. Corey Mueller/Popular Science iMessage has a new way to respond, now: reactions Here's what they look like. Here's how to send stickers Stickers are a new edition that Apple teased You can download sticker packages (some for free, like the PBS Kids and Mario sets seen above) from the App Store, and they will automatically sync into your messages. Tap on the button that has the App Store logo, and you can see everything you’ve downloaded by swiping through the navigation panel. Corey Mueller/Popular Science Tap this button to get started It will pull up a list of options, including the App Store, where you can search for stickers. Corey Mueller/Popular Science Use the heart to send "Digital Touches" in iOS 10 Now, you can also use something called Digital Touch to send simple animations to your friends, and these drawings disappear after two minutes. You access these from pressing the button that looks like a heart with two fingers on it, and you can draw away! Animations The final, most overboard addition to iMessage comes in the form of sending animations. By holding down the blue arrow, you can send messages with various effects that change either how your message appears or displays background effects in the chat. It’s important to note that these do not work on any of the iPhone 5's. Corey Mueller/Popular Science Look for the blue up arrow to send animations Tap and hold to pull up the list of options. Corey Mueller/Popular Science Here's what animations look like An example still frame of an animation in iMessage. This one is supposed to be confetti. Read our full guide to using iOS 10 Tags: Gadgets Technology Apple iOS 10 ios 10 guide tech imessage messages messaging communications smartphones software ios Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Visit Our Sister SitesDestination Weddings & HoneymoonFlorida Travel + LifeIslandsSaveurScuba DivingScuba IntroSport DiverBoatingCruising WorldFlyingMarlinMarlin UniversitySailing WorldSalt Water SportsmanSport FishingWakeboardingWaterSkiYachtingAmerican PhotoField & StreamOutdoor LifePopular SciencePopular PhotographySHOT BusinessATV RiderBaggersCycle WorldDirt RiderHot BikeMotorcycle CruiserMotorcyclistSport RiderStreet ChopperSuper StreetbikeUTV DriverWorking MotherWorld Entertainment ServicesWorld Sports & Marketing
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « It Looks like iPhone 7 Fever is Alive and Well in Dubai this Morning | Main | Samsung Sued in Florida for Smartphone Explosion causing Bodily Harm » September 17, 2016 Apple lost a Patent Case based on a Nokia Patent. Will the EU now Open an Antitrust Case against Nokia as Promised?   On Thursday Acacia Research Corporation posted a press release (PDF) stating that an "Acacia Subsidiary" was awarded a verdict of willful patent infringement case against Apple. This was a case that Patently Apple reported on back in January 2014 titled "Cellular Communications Equipment Files Patent Infringement Lawsuit against Apple using Nokia and Siemens Patents." We made it known in that report that Cellular Communications was using a series of patents owned by Acacia, a patent troll that IPWatchdog called the "Mother of all Patent Trolls" back in 2010.   The original case against Apple was actually based on five counts of infringing five separate patents. According to Acacia's press release, Apple was found guilty of infringing one patent. Conveniently absent from this press release is the fact that Apple wasn't found guilty of infringing the other four patents in the case because that wouldn't have fit their narrative of the outcome of the case. The other patents listed in the lawsuit that Apple wasn't found guilty of infringing were these: 6,819,923, 7,215,962, 7,941,174 and 6,377,804. Three out of the four listed were originally Nokia patents.      Yet in the bigger picture, it must be pointed out that the one patent that Apple was found guilty of infringing was in fact Nokia's patent 8,055,820. Why does this matter? It matters because in 2013 the EU warned Nokia to not become a patent troll.   Yahoo! News reported at that time that "Europe's top regulator warned Nokia not to try to become a "patent troll" after the Finnish company sold most of its cellphone-making business to Microsoft Corp. this year but retained its patent portfolio.   Joaquin Almunia said in a speech in Paris he had approved the $7.2 billion sale as not presenting problems on Microsoft's side, but there is a danger Nokia will now attempt to "extract higher returns" from its patent portfolio. "In other words...behave like a patent troll, or to use a more polite phrase, a patent assertion entity."   Almunia, in charge of competition at the European Commission, the executive arm of the European Union, warned he would open an antitrust case against the company if it attempts to take 'illegal advantage' of its patents."   Considering that Apple was hammered by the EU Commission in August with the largest corporate tax bill on record, will they now open an antitrust case against Nokia like they said they would for Nokia taking illegal advantage of its patents by making a deal with Acacia to attack Apple?   Now that one of these patents helped to win a case against Apple, will this Commission be honorable and do the right thing or was it all just European pompous hot air and virtuous vomit?   I forecast that the EU will do nothing against Nokia because of their total disdain for Apple, and this will of course clearly show the world that the EU Commission and their regulators (or band of gangsters), are only out to protect "their own" at all costs.   Apple's iPhone revolution killed Nokia. The Finish Prime Minister to this day still blames Apple for killing their economy by killing Nokia.     Do you think that the EU will now do anything to stop Nokia from using their patents in multiple lawsuits against Apple or any other U.S. companies in the future as they promised they would? Ha! Don't be ridiculous.   When Nokia sold their patents to the "mother of all Patent Trolls" they knew all too well exactly how Acacia would use them and against whom. Will the EU play word games now to skirt the issue? Nokia has become a patent toll just as Almunia warned, and so the ball is now in the EU's court to do something about it. Just don't hold your breath.   At present, Apple legal has not officially commented on the verdict or if it will appeal.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on September 17, 2016 at 01:12 PM | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Gaming Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 6, 2017 05:32:28 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Technology > Gaming | Next Article in Gaming New Apple Products Have the Right Gaming Stuff Print Email By David Jones Sep 17, 2016 10:30 AM PT Apple is making a bid to attract gaming fans to the more powerful graphics and processing power embedded in its new iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 products. The iPhone 7, which became available on Friday, features the new A10 Fusion chip -- the most powerful ever in a smartphone, according to the company. The CPU fuses two high-performance cores that run twice as fast as the iPhone 6 with much more efficient use of battery power. The phone's improved graphics performance makes it suitable for more intensive gaming. Apple Watch Series 2 features a new S2 dual core processor, increasing the watch's speed by 50 percent. A new GPU enables graphics performance that's twice as fast. The beefed-up specs align with an exploding trend to develop high-profile game titles for mobile devices, effectively allowing users to play on their own or in battlefield situations from any location they choose. The iPhone and iPad are the most popular gaming devices in the world, said Apple CEO Tim Cook at the company's recent launch event in San Francisco. Further, gaming titles are the most popular category in the App Store, with more than 500,000 to choose from. Super Gaming In a surprise appearance at the Apple event, Nintendo Creative Fellow Shigeru Miyamoto (pictured above), the legendary game designer behind the Donkey Kong and Super Mario franchises, introduced Super Mario Run -- the first mobile version of the iconic game, which will make its debut on iPhone 7. "We want as many people as possible all around the world to be able to enjoy playing as Mario," he told the audience through a translator. Niantic CEO John Hanke, also appearing at the San Francisco event, introduced the new Pokemon Go app for Apple Watch, noting that the Pokemon Go mobile app has been downloaded more than 500 million times since its release about eight weeks ago. Pokemon Go for Apple Watch will encourage users to incorporate more exercise into their game play, according to Niantic, by encouraging workouts with summaries of user activity. The new app will be shipping before the end of the year. Innovation Showcase Smartphone makers often use mobile games as a way to showcase the latest advances in hardware and performance capabilities, noted Jack Kent, director of operators and mobile media at IHS Markit. However, the jury is still out on how much gaming apps influence new sales. "A more common hardware feature that drives new smartphone purchases is the camera -- which Apple devoted a lot of attention to at its launch event," Kent told TechNewsWorld. The Super Mario exclusive and Pokemon Go app are signs that the gaming community is confident in the continued success of the Apple ecosystem, suggested Ted Pollak, senior gaming analyst at Jon Peddie Research. Apple is banking on these apps to help it expand the market for the Apple Watch, which so far has demonstrated limited consumer appeal due to price and utility considerations. "I think the success of Pokemon Go is a historical phenomenon in gaming history that will persist," Pollak told TechNewsWorld. "Apple is arguably the most successful computer hardware company in the world, and they want to appeal to the mass market. However, millions of Android users also will want a crack at Pokemon Go, he noted, and the response to that demand will depend on the terms of the Apple exclusivity period. Game developers likely will have a wait-and-see attitude about writing new apps for the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch, said Lewis Ward, research director for gaming at IDC. "It's always a chicken-or-egg issue for third-party developers. The new tech is sexy, and you want to take advantage of the available enhancements," he told TechNewsWorld, "but the installed base starts off so small that you'd blow a hole in your foot -- or at least your P&L statement -- if you developed a game that ran on the latest iPhone or Apple Watch. Once the upgraded iPhones and Apple Watch begin to translate into tens of millions sold, then you can expect to see developers start up the cycle for those apps, Lewis said, but that is unlikely to happen before late next year. David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Apple Hopes iPhone 7 Extras Will Make Up for Missing Headphone Jack Sep 8, 2016 Snazzier Fitbits Sport Beefed-Up Feature Sets Aug 30, 2016 From the Olympic Non-Robbery to Ford Getting Out of Cars, to Evil NSA: A Strange Week Aug 22, 2016 News Alerts Apple Watch Activate Alert | Search Archives Nintendo Activate Alert | Search Archives Android Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Gaming Sony Kicks The Last Guardian Down the Road Again Sony's PS4 Pro Gets the Jump on 4K, HDR TVs Gadget Ogling: Smart Desks, New-Wave Gaming, and Roaming Routers Intel's Kaby Lake Chip Promises Deeper Internet Immersion Sony Tips PS4 Slim Standard Strategy Intel's Project Alloy Tosses Reality Into a Blender Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by David Jones Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Apple, Ireland Balk at EU's Bill for Back Taxes Waymo Offers Glimpse of Autonomous Chrysler Minivans Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Which sector will benefit most from technological advances in 2017? Banking / Finance Education Energy Government / Law Enforcement Healthcare / Medical Retail Sports / Entertainment Telecommunications Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much Which Wireless Carrier Is Best for You? Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Apple, Ireland Balk at EU's Bill for Back Taxes Softbank Pumps $1B Into Global Web Access Race 2017: AI's Coming Out Party CRM Buyer Customer Service Takes a Turn Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Looking Forward Stock Shortages May Deplete Brand Loyalty Fast Bill Bolsters Legal Efforts of Wells Fargo Fraud Victims ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat AI Platforms Welcome Devs With Open Arms SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Snapdragon-Powered AR Smartglasses Are the Real Deal Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Germany Could Ding Facebook for Fake News Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Microsoft, Qualcomm Tuck Windows 10 Into ARM Devices Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers Microsoft Sees 3D Future for Everyone Computing Refracta 8.0 Is a Pint-Sized Powerhouse Gooligan Ransacks More Than 1M Android Accounts Docker, Canonical Team on Enterprise Support Data Management Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Social Media Analytics, Meet Big Brother Emerging Tech Amazon Prime Air Zips Through British Countryside Uber's Self-Driving Fleet Takes On San Francisco Magic Leap Catches Flak Over Tricky Video Exclusives Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive Demandbase's CEO Chris Golec: Finding the Companies That Should Be Buying From You Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Hardware Nvidia Takes Self-Driving Journey to California Roads Microsoft Trumpets Stellar Surface Sales Microsoft and Intel's Project Evo Ups the PC Game Internet of Things Service in the IoT Era How AI Could End Stupid Thanksgiving Arguments DDoS Attack Causes Waves of Internet Outages IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Apple AirPods Finally Good to Go Gadget Ogling: Rolling Records, Designing Lawns, and Placated Phones Fitbit Pulls Pebble From Rock, Hard Place Science Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Gates Spearheads $1B Clean Tech Effort MIT's Nightmare Machine Churns Out AI-Generated Horror Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz 2016: The Year That Was Samsung May Unleash a Beast Waymo Offers Glimpse of Autonomous Chrysler Minivans Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone Qualcomm Apple created extra versions of the iPhone 7 in order to make room for an Intel chip That’s because Intel’s modem, unlike the one from rival Qualcomm, doesn’t support Sprint and Verizon. by Ina Fried Sep 9, 2016, 2:30pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Apple Included in the fine print with the iPhone 7 is the fact that consumers who buy the AT&T and T-Mobile version of the new phone are getting a version that doesn’t fully work with Sprint or Verizon. That’s a bit of a head-scratcher, given that with the iPhone 6s, Apple had one model that worked across all U.S. carriers. Even though most consumers don’t change carriers during the life of the phone, why would Apple seemingly take a step backward in terms of flexibility and simplicity? The reason has everything to do with the way the company does business. Apple loves to have more than one supplier of any key component. And while it designs the iPhone’s A10 processor (and that chip’s predecessors), it has long relied on Qualcomm exclusively for the iPhone’s modem chip. Exclusivity gives a supplier more leverage, and Apple likes to bargain from a position of strength. So there has been talk for a while now that, with the iPhone 7, Apple was going to split the modem business between Qualcomm and Intel. But Intel’s latest modem chip doesn’t support the old CDMA standard still used by Sprint and Verizon. By creating a separate version for Sprint and Verizon, Apple is able to use Qualcomm exclusively on that model while using chips from both Intel and Qualcomm for the GSM model used by AT&T and T-Mobile as well as many carriers in other parts of the world. Sources familiar with the situation as well as outsiders agree that the modem diversification effort is the likely reason for the separate phone versions. Apple and Intel declined to comment on the matter, and a Qualcomm representative was not immediately available for comment. While having separate models is a win for both Intel and Apple’s effort to gain more power over its suppliers, it’s a modest loss for customers, who now have to make a technological commitment to a carrier even in a world where many are no longer signing long-term financial contracts. As noted above, though, it’s a flexibility that few consumers take advantage of. The vast majority of people who change carriers do so at the same time they get a new phone. There are often switcher deals that make it more financially attractive to do so, and it’s just the way most people think about their cellphone service. For those who really want maximum flexibility, Apple offers the Apple Upgrade Program through its stores. With that program, you finance your phone over two years, but have the option to upgrade phones and change carriers each year. recode_divider In this Storystream All about the iPhone 7 What the iPhone 7 reveals about Apple’s augmented-reality plans Apple created extra versions of the iPhone 7 in order to make room for an Intel chip Apple’s iPhone upgrade program: How to turn your 6s into a 7 View all 13 stories More From Recode CES 2017: We’re liveblogging all the news and updates from Las Vegas What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers Apple cut Tim Cook’s total pay 15 percent last year as it missed its sales and earnings goals Recode Daily: U.S. spy chiefs, countering Trump, say there’s no doubt about Russia’s election hacking Trending Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s secrets with all his employees, and almost none of it leaks How to turn Trump’s Twitter account against him in 10 seconds or less A former Snap employee is suing the company and claims it’s been lying about its growth More in Trending This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest CES 2017 CES 2017: We’re liveblogging all the news and updates from Las Vegas by Recode Staff Join us! Podcasts CES 2017 Too Embarrassed to Ask What were the most interesting gadgets at CES? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ And, more importantly, why was there a “smart hairbrush” there? Commerce Amazon E-commerce Amazon’s store of the future has no cashiers, but humans are watching from behind the scenes by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Machines in the front, hominids in the back. Media Facebook Social Facebook has hired former NBC anchor Campbell Brown to improve its relationship with news publishers by Kurt Wagner Brown will take over Facebook’s News Partnerships team. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Roseville massage employee charged with assaulting customer Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed Farewell, flowers! Macy's Flower Show is no more Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Kim Kardashian West breaks silence on Paris heist: 'There's no way out' Ex-NBA player aims to build giant apartment complex in Brooklyn Center next Business 393477821 Review: AirPods are good quality, but at $159, you worry about losing them September 17, 2016 — 2:00pm The new Apple AirPods are shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint AIRPODS $159 Wireless earbuds sound good, but don't lose them Apple is trying to push consumers to a wireless future by eliminating the headphone jack. And the tip of this particular spear for Apple are the AirPods, its new set of wireless Bluetooth earbuds. The AirPods look like Apple's normal earbuds, without the wires. They pair to Apple devices particularly well, and the music quality was nice. You can also pair them as normal Bluetooth headphones with non-Apple devices. The AirPods have about five hours of battery life but come with a carrying case that doubles as a portable battery, which gives you more juice if you drop the EarPods into it when you are not using them. With the carrying case, you can get up to 24 hours of listening time. The automatic pausing feature was perhaps the most impressive part of these earbuds. When paired with an iPhone, the AirPods can sense when they are in your ears. Apple has designed them to pause when you take out one side to have a conversation or listen to an announcement. In terms of comfort, they were about the same as Apple's normal earbuds, but they lose most of the controls. The design and performance of the AirPods make them a tempting buy. But, at $159, on a practical level, you worry about losing them. WASHINGTON POST SWIFT PLAYGROUNDS FREE New game teaches children how to code Apple has released a free coding education app that it developed with middle-school students in mind, in the latest salvo among technology companies to gain share in the education market. Apple's app, called Swift Playgrounds, introduces basic computer programming concepts, like sequencing logic, by asking students to use word commands to move cartoon avatars through a fanciful, animated world. Unlike some children's apps, which employ drag-and-drop blocks to teach coding, the Apple program uses Swift, a professional programming language that the company introduced in 2014. "When you learn to code with Swift Playgrounds, you are learning the same language used by professional developers," Brian Croll, Apple's vice president of product marketing, said. "It's easy to take the next step and learn to write a real app." NEW YORK TIMES View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Reusse: Fleck was in the wind for Kaler and Coyle several weeks ago 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls 'Sly surprise' Watch P.J. Fleck take on a player at practice Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Why are Minn. culinary schools closing amid boom in dining? Heavily bearded David Letterman returns to TV pushing solar energy 3 critically hurt when North Memorial copter crashes near Alexandria Power goes to Packers, but Vikings get the win in our Week 2 NFL picks There's more than one way to send video More From Business Business 7 minutes ago Multiple factors expected to pump up gas prices this year MILWAUKEE – A new U.S. president, global politics, a jaw-jabbering oil cartel, the largest initial public offering of stock ever and unanswered questions about… National 57 minutes ago EPA: 540 tons of metals entered river in Colo. mine spill Nearly 540 tons of metals — mostly iron and aluminum — contaminated the Animas River over nine hours during a massive wastewater spill from an abandoned Colorado gold mine, the Environmental Protection Agency said Friday in a new report on the 2015 blowout that turned rivers in three states a sickly yellow. Business 57 minutes ago Fiat Chrysler recalls 100K vehicles to fix Takata air bags Fiat Chrysler is recalling more than 100,000 older trucks and SUVs worldwide to replace potentially dangerous Takata air bag inflators. Variety 6:28pm Farewell, flowers! Macy's Flower Show is no more The flower show is going away now that the downtown Minneapolis store has been sold. National 6:25pm The Latest: Trump laments Florida airport shooting The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST): Top Stories 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP 9 minutes ago Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' 54 minutes ago Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say 5:28pm Most Read Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed • Business Delta cancels hundreds of flights amid shooting in Florida airport, ice storm in Atlanta • Business Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store • Business A pledge to go a year without buying anything new • Business Alexander: Here's why free Linux won't take over PCs in 2017 • Business World 3,000-year-old Iraqi city devastated by militants, left for looters Friendly ghosts haunt Swedish royal palace, queen says Nation South storm: Fender benders, food runs, disrupted inaugural Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Politics Dayton unveils $300M tax plan; GOP unveils health care bills No doubt Russia interfered in election, US intel chief says markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Vikings futures for vets Kalil, Newman, Robison toughest to project Listen: Five burning offseason questions for the Vikings Celebrities Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump chides him for low 'Apprentice' ratings Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Wolves Wolves forward Muhammad out tonight at Washington Obama to visiting Wolves: 'Play better defense' Wild Wild leads the West but don't mention All-Star Game to Boudreau Struggling Parise gets pep talk from Wild coach Boudreau poll Poll: Was firing Tracy Claeys the right decision by the University o... 10,000 Takes His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow What New Year's Eve has taught me about love, loss and life Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Year in multimedia: The best of 2016 05:08 Watch the highlights of the Star Tribune's top photos and video from 2016. Taste Muscles and manicotti: Twin Cities bodybuilder chef cooks up Performance Meals French onion soup serves up winter in a bowl – and you should make it yourself StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Apple releases iTunes 12.5.1 update Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Tuesday, September 13th, 2016, 12:09 Category: iOS, iTunes, News, Software Apple released iTunes 12.5.1 today and you’ll need it if you want to use iTunes to install iOS 10 on your devices through your computer. The new version of iTunes, a 268 megabyte download, contains the following fixes and new features: – Now with an all-new Apple Music design, which brings greater clarity and simplicity to every aspect of the experience. – This update includes support for iOS 10; it also adds enhancements designed for macOS 10.12 Sierra, including: – Siri: Play music from your Library and Apple Music using your voice. Just ask Siri. – Picture-in-Picture: Watch videos as you multitask and use different apps. Your video floats above your desktop in any corner of the screen. iTunes 12.5.1 requires OS X 10.9.5 or later to install and run. If you’ve tried the new version of iTunes and have any feedback to offer, please let us know what you think in the comments. Tweet Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts HDMI 2.1 specification notes released, could bring impressive new features to your Mac AT&T announces global 5G modem, cites "5G Evolution" plans Intel announces new Kaby Lake processors, upgraded Macs likely in 2017 Apple to release Q1 2017 financial results on January 31st Apple Pay to gain support, integration at more than 300,000 MORE loyalty card-based vending machines Comments are closed. Search Recent Posts HDMI 2.1 specification notes released, could bring impressive new features to your Mac Apple Pay to gain support, integration at more than 300,000 MORE loyalty card-based vending machines Apple to release Q1 2017 financial results on January 31st AT&T announces global 5G modem, cites “5G Evolution” plans Intel announces new Kaby Lake processors, upgraded Macs likely in 2017 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple iPhone 7 Plus teardown reveals fake second speaker grille Apple iPhone 7 Plus teardown reveals fake second speaker grille By Bindu Nair - Apple is notorious for holding back when it comes to revealing key specs and details about its iPhones. Thanks to sites like iFixit doing complete teardowns though, people don’t have to wonder what exactly is inside their brand new handset. The iPhone 7 Plus is an especially interesting device to rip apart since individuals have been wondering what exactly was so important that Apple felt the need to get rid of the headphone jack for it. Unfortunately, the answer is not a second speaker grille as was assumed by many given the presence of a series of dots on the bottom left side of the smartphone. As it turns out, those holes lead nowhere going by iFixit’s teardown. The component is nothing more than an aesthetic choice, hiding what Apple calls a barometric vent. The hunk of plastic works as a barometer since the added ingress protection makes the iPhone 7 Plus a watertight box. The handset uses the part to equalize the internal and atmospheric pressures to give birth to an accurate altimeter. Also Read: Thieves steal Rs 2.25 crore worth of iPhones in Delhi Apple had previously told BuzzFeed that the space up for grabs after it eliminated the headphone jack was used up by features like the Taptic engine, larger battery, and more efficient waterproofing. According to iFixit, one of the things that makes the last possible is the glue keeping the phone together, with the site claiming that there’s more adhesive than before. Other than resolving the mystery of the dearly departed headphone jack, iFixit has also revealed that the iPhone 7 Plus packs 3GB of RAM and a 2900mAh battery. Its investigation is still ongoing, so there may be more interesting tidbits about the handset in the future. VIABuzzFeed SOURCEiFixit TAGS apple iPhone 7 Plus SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleMotorola’s ‘Skip the Sevens’ campaign mocks Apple, Samsung Next articleAadhar-ready phones embraced by Micromax, Intex; resisted by Apple, Google Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple pulls New York Times app in China after govt order AirBar adds a touchscreen to your MacBook OWC DEC is a dock that gives the MacBook Pro its missing ports 245,751FansLike 13,668FollowersFollow 13,451SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Nexus 6 finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Bindu Nair - Jan 6, 2017 0 Instagram clicks better pictures on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus... Sohil Nikam - Jan 6, 2017 0 Samsung’s new Chromebooks are the first to get stylus support Bindu Nair - Jan 6, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Mobile Phones Aadhar-ready phones embraced by Micromax, Intex; resisted by Apple, Google Mobile Phones Aadhar-ready phones embraced by Micromax, Intex; resisted by Apple, Google By Bindu Nair - Apple and Google may soon find themselves left behind by the likes of domestic manufacturers like Micromax and Lava when it comes to making their smartphones Aadhaar-ready. The former two are apparently resistant to the idea of adding the biometric authentication technology to their offerings. To recap, talk about Aadhaar-enabled devices first sprung up back in July this year. The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) had called for a meeting attended by senior executives of companies like Google, Apple, Microsoft, Micromax and Samsung. The purpose of the gathering was to discuss the possibility of embedding the system so that people could authenticate their Aadhaar biometrics on the smartphone itself. This may have a number of advantages for citizens since they would be able to access various services without having to go to any office. Also Read: Supreme Court blasts Google, Yahoo, Microsoft over sex determination test ads People familiar with the discussions assert that Apple and Google are against the idea since it would involve opening up their system, which in turn might lead to hacking. The former is known for its rigid stance when it comes to privacy, having been involved in a long-drawn standout against the US government when the FBI asked it to unlock an alleged terrorist’s iPhone earlier this year. On the other hand, Micromax, Lava, Intex and Reliance’s Lyf brand are open to the initiative and have supposedly started discussions with Delta ID Inc to add the firm’s iris-reading tech to its products. This comes via its CEO Salil Prabhakar who also added that a few Chinese manufacturers like Vivo, Oppo and Gionee were looking into the possibility as well. Making phones Aadhar-ready would allow people to verify their identity by simply glancing at a handset with a special Iris camera. So far, only Samsung has produced a tablet which is compatible with the system. SOURCEThe Economic Times TAGS Aadhar apple Google Intex Micromax SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleiPhone 7 Plus teardown reveals fake second speaker grille Next articleMan sues Samsung after Galaxy Note 7 explodes in his pocket Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Nexus 6 finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Coolpad Conjr is a $180 phone with humble specs Samsung Galaxy S8 release date revealed 245,756FansLike 13,667FollowersFollow 13,450SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Nexus 6 finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Bindu Nair - Jan 6, 2017 0 Instagram clicks better pictures on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus... Sohil Nikam - Jan 6, 2017 0 Samsung’s new Chromebooks are the first to get stylus support Bindu Nair - Jan 6, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
x PhoneArena is hiring! Reviewer in the USA PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony LG Apple Motorola Microsoft HTC BlackBerry View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung LG Motorola HTC Sony Apple Microsoft BlackBerry more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › The new Home button on the iPhone 7 won't work if you're wearing gloves The new Home button on the iPhone 7 won't work if you're wearing gloves Posted: 17 Sep 2016, 14:21, by Joe M. Share Tweet Share Tags : T-Mobile-T-Mobile+ AT&T-AT&T+ Verizon-Verizon+ Sprint-Sprint+ iOS-iOS+ Apple-Apple+ Apple's iPhone 7 is currently the hottest phone on the market. After months upon months of rumors, leaks, and photos, Apple finally took the official wraps off of the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus earlier last week. The handset has been the talk of the town ever since its announcement, and that comes with some pretty good reasoning. Although the iPhone 7 might not be the most revolutionary upgrade to the iPhone line that we've ever seen, there are still plenty of new things here worth talking about - most notably, the handset's new Home button. Apple made the decision to replace the physical Home button with a sheet of glass that's actually not a button at all. The new 'button' uses Apple's own Taptic Engine to provide feedback when it's pressed, and it's certainly one of the most interesting aspects about the phone. While the new button does get the advantage of being more customizable than one's we've had in the past, now that users are finally getting their hands on the iPhone 7, it looks like there's a bit of an issue surrounding the technology around the all new Home button. Thanks to a post from Myke Hurley on Twitter, it would appear that the new Home button on the iPhone 7 is only activated when it comes into contact with skin. Hurley tried placing a t-shirt of his over the new button and pressing it, and was met with no response from the iPhone 7 at all. Right off the bat, you might not think that this is an issue at all. However, winter is right around the corner, and that means that we're all going to be wearing gloves when we're out and about as the cold weather begins to strike down. And, with gloves on, the skin on our fingers will be covered. As a result of this, we won't be able to use the Home button while wearing gloves. You already couldn't use Touch ID if wearing gloves or had anything else that was covering your finger, but since the entire button is now nonfunctional when your skin isn't making direct contact with it, that means you won't be able to back out of an app and go to your home screen if you're wearing gloves while using the iPhone 7. The first solution that might come to mind is to use capacitive gloves that allow you to interact with the touchscreen of your smartphone, but even these look to be failing for most people out there. As annoying as this could prove to be, it's far from a deal-breaker. Apple has implemented a lot of new functionality with the lock screen for iOS 10, so not being able to use your iPhone 7's Home button while wearing gloves shouldn't prove to be that big of an issue. However, it is a bit annoying to see the Home button handicapped like this with winter just around the corner. Try not to be too alarmed if you see a lot of folks pressing their Home button with their nose throughout the coming months. via Slash Gear Related phones PhoneArena rating: 9.3 Excellent User rating: 7.7 Good Apple iPhone 7 Specifications News[352] Rivals Size it Videos PhoneArena rating: 9.3 Excellent User rating: 8.3 Very good Apple iPhone 7 Plus Specifications News[279] Rivals Size it Videos Related News   These iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus camera lenses will take your photography game to the next level   iPhone 7 Plus vs Sony Xperia XZ camera comparison: which does 2X zoom better?   Report: Apple to cut iPhone production by 10% in the first quarter   Jet White iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus mockups appear in video   Best Buy meets AT&T’s free iPhone 7 deal, and raises it up to $900 in gift cards   Some iPhone 7 Plus users report camera issues, units are eventually being repaired or replaced 56 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default hide low rated show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save 1 2 Next » posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:23 1 Reply 1. thegeneral7010 (Posts: 437; Member since: 10 Dec 2014) Ops.. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:27 2 Reply 3. kiko007 (Posts: 3421; Member since: 17 Feb 2016) .....Oops? posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:44 24 Reply 11. trojan_horse (Posts: 2321; Member since: 06 May 2016) .....Meh! No glove sensitivity. It'll be unpleasant during winter, and it's the latest in the series of unnecessary complications and inconveniences in the iPhones. SMH posted on 17 Sep 2016, 15:20 0 in response to #11 in response to #11 Hide Reply 34. therealestmc (Posts: 366; Member since: 23 Jul 2012) This is no problem at all. That's why you have the wake button or you can just pick up the phone to glance at notifications. This is the only you we're capable of doing before the iPhone with the home button using gloves and still can. posted on 18 Sep 2016, 01:37 1 in response to #11 in response to #11 Hide Reply 64. quakan (Posts: 1385; Member since: 02 Mar 2011) First world problems... posted on 18 Sep 2016, 10:40 1 in response to #11 in response to #11 Hide Reply 69. ibend (Posts: 5257; Member since: 30 Sep 2014) and... "winter is coming" posted on 17 Sep 2016, 14:00 3 Reply 18. Bankz (Posts: 742; Member since: 08 Apr 2016) Meh. I don't see how this is an issue. While being operated with gloves is quite nice and welcome, it actually doesn't make any difference as the home button could only be used to check notifications anyway as u couldn't operate the iphone fully with gloves on. Now if just checking notifications is your problem, then u can always do it with the power button. Easy Point being that, the home button was only used to check notifications (with gloves) which u can also do with the power button, and nothing else. The iphone (current and past gen) can't be operated with gloves, so even after checking your notifications (which u can equally do with your power button), you'd still need to pull your gloves to operate the phone either ways. A situation the iphone users have never complained about. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 14:48 3 Reply 27. nctx77 (Posts: 2102; Member since: 03 Sep 2013) You just said everything that I was about to say. They also completely forgot about raise to wake. Tech media is looking hard for a gate. They are still depressed above the note and want to even the score. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 19:11 3 in response to #27 in response to #27 Hide Reply 46. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4556; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) Raise to wake isn't anything new, I've had that since the original Moto X, and that's a 3 year old device. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 21:36 4 in response to #27 in response to #27 Hide Reply 49. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11065; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) They are not looking for a gate. They simply gave u facts and you dont like them Anything you see as negative to the iPhone and you all in defense mode. This grasping for gate straws. The buttom dowsnt work with gloves so tbeybare just telling you. What else is new. Capacitive screens don't work with gloves on either. So what happens when you make a button this way? Hey Apple, everyone in the USA doesn't live in Sunny California. YOU GUYS ARE STUPID ANS SO ARE THEIR STUPID GIGH IS HAVING FANS. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 21:37 0 in response to #49 in response to #49 Hide Reply 50. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11065; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) HIGH* posted on 17 Sep 2016, 15:09 14 Reply 32. NarutoKage14 (Posts: 604; Member since: 31 Aug 2016) "Right off the bat, you might not think that this is an issue at all." "Meh. I don't see how this is an issue." Typical response every time Apple messes something up. Both Apple and their user base claim it's a non issue and that eveything is right in the world. People should have the testicular fortitude to admit that Apple screwed up instead of defending them. I'm glad the article does chastise them a little. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 16:07 4 Reply 38. dmitrilp_ (Posts: 154; Member since: 12 Sep 2016) Reeeallly? so the home button is just to check notifications... so why even have a home button? what a retard posted on 17 Sep 2016, 19:10 4 Reply 45. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4556; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) Ive operated my 6p with my gloves on. And that was entering my security pattern, opening the dialer app, and making a call. And these were lined leather gloves. Granted the touch accuracy wasn't as good as ungloved, but I was still able to make a call without removing them. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 21:40 0 in response to #45 in response to #45 Hide Reply 52. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11065; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) Did you buy gloves with the regular fingers or the special fingers so you can operate a phone. Because capacitive screens dont work with gloves on. I have an iPhone and gloves without the touchpad don't work. Either your touchpad is woven into the material or.... posted on 18 Sep 2016, 00:06 2 in response to #52 in response to #52 Hide Reply 61. LetsBeHonest (Posts: 1484; Member since: 04 Jun 2013) Some Phones with capacitive touch screen do work with gloves on. The first time i saw them was in Lumia 920, called super sensitive touch screen. I believe Samsung phones also comes with similar tech? (not sure) posted on 18 Sep 2016, 08:04 0 in response to #52 in response to #52 Hide Reply 66. VZWuser76 (Posts: 4556; Member since: 04 Mar 2010) No, they're plain old leather gloves. I'm assuming the or..... is that you think I'm making it up. Well, think it if you want, I don't give 2 $hit$ if you believe me or not. I know it worked. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 19:55 4 Reply 47. RebelwithoutaClue (Posts: 3073; Member since: 05 Apr 2013) I'm pretty sure a lot of people use the home button to start Siri. Even with their gloves on. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 21:37 0 in response to #47 in response to #47 Hide Reply 51. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11065; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) Not anymore posted on 17 Sep 2016, 21:32 1 Reply 48. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11065; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) Not a problem? Where do love? Oh wait, its obviously not Chicago. When we have below zero weather, the last thing you want to do is remove gloves. A stupid useless senseless change. Whether its adeal breaker or not, it doesn't make it any less stupid. A hissing, buggy, nuttiness, scratchy mess of a phone. posted on 18 Sep 2016, 02:47 0 Reply 65. PhoneFix (Posts: 81; Member since: 30 Aug 2016) Who on earth gonna use phone with fkin gloves posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:25 2 Reply 2. Subie (Posts: 1012; Member since: 01 Aug 2015) Last line in the article made me laugh. That would be pretty funny to see! posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:28 21 Reply 4. Martin_Cooper (Posts: 1551; Member since: 30 Jul 2013) My biggest issue is the fact that the screen doesn't work with gloves like the samsung and other phones does. Answering a phone call with your gloves, half of the planet with proper winter will understand it. Its a super useful feature that's been missing on an iPhone for 3-4 years now. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:59 0 Reply 17. Unordinary (Posts: 2011; Member since: 04 Nov 2015) My iPhone works great with gloves :) posted on 17 Sep 2016, 16:30 0 Reply 39. MrElectrifyer (Posts: 3394; Member since: 21 Oct 2014) So did mine, with these cheapo gloves: https://goo.gl/sluOEI posted on 17 Sep 2016, 16:42 0 in response to #39 in response to #39 Hide Reply 40. Unordinary (Posts: 2011; Member since: 04 Nov 2015) So are nicely priced posted on 17 Sep 2016, 21:47 2 in response to #39 in response to #39 Hide Reply 55. TechieXP1969 (Posts: 11065; Member since: 25 Sep 2013) Those gloves have touchpad.....lol Regular gloves have never qorled with capacitive touchscreen devices...ever! Only resistive displays do. If your gloves work they must have touchpad. Any idiot who states their gloves work and dont disclose those gloves have touchpad, are intentionally being deceitful. posted on 18 Sep 2016, 10:34 0 in response to #55 in response to #55 Hide Reply 67. j2001m (Posts: 2984; Member since: 28 Apr 2014) On iPhone only mate , many other phones do work including the note 7 posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:31 3 Reply 7. IAMBLCKJ3ZUS (Posts: 308; Member since: 29 Sep 2015) Time for innovation. Tim Cook takes the stage to make room.. We removed the front facing camera to add a iris scanner. Drops mic some fanboys go nuts Samsung fans shaking heads. posted on 17 Sep 2016, 13:35 1 Reply 8. LetsBeHonest (Posts: 1484; Member since: 04 Jun 2013) I wonder why Apple is missing this one feature. I used to have this feature when I had a Lumia. 1 2 Next » view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › The new Home button on the iPhone 7 won't work if you're wearing gloves The new Home button on the iPhone 7 won't work if you're wearing gloves Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   Is this proof that the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 fiasco was not caused by a problem with the battery?   Latest issue for Samsung: Galaxy S7 rear camera lens mysteriously shatters   Beautiful wintry wallpapers in ultra high-res, perfect for your Pixel XL, LG V20, Galaxy S7/S7 Edge, HTC 10 and others   6-month old boy is moved out of harm's way just before a Samsung Galaxy S6 explodes 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom camera tech explained: Telephoto lens, Portrait mode and Dual Pixel auto focus Google Pixel vs Pixel XL: which one is right for me? Apple in 2016: a year in review and what we can expect from Apple in 2017 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review HTC 10 9 Review Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review LG G5 8.3 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Samsung Galaxy Note 7 8.7 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review Sony Xperia XZ 7 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom is announced with 2.3X optical zoom camera CES 2017: What to expect PhoneArena Awards 2016 Apple AirPods battery life test results LG G6 render shows similar design to LG G5 5G networks: speed, advantages, and all you need to know Future phones may charge faster, last longer with this tech Best smartphones you can buy right now: December 2016 Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell phone accessories, Cell Phone Accessories, PubGalaxy About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  

Latest News Dow 19,964 +64.51 +0.32% Nasdaq 5,521 +33.12 +0.60% S&P 500 2,277 +7.98 +0.35% 7:13 P.M. ET Trump, GOP Explore Ways to Fund Border Wall 7:03 P.M. ET Russian Hacking Report Exposes Political Threat 6:38 P.M. ET Updated Stock selection pays off for investors in India funds 6:35 P.M. ET Shots Fired at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Gunman in Custody 6:31 P.M. ET This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO 6:18 P.M. ET Trump team considering another Goldman exec for key Treasury post 6:11 P.M. ET Updated These are the 10 best and 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 5:52 P.M. ET Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: Retailers’ pain | A former insurance CEO on Obamacare | The wisdom of Charlie Munger 5:41 P.M. ET Elmo Encourages Kindness in 'Sesame Street's' 47th Season 5:39 P.M. ET Updated Dow misses 20,000 milestone by about a nickel 5:29 P.M. ET Fed's Kaplan sounds note of doubt about gradual rate hikes 5:18 P.M. ET SeaWorld Killer Whale Tilikum Dies 5:17 P.M. ET Kaplan: Fed should be able to raise interest rates gradually, patiently 5:03 P.M. ET Boeing's 2016 orders show slowing sales boom 5:00 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq end at records after solid jobs report 1/05 Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:49 P.M. ET Nobel Prize winner likens Trump ‘bullying’ of companies to fascist Italy, Germany 1:49 P.M. ET Fitbit seeks software success like Apple 4:42 P.M. ET 'Lion' Star Sunny Pawar on Playing Little Saroo Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home General Smartphones are distracting us to death—but we can fight back By Wallace Witkowski Published: Oct 2, 2016 12:00 p.m. ET Share ‘We’re not communicating anymore—just connecting’ By WallaceWitkowski Reporter ©EricPickersgill A photo from Eric Pickersgill’s “Removed” series. Slide 1 of 14 As the World Wide Web has become a staple of modern life over the last 25 years, we’ve used it in ways that have forever changed our relationships with people and information. That’s come with a big drawback, one expert says: We appear to be living less in the present moment, and communicating less with each other. Larry Rosen, a research psychologist and past chair of the psychology department at California State University, Dominguez Hills, studies the impact of technology on our lives. In his new book “The Distracted Mind: Ancient Brains in a High-Tech World,” written with neuroscientist Adam Gazzaley of the University of California, San Francisco, he examines how communications technology might be making us miserable—and more prone to distraction. Real human interaction, Rosen says, is more than just exchanging words or images on a screen. It involves body language, tone of voice, interpretation of moods, consequences, and the intimacy that comes with dealing with another person face-to-face. “We’re not communicating anymore,” Rosen told MarketWatch in a recent interview. “Just connecting.” That eerie sentiment is captured in a recent series by photographer Eric Pickersgill, where he photographed everyday individuals using their devices but removed their devices just before he took the photograph. Larry Rosen Dr. Larry Rosen, noted research psychologist and self-professed tech geek. Slide 2 of 14 Taking distraction to the next level Rosen is an admitted “geek” who says his love affair with technology started when his parents took him to a UCLA computer lab and they printed out a picture of Mickey Mouse on a dot-matrix printer. He now has a home filled with connected devices that can demand his attention at every waking—and sleeping—hour. “We’ve always had this propensity to be distracted,” he told MarketWatch. “That’s sort of human nature. It’s adaptive, too: I mean, as a cave man, if you were easily distracted, you would die. The problem is that the technology world changed everything, because now you have so many more ways of being distracted and you carry a distracting device in your pocket. “We have sort of become willing to be distracted, but we are not willing to modify our behavior,” he said. “I often describe it tongue-in-cheek as being like Pavlov’s dogs—we respond viscerally. We even see in the research that [when] your phone beeps, your heart rate goes up, your galvanic skin response goes up, you have this visceral reaction that, unless you have the wherewithal to say ‘Oh, I think I’ll leave that for later,’ is going to grab you immediately. “Quite honestly, it started with AOL: ‘You’ve Got Mail.’ I mean, that was the whole idea—to distract you from whatever you were doing [by] telling you something really important was there for you.” Now, Rosen says, what was a perhaps-irritating novelty has become ubiquitous as the concept of being distracted by our devices has become widely accepted. Distracted driving rising as a reason for fatalities. Slide 3 of 14 Texting and driving even kills excellent drivers Self-accepted distraction has real-world consequences. Distracted driving, for example, was recently shown to be behind a jump in traffic fatalities. “Distracted driving is killing people,” Rosen said. Until even more lives are lost through distracted driving—or some spectacular event occurs, like a celebrity dying—he fears that people will still think it’s OK to sneak a quick peek or text on their phone while they are driving. “It’s going to be hard to wean people off of that,” he said. There’s big money in distracting you. Slide 4 of 14 Distraction rules the S&P 500 Meanwhile, corporations have found it profitable to sell distractions. Companies that profit from keeping us glued to the internet and connected devices have seen their market values skyrocket since 1990, when the world was introduced to the World Wide Web, and 2007, when Apple introduced the first iPhone. in mid-September, Apple Inc. AAPL, +1.11% Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +1.53% GOOGL, +1.50%  Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.87% Facebook Inc. FB, +2.27% Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +1.99% Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.A, +0.22% BRK.B, +0.07% Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, -0.06% Johnson & Johnson Inc. JNJ, -0.48% General Electric Co. GE, +0.29% and AT&T Inc. T, -1.99% had the 10 largest market capitalizations on the S&P 500—meaning 6 of 10 had a direct stake in consumer technology. Getty Images We may multitask but we can’t multi-focus. Slide 5 of 14 What’s a euphemism for doing many things poorly? The three biggest drivers of the latest technological boom over the last 20 years have been email, the smartphone, and social media, according to Rosen. They have liberated people and increased their productivity, he says, but they have also contributed to an illusion that we can “multitask” efficiently. Opinion: Why the internet revolution is nothing to email home about Multitasking is a bit of a misnomer, according to Rosen, because it implies that we can focus our attention on several things at once—which, he says, we can’t. Human beings can only truly focus on one thing at a time, so “multitasking” is really an elaborate plate-spinning exercise Rosen calls “task switching,” in which our attention jumps back and forth. Rosen says that when he studied middle-school, high-school, and college students, recording them after they were asked to work on a task as they normally would, he found that students with lower grade-point averages correlated with a lower percentage of time spent on the task, their choice of studying strategies, their total media time during a typical day, and a preference for task switching rather than working until a job was completed. Getty Images Is Facebook a GPA killer? Slide 6 of 14 Focus and Facebook don’t mix Visits to one website—Facebook—predicted a lower GPA, according to Rosen’s study. It didn’t matter whether students visited once or 15 times, he wrote in his book: One visit was enough to predict lower grades. Rosen told MarketWatch he duplicated the study, asking participants to monitor themselves at home as they worked on a task for 15 minutes, setting a clock to alert them each minute so they could report what they were doing at the time. “We got exactly the same results,” he said. “They studied for about nine minutes out of the 15, roughly. They studied in about three-minute to four-minute chunks, which is not enough to study anything.” When he asked participants what they were doing when they weren't studying, Rosen said 55% were being distracted by a device they used for communication or connection. “They’re thinking ‘I have Facebook. I’ve got Instagram. I’ve got Pinterest. I’ve got Snapchat. I’ve got three email accounts. I better check on them,’” Rosen said. And this is going on even if the device’s alerts are turned off, he said: “Instead of an alert making you act like a Pavlov’s dog, you’re sort of getting this internal alert that’s making you act like a Pavlov’s dog. It’s the biochemistry of your brain that’s doing it to you.” Getty Images Pics or it didn’t happen. Slide 7 of 14 If a tree falls in the forest, and you didn’t post it on social media… Much of that internal distraction, Rosen said, is connected to a sense of heightened anxiety that occurs when devices are near. It’s a generalized anxiety that you have to be connected or you don’t exist—a phenomenon summed up in the internet quip “Pics or it didn’t happen.” “People are not living in the present anymore,” said Rosen. “That’s the psychology of distraction—‘distracted’ means not living in the present. We’re starting to see when people are not doing a very good job at living [or] having interactions…It’s changing our definition of what it is to be alive.” “Social media has upped the ante in [terms of] more ways to occupy time, more ways to feel obligation,” he said. Shutterstock When his phone piano-riffs, he suddenly wants food. Slide 8 of 14 Willingly going to the dogs With so many opportunities to connect—and so many people we know connecting all the time—there is a fear of missing out (or “FOMO”) even when our notifications aren’t on, according to Rosen. “That’s the part that concerns me: We’re sort of becoming inside-out Pavlov’s dogs,” said Rosen. “We’re attending to the wrong things due to the biochemistry of our brains.” But we maintain some control over our anxiety, Rosen said—we can adopt rituals that calm us down, such as taking repeated deep breaths during tense times. Those are choices we can control. “We can control how anxious we get,” said Rosen. “This fear of missing out and wanting to check in—we can control that. And the interesting thing is I’m not so sure that people yet feel the need to control it.” Shutterstock When devices cut into our sleep, they cut into our ability to remember. Slide 9 of 14 Respect sleep, or it won’t respect you Devices also disrupt the quality of our sleep, according to Rosen. Many of us sleep with a smartphone charging at our bedside, or finish the night checking out a tablet or doing last-minute work on a laptop. The bright light from our devices upsets our natural preparation for sleep, and sometimes cuts into sleep itself. That’s what worries Rosen the most. The average teenager runs an average 12-hour-a-week “sleep debt”—the cumulative effect of consistently not getting enough sleep, which leads to fatigue—they can never get back. These disruptions to sleep cycles, he says, make the body less able to clean out the “byproducts of thinking” from the brain. When you’re sleeping, he explains, the spinal cord opens and sends extra fluid into the brain to clean out the byproducts of the glucose and oxygen burned up during the day’s activities. The brain then flushes out these byproducts. “By not sleeping well, you’re leaving in toxic substances that are going to basically going to make you start to forget,” Rosen said, pointing toward decreased retention. Everett Collection Bored? Try meditating. Slide 10 of 14 The interesting thing about boredom We also turn to our devices to assuage boredom, whether we are waiting in line, sitting on a train, or with friends. The problem, Rosen said, is that boredom is a necessary state of mind. Rosen says he currently has a research student looking at historical data to see how bored people were five, 10 and 15 years ago to see if there is any correlation to the rise in communication technology. “My gut is that he will find that we are much more bored now as human beings, much more unwilling to tolerate the ambiguity of doing nothing,” he said. “Boredom is critical. When you’re bored, the brain flips into this weird combination of locations that are activated…and what that allows you to do is it allows you to go into the mind wandering, daydreaming, and what [happens] is when you’re in that state your brain pulls together information from different places, and you come up with ‘Aha!’ moments or very good creative moments. “We have to allow ourselves those boredom periods to be able to let our brain do what it does best, which is tying things from various areas—old memories, new memories, thoughts, just little bits and pieces. See how long you can put yourself in a boredom state with your phone next to you; it’s very difficult.” Rosen likens that state to what occurs during meditation, in which a practitioner seeks to let go of the chatter of thoughts in their head and concentrate solely on the current moment. Getty Images See what happens when you take their phones away. Slide 11 of 14 Tech detox doesn’t work, but we can adapt The solution to easing the anxiety and distractedness our devices impart on us isn’t to detox, according to Rosen. Many of us cannot work or connect with important people in our lives without our smartphones, and a “cold turkey” approach usually leads us back to our old behavior once the detox period is over—perhaps even more anxious because what we worry about we missed meanwhile. In his book, Rosen suggests a variety of strategies to better balance our real and screen lives. “This is very tough,” Rosen told MarketWatch. “We got here very slowly; we’re not going to escape very quickly. That’s why I start all these strategies with 15 minutes of a tech break. Don’t let yourself check your email for 15 minutes. Just sort of practice it over and over until you get better at it and you realize the world didn’t fall apart because you didn’t email somebody back in seven minutes—instead you emailed them back in 20 minutes.” MarketWatch photo illustration/Shutterstock First person to pick up their phone pays. Slide 12 of 14 Some strategies to live with our devices, not for them To fight distraction, here are some ideas Rosen’s recommends in his book: Driving: Texting or checking email while driving (or being otherwise distracted) increases the risk of a crash by 23 times, no matter how good a driver you think you are. The simplest thing to do is turn off your phone, but there are also apps—such as DriveOFF and DriveMode—that block email or texts when you drive above a certain speed. Concentrating on critical tasks: Turn off your alerts. Tell important contacts you will be unavailable for a given period. Schedule breaks in advance and deal with critical alerts at designated intervals. And don’t just use breaks for rushing back to your phone: Exercise briefly, daydream, or have face-to-face conversations. Real-world socializing: Rosen points to the recent phenomenon of “cellphone stacks,” where people who are out to dinner or drinks place their phones in the middle of the table and agree that whoever grabs their phone first pays the tab. “I think that’s an awareness of ‘I want to be present, but I just can’t do it without help,’” Rosen said. Create technology free periods or zones in your house, or establish similar boundaries with others in face-to-face social situations. Sleep: If you’re using your smartphone as a bedside alarm clock, buy a cheap alarm clock, and charge your phone somewhere else where it isn’t readily accessible. Remove distracting technology from your bedroom if possible. Use apps, such as Essential Calls for Android devices, or the “Do Not Disturb” and the “Allow Calls From” functions on the iPhone, that block nonemergency contacts from calling or texting while you sleep. Getty Images Try living this instead of posting the pic. Slide 13 of 14 What’s in front of us is always the most important “On the whole, technology is magnificent,” Rosen said. “The way we use it is not magnificent. And I think part of what we have to learn is that we are far more productive when we can attend, for periods, to anything. That means our school work, a report we are writing for a job, a conversation we are having with a friend, going to see a ballgame, anything. “The experience is richer, you remember more, [and] you have a more rich life around it if you can learn to do it without the technology distracting you partway through it. What I see is that we’re eschewing what’s in front of us for what is in the phone. That worries me, because what’s in front of us has always been the most important thing in our life.” Rosen’s and Gazzaley’s book “The Distracted Mind: Ancient Brains in a High-Tech World” comes out in October from MIT Press. Getty Images Try living this instead of posting the pic. Slide 14 of 14 What’s in front of us is always the most important “On the whole, technology is magnificent,” Rosen said. “The way we use it is not magnificent. And I think part of what we have to learn is that we are far more productive when we can attend, for periods, to anything. That means our school work, a report we are writing for a job, a conversation we are having with a friend, going to see a ballgame, anything. “The experience is richer, you remember more, [and] you have a more rich life around it if you can learn to do it without the technology distracting you partway through it. What I see is that we’re eschewing what’s in front of us for what is in the phone. That worries me, because what’s in front of us has always been the most important thing in our life.” Rosen’s and Gazzaley’s book “The Distracted Mind: Ancient Brains in a High-Tech World” comes out in October from MIT Press. Prev Page 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Next Page Quote References AAPL +1.30 +1.11% GOOG +12.13 +1.53% GOOGL +12.19 +1.50% MSFT +0.54 +0.87% FB +2.74 +2.27% AMZN +15.54 +1.99% BRK.A +542.50 +0.22% BRK.B +0.11 +0.07% XOM -0.05 -0.06% JNJ -0.56 -0.48% GE +0.09 +0.29% T -0.84 -1.99% Show all references Most Popular S&P 500, Nasdaq end at records after solid jobs report These are the 10 best and 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 Here’s the right way for stock-market investors to trade Trump in 2017 These jobs are getting the biggest pay raises Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More The Moneyologist Moneyologist 'all-stars' update MarketWatch readers on their lives View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $117.91 +1.30 (+1.11%) Volume 31.1M Open $116.78 High $118.16 Low $116.47 P/E Ratio 14.26 Div Yield 1.93 Market Cap 621.8B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $806.15 +12.13 (+1.53%) Volume 1.6M Open $795.26 High $807.90 Low $792.20 P/E Ratio 29.5 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 552.6B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $825.21 +12.19 (+1.50%) Volume 2.0M Open $814.99 High $828.96 Low $811.50 P/E Ratio 30.2 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 552.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $62.84 +0.54 (+0.87%) Volume 19.6M Open $62.30 High $63.15 Low $62.04 P/E Ratio 30.21 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap 484.4B Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: FB $123.41 +2.74 (+2.27%) Volume 28.3M Open $120.98 High $123.88 Low $120.03 P/E Ratio 47.65 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 348.4B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $795.99 +15.54 (+1.99%) Volume 5.9M Open $782.36 High $799.44 Low $778.48 P/E Ratio 182.39 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 370.8B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: BRK.A $245,394.00 +542.50 (+0.22%) Volume 170 Open $245,575 High $245,650 Low $244,190 P/E Ratio 17.34 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 402.7B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $163.41 +0.11 (+0.07%) Volume 2.5M Open $163.44 High $163.80 Low $162.64 P/E Ratio 17.32 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 402.7B Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE: XOM $88.50 -0.05 (-0.06%) Volume 16.4M Open $88.79 High $88.98 Low $87.82 P/E Ratio 41.46 Div Yield 3.39 Market Cap 367.2B Johnson & Johnson U.S.: NYSE: JNJ $116.30 -0.56 (-0.48%) Volume 4.8M Open $116.67 High $117.00 Low $115.76 P/E Ratio 20.58 Div Yield 2.75 Market Cap 317.9B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $31.61 +0.09 (+0.29%) Volume 20.6M Open $31.58 High $31.77 Low $31.36 P/E Ratio 24.59 Div Yield 3.04 Market Cap 278.8B AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $41.32 -0.84 (-1.99%) Volume 32.4M Open $41.98 High $42.00 Low $41.21 P/E Ratio 17.55 Div Yield 4.74 Market Cap 261.9B LatestNews
null
Saturday, January 07, 2017 4:32 AM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause As iPhone 7 sales start, Apple has scant supplies for buyers September 17 2016 09:26 PM Business Eco./Bus. News RELATED STORIES Apple’s latest iPhone can’t help it turn the tide in China Apple unveils new iPhones Apple expected to polish lineup with new iPhone Apple event has world watching for new iPhone Apple is ordered to pay up to $14.5bn in EU tax crackdown Customers queue outside an Apple store during the launch of the new iPhones yesterday at the Mall of the Emirates in Dubai. Apple’s global iPhone launch was marked by excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/San Francisco Shoppers looking to buy Apple Inc’s new iPhone 7 smartphones on Friday better have ordered ahead. Limited supply meant some stores sold out, leaving those who purchased online with the best chance to get their hands on the latest models – and some resorting to extreme measures. Apple stores around the world turned away would-be customers who hadn’t already ordered online. At the Covent Garden location in London, a security guard told people to try back in a few days. A few hundred who had booked ahead stood in a barricaded line, in the rain, waiting to collect their devices. In New York at the company’s store near Central Park, one man had been waiting in line for three days, and he wasn’t even at the front of the queue. Still, he was hopeful he’d walk away with a phone. Several hundred waited in line at the flagship store at San Francisco’s Union Square, with enthusiasm waning toward the back. Apple made several changes to its flagship product - the new iPhones feature camera upgrades, a faster processor, longer battery life and a new water and dust-resistant design. But their size and shape aren’t that different from the iPhone 6 line, apart from one key change: the removal of the headphone jack. That doesn’t seem to have deterred customers showing up on Friday on the first day of sales. Bobur Sadirov, a 21-year-old student from Uzbekistan, had been in the line in New York since Wednesday. He was among more than 100 people crowding the plaza in front of Apple’s store on 59th street. He was confident his persistence would be rewarded: “I think my efforts will be assessed and I’ll get my phone,” he said. The challenge for Apple now, as in years past, is making sure there are enough of the gadgets to meet demand. Customers who hadn’t pre-ordered the larger iPhone 7 Plus models will be unable to buy them in Apple stores on Friday, the company said earlier last week. That’s already leading to black-market tactics. Men outside the Convent Garden store were seen exchanging wads of cash to buy handsets from somebody who had ordered ahead. The 5.5-inch-screen model boasts a dual back-facing camera system, and analysts said inadequate supply of components for that feature has held up manufacturing. “We had known for some time that dual lens parts would be constrained at launch, nobody across the board is shipping these components in volume,” said Ben Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies. “The fact that all iPhone 7 Plus models are constrained is a sign of the supply chain.” The sight of hundreds of iPhone buyers waiting outside Apple stores to buy the latest handset has long been a ritual of the company’s marketing. Yet expectations for the iPhone 7 had been muted before it was unveiled in San Francisco amid slowing growth in global smartphone sales. Analysts will be left guessing at early demand anyway because Apple won’t disclose initial weekend sales numbers for the new models, breaking with the tradition of past years. There are two versions of the new iPhone: the 7 and 7 Plus, which start at $649 and $769 respectively. Both come in silver, gold, rose gold, matte black and jet black colours. The first customers to obtain the new models were in the eastern hemisphere, starting in New Zealand and spreading west to Australia, Japan and China. In Japan, the addition of a contact-less transit-card feature and better waterproofing was a draw for some shoppers. “I want to test this in the bath,” said Takashi Sato, 44, a professor from Saitama, near Tokyo. He was at Apple’s Ginza store to pick up a pre-ordered iPhone 7 Plus. “I’ve been putting my iPhone in a Ziploc bag until now. I use my iPhone a lot in the bath.” The more complicated manufacturing process for the jet black versions of the iPhone 7 may also have held up supply. The production requires nine different stages to achieve the glossy black finish, Apple has said. The jet black version of the 4.7- inch iPhone 7 has also sold out, while the smaller iPhone’s other color options would still be in stores on Friday, according to the company. T-Mobile US Inc and Sprint Corp said last week that pre-orders for the new models were almost four times as great as for previous models, helping drive Apple stock to its highest level in almost five years. The announcements provided some welcome news for Apple, which analysts expect will suffer its first annual sales decline since 2001. Verizon Communications Inc said pre-orders were at a similar level to previous years. Orange SA, France’s biggest carrier, said orders were slightly higher than last year, but that it didn’t have a supply shortage. More aggressive promotions from US carriers may have attracted new customers, Morgan Stanley analysts including Katy Huberty said in a note to investors on Wednesday. Pierre Gavarat waited in San Francisco to buy his first iPhone Friday morning. The 28-year-old has until now owned handsets running Microsoft Corp’s Windows mobile operating system. “If Microsoft, you’re abandoning your phone, then so will I,” said Gavarat, who’s originally from France and didn’t want the larger 7 Plus model. “I’m interested to try an iPhone.” In 2013, Apple overestimated demand for the iPhone 5c and had to cut orders from suppliers. A similar experience occurred with the iPhone 6S, according to the Nikkei Asian Review. Industrywide, smartphone sales have also been slowing this year. “Apple clearly controls supply tightly,” said Matthew Kanterman, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They’re possibly keeping supply artificially low, or at least lower than demand, so as to avoid having the oversupply of previous years.” An Apple spokesman declined to comment on Thursday. At the back of the line outside Apple’s Union Square in San Francisco on Friday morning, enthusiasm was lacking. “My iPhone 5 died two days ago, the screen became detached,” said David Nelson, a 51-year-old attorney from Oakland. “If my phone had survived, I wouldn’t be here.” Apple is likely to sell 44mn iPhones in the three months through September, according to RBC Capital Markets estimates, down from the 48mn sold in the same period a year earlier. The iPhone 6S became available in stores on September 25, 2015. Sales in the final three months of the year will meanwhile likely reach 79mn units, up from 75mn a year earlier, RBC forecast. Bajarin said Apple could sell 75mn to 76mn iPhones in the December quarter, which would be year-over-year growth, but supply constraints could prevent that. Many of the devices are reserved for Apple’s iPhone Upgrade programme, which started in the US and is being introduced in China and the UK this year. Customers pay a monthly fee and can upgrade their handset once a year, potentially stabilising iPhone sales in weaker years and helping Apple predict revenue more accurately. Apple has set aside new models for iPhone Upgrade customers to pick up beginning Friday. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS China’s Huawei sets high goal for US, global market READ MORE European stock markets unfazed by US jobs data READ MORE Eurozone economy starts year in chipper mood; Germany outlook bright READ MORE Draghi’s German problem flares as inflation jump stirs anger READ MORE Barclays flags ‘black swan threats’ to commodities READ MORE Palladium outstrips rally in gold, platinum and copper READ MORE SpiceJet set to order 92 Boeing jets for $10.1bn READ MORE Baidu family robot a Chinese spin on Amazon Echo READ MORE Tiny group of Tesla sceptics emerges as Trump’s energy powerhouse READ MORE play pause Top News Emir attends Qatar Open semi-finals 1/7/2017 12:27:59 AM Court rejects case against FIFA over Qatar 2022 1/7/2017 12:32:21 AM Gunman opens fire at Florida airport, killing 5 1/7/2017 12:29:15 AM Khadija, Kelly get going again after long breaks 1/6/2017 11:24:22 PM QSE expands 2.69% in first week of 2017 1/6/2017 8:30:20 PM POPULAR LATEST HIA's major expansion to start this year: Al-Baker Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Indian who hid French wife's body in fridge jailed for life International Jan 5, 2017 Bicycle riders from Nepal visit Asian Town Qatar Jan 5, 2017 HIA becomes sixth ‘5-Star Airport’ in the world Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Strong winds, blowing dust Friday Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Qatar Airways confirms change to Airbus plane order Business Jan 5, 2017 Honey festival attracts larger number of farms, visitors Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Court rejects case against FIFA over Qatar 2022 Qatar Jan 7, 2017 Russia starts scaling down Syria military deployment Region Jan 6, 2017 Gunman opens fire at Florida airport, killing 5 US/Latin America Jan 7, 2017 Iran ‘capitalises’ on Opec oil cut to sell millions of barrels Business Jan 7, 2017 Djokovic weathers Verdasco storm, to meet Murray in final Sport Jan 6, 2017 Practical steps to memorising the Qur’an Islam Jan 5, 2017 Trump White House: ‘all in the family’ Opinion Jan 6, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Fragments: Installation exhibition 9/1/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 8/1/2017 Fitness training 8/1/2017 Treasures of China Exhibition 7/1/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 7/1/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch 'Appy to help Regret upgrading to iOS 10? Here’s how you can go back to iOS 9 and ditch the latest software Apple customers can downgrade their devices in the next few days, which will leave their iPhones running on iOS 9 Revealed By GEORGE HARRISON 17th September 2016, 6:55 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments THE new iOS update has seriously divided opinion – but angry Apple customers will be pleased to know that there is actually a way to remove the new software. The iOS 10 update has tweaked messaging, removed slide-to-unlock and even sparked online outrage over changes to the appearance of much-loved emojis. Alamy 3 The new iOS 10 update has divided opinion, but did you know that there is a way to reverse it? However, there’s a way for savvy iPhone users to undo the controversial software update and go back to iOS 9 – although they’ll have to act fast. Apple customers with the new operating system can downgrade their devices in the next few days, which will leave their iPhones and iPads running on the generally preferred iOS 9. David Price, wrote on Macworld: “Removing iOS 10 (or any other version of iOS) and downgrading to the previous version is relatively straightforward, provided you do so within a few days of launch.” Watch the iPhone 7 get completely obliterated by Hydraulic Press Related Stories WHAT A BOOB Secret porn stash found on MILLIONS of Apple iPhones as iOS 10 update allows kids to access X-rated GIFs FURY OVER 'IBRICK' Apple users slam tech giant after new iOS10 update crashes their iPhones NEW ERA Did you survive Apple's iOS 10 update? New gun emoji and ability to delete Stocks app divide Twitter A bit sass-pect! One of the most loved emojis has been given a makeover... and iPhone users definitely aren't impressed He added: "There's a brief window (generally just a few days) after Apple releases a new full version of iOS, during which the company continues to 'sign' (or authorise) the previous version. "In those few days you can downgrade reasonably easily." AP:Associated Press 3 This fix works for tablets and phones, but you'll need to plug them into a desktop first 1. Before you start, be warned that the downgrade will wipe all of the data on your device, so it would be wise to back it up on the iCloud or iTunes before you re-install iOS 9 and reset your phone back to factory mode. Also be sure to turn off the 'Find My' feature on your device before you start the process. 2. Once everything is backed up, plug your iPhone into your Mac or PC, and find the iOS 9 ipsw file, which will be in youruserfolder/Library/iTunes. 3. Then you should be presented with a folder called iPad Software Updates or iPhone Software Updates, depending on the device you're trying to downgrade. 4. With your device plugged in to the computer, launch iTunes and click on your device, before selecting summary. 5. If you're using a PC, hold Shift, and if you're on a Mac hold the Alt/Option key and click the restore button. 6. Open the iOS 9.3.2 ipsw file and it should be installed on your device. AP:Associated Press 3 Controversial new changes to Apple devices have sparked a storm of opposition on social media According to the tech experts behind this trick, this should restore your phone to iOS 9 and undo all the damage caused by the update. Fans of the sassy emoji will be pleased to see her back to full sass, and gun fans will have their water pistols reverted to the real thing. The Sun Topics Apple iOS iPhones Technology Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Exclusive BARGAIN BIN BIEBER Poundland NOT sorry for flogging Justin Bieber's Official Annual 2017 for a quid Living Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living GRAPPLE CORE Meet the female wrestlers who batter their male clients into submission at a padded North London fetish gym for… Living CYBER SCAMMING Victim loses £750 in 'convincing' Amazon email scam - here's what to look out for Living QUIDS IN Poundworld is selling these Men's Health vitamins at a 1,200% discount - but are you just paying for the brand name? Living Revealed busted The Chase contestant has saucy sideline career as topless model with X-rated social media account Living Video 'I was sure that I was dead' Magician David Blaine shoots himself in the mouth as famous bullet stunt goes wrong Living WHAT REALLY GETS HIM IN THE MOOD! Dr Pam Spurr reveals the five sexual fantasies he'll never tell you about Living DEAR DEIDRE How do I tell my sick wife that I want to leave her for my co-worker? Living BE WARNED The symptoms of THIS killer disease are easily mistaken for a HANGOVER Living Video SEX APPEAL Model strips to a bikini on the streets of London to ask strangers to pay for her boob job... and gets more than… Living END OF THE FESTIVE SEASON When is Twelfth Night and why is traditional to take your Christmas tree down then? Living In the Slythe-ring Remember Draco Malfoy's henchman Goyle in Harry Potter? You won’t believe what he looks like now Living Most Popular Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive Hol Lotta Love Holly Willoughby's hit dating show Meet the Parents has won a new series after huge success of first show TV & Showbiz Exclusive foot the bill Snooty mum invoices friend for £325 after daughter, 3, returns from play-date with pen marks on shoes Living SINGLE MINDED Coleen Nolan takes her wedding ring OFF for Celebrity Big Brother after saying it was a 'trial separation' TV & Showbiz Exclusive GRIEZ YOUR PALM Man United offer Antoine Griezmann amazing £220,000-a-week deal to match pal Paul Pogba Football 'I'm going to smash your face in' Coleen Nolan snaps at Angie Best as sparks fly over Loose Women host's smoking habit TV & Showbiz Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Exclusive BARGAIN BIN BIEBER Poundland NOT sorry for flogging Justin Bieber's Official Annual 2017 for a quid Living TOOL BELTER Celebrity Big Brother host Emma Willis looks unrecognisable as she poses in undies and builders gear TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living IT'S ALL KICKING OFF Austin Armacost removed from CBB living room after furious bust-up with Heidi Montag TV & Showbiz Exclusive NOT LOVIN' IT McDonald's customer complained after being served THIS disgusting milkshake only to be told by staff: 'It… News Exclusive DOUBLE TROUBLE Jedward will make a surprise entrance to the Celebrity Big Brother house... TONIGHT TV & Showbiz LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living GRAPPLE CORE Meet the female wrestlers who batter their male clients into submission at a padded North London fetish gym for… Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Menu Home + Nation General Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Government Crime UAE health Transport Education Happiness Times Weather Sponsored Content UAE FLAG DAY Yas Island - Anime KT 10 + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others + Business Local business Markets Economy Auto Gadgets and Electronics Banking and Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Companies Dubai Airshow 2015 Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local sports Cricket Cricket Scorecard Football Tennis Horse racing Formula 1 Golf Other sports Dubai World Cup 2016 Euro 2016 ICC World Twenty20 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships Olympics 2016 Omega Dubai Desert Classic 2016 Wimbledon 2016 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Technology Videos + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music CT Musing + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat Legal View Editorials and columns Letters to the Editor + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (Photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan (videos) Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Gold/forex Bahrain Qatar + Prayer Timings Prayer timings International Prayer Timings UAE Ramadan Time Table Cinema listings + Weather United Arab Emirates Region GCC Countries Asia Europe America + Abu Dhabi Grand Prix F1 Entertainment F1 News F1 Photos F1 Videos Battle For White House Competitions Entertainment + Flydubai Plane Crash Flydubai Plane Crash Photos Flydubai Plane Crash Videos GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals + Global Village 2016 Global Village Photos Global Village Videos + India Budget 2016-17 India Budget Photos India Budget Videos Inspired Living Listicles + Other pages Advertise with us Contact us Humour Junction Idea Graph Life Is Like That UAE Driving Licence UAE Public Holidays + UAE-India Ties UAE-India Photos UAE-India Videos Utilities Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Publications : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER Sign in | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Technology News Nation KT 10 Business GOLD/FOREX Sports Technology Entertainment Utilities All CITY TIMES WKND KT BUZZON Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Offbeat| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Region | International | Dubai | Abu Dhabi | Sharjah | Government | Crime | India | Pakistan | Philippines | Global Village 2016 General | Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman | Government | Crime | UAE health | Transport | Education | Happiness Times | Weather | Global Village 2016 Local Business | Markets | Economy | Auto | Banking and Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Gold/Forex News | Local Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | Formula 1 | Golf | Other Sports | Abu Dhabi Grand Prix | Mobiles | Computers | Game Zone | Industry | Features | Gadgets & Electronics | Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion   HOME > Technology Gulf welcomes new Apple flagship device Muzaffar Rizvi/Dubai Filed on September 18, 2016 | Last updated on September 18, 2016 at 02.07 pm Share More > Vote People queue outside Apple store at the Mall of the Emirates. (Photo by Leslie Pableo) Alshop.online expecting to sell 5,000 units of new device during the first month of its launch As the new iPhone device was simultaneously launched in 28 countries on Saturday, Gulf customers throng Apple stores in the UAE or made online booking with Dubai-based portals to get early delivery. Venkat Reddy, co-founder of District 366.com and chief experience officer of alshop.online, said new Apple flagship device has received huge response in the UAE and Gulf region and is expected to break new sales record. "We have 500-plus pre-launch orders for the first three days and are still receiving a lot of inquiries even from neighbouring Gulf states Saudi Arabia and Qatar. We are expecting to sell 5,000 units of new device during first month of its launch," Reddy told Khaleej Times at the first live unboxing event of the new iPhone 7 in the UAE. He said alshop.online is delivering the latest iPhone 7 to its customers within 48 hours of placing an order on the website. To a question, he said the website's clientele in Saudi Arabia will receive their iPhones by Sunday morning - days ahead of the phone's official launch in the country. "It is for the first time Saudi fans of Apple's products will start receiving deliveries from Dubai as the iPhone 7 is being launched simultaneously in the country along with other 28 countries across the globe," he said. To a question, he said anyone from around the world can place an order for iPhone 7 on alshop.online and an immediate delivery will not be a problem. "We have enough stocks and an excellent supply chain mechanism to meet the growing demand of the new device." However, he made it clear that jet black version of the iPhone 7 is more in demand while its supply is not good enough to meet the customers' orders. "As an online portal, our focus is on Gulf countries and Mena region. We will expand our portfolio in due course of time with the expansion in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and Egypt," Reddy said. "Alshop.online will soon become much bigger and better, with a new brand and image, called District 366, which will be launched in the next few weeks and will have various online shopping 'Districts', including electronics, cosmetics, fashion etc. The site will also host an exclusive range of top Italian fashion brands never seen before in the UAE as well as other exclusive brands from the world over," he added. He said District 366 is set to be a new age online store offering the latest that e-commerce can bring to your doorstep in fashion, technology, home décor and appliances, and much more. "Alshop.online is vastly different from other websites which take several days and even weeks to deliver the orders. The site is also home to thousands of other products," he said. - muzaffarrizvi@khaleejtimes.com   Share More > Vote MORE FROM Technology Technology Rendezvous with Emirati champion racers Having made a name for themselves as serious podium contender in a... READ MORE Technology Free WiFi at all Dubai airports: High-speed,... Bandwidth capacity is sufficient to power a small city. READ MORE Technology Say goodbye to WhatsApp in 2017 WhatsApp, with more than one billion monthly users, was phasing out... READ MORE Companies Palestinian startups innovate well to get through ... Unique challenges bringing out the best in them READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Nation Happiness comes to the doorstep of UAE residents The household survey, through which the ministry of happiness is... READ MORE India Jayalalithaa suffers cardiac arrest, crowds... Some of the AIADMK cadre assembled outside the hospital broke down on ... READ MORE General 5 workers die in horrific Dubai bus-truck... Police officials urge motorists to indicate while changing lanes and... READ MORE Ras Al Khaimah Have a complicated crime? Trust Johny, the expert ... Johny the 'Tracer' has managed to successfully track down a burglar... READ MORE   Popular Voted Technology Say goodbye to WhatsApp in 2017 99086 views | 3 December 2016 India Preity Zinta's cousin brother commits suicide 38235 views | 3 December 2016 General Watch: Shaikh Mohammed's daughter gets beautiful tribute poem from fiance 22826 views | 4 December 2016 UAE health How cancer changed the life of this Dubai resident 18544 views | 3 December 2016 General 5 workers die in horrific Dubai bus-truck collision 15709 views | 4 December 2016 National Day 2016 As it happened: UAE celebrates National Day 15623 views | 2 December 2016 MENA WATCH: Lion kills trainer in front of horrified children 14996 views | 4 December 2016 Telecom Make calls from UAE to India, Pakistan for Dh3 only 12118 views | 4 December 2016 UAE health Feigning sickness for leave? Now your UAE employer can catch you 11862 views | 3 December 2016 Newsmakers Virat, Anushka's dance steals the thunder at Yuvraj's wedding 11155 views | 4 December 2016 Crime Emirati accused of forcefully kissing woman 10957 views | 3 December 2016 Government Shaikh Mohammed's daughter Al Jalila turns nine on National Day 8292 views | 2 December 2016 Newsmakers India's Srinidhi Shetty bags 'Miss Supranational 2016' crown 7283 views | 3 December 2016 Abu Dhabi Photos: Paris Hilton slays the abaya look at Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque 6834 views | 4 December 2016 Bollywood First teaser: Shah Rukh Khan invites you to 'my Dubai' 6541 views | 4 December 2016 Dubai Shaikha Latifa shares picture of her fiancé with father 211 votes | 29 November 2016 National Day 2016 On a budget? Spend UAE National Day in Dh50 or less 203 votes | 27 November 2016 Dubai Shaikh Mohammed's daughter Shaikha Latifa is getting engaged 203 votes | 28 November 2016 National Day 2016 Celebrating National Day in Dubai? Here's the calendar of events 202 votes | 29 November 2016 Nation Get free pizza in UAE for National Day celebrations 159 votes | 28 November 2016 Pakistan Watch: Famous Pakistani chaiwala walks the ramp 157 votes | 28 November 2016 Offbeat Woman opens emergency door, jumps out of the plane 130 votes | 29 November 2016 Martyrs Day 2016 The story of UAE's first martyr will make you sad but proud 126 votes | 29 November 2016 Aviation Emirates offers special National Day discounts for India, Pakistan 122 votes | 28 November 2016 Bollywood This video of Aamir Khan's extreme transformation shouldn't be tried at home 117 votes | 29 November 2016 Dubai Dubai man walks 1,000km to seek justice 113 votes | 29 November 2016 Crime Dubai man robbed of Dh18,000 at Bur Dubai temple 106 votes | 27 November 2016 Ras Al Khaimah Truth about birds flocking to Ras Al Khaimah beaches 81 votes | 28 November 2016 General 5 workers die in horrific Dubai bus-truck collision 79 votes | 4 December 2016 Abu Dhabi Bidder of Dh31m number plate arrested for fraud 77 votes | 29 November 2016   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the World in your inbox, so you dont missout on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2016 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region World Business Markets Economy Auto Technology Gadgets & Electronics Banking & Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing Formula 1 Golf Other Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Editorials & Columns Letters to Editor Photos   Videos Gold/forex Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather e-paper KT BUZZON Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year September 17, 2016 AAPL: 114.92 -0.65 Apple responds to campus sexism allegations, says it has investigated & taken action Chance Miller - Sep. 17th 2016 10:12 am PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Seemingly overshadowed by the chaos of iPhone 7 launch week were a pair of articles that highlight an alleged “very toxic atmosphere” at Apple’s Cupertino headquarters. An article from Mic pointed to a variety of instances of alleged sexism and inappropriate behavior. Now, Recode has sat down with Apple’s head of human resources Denise Young Smith to discuss the issues raised in the article and what Apple is doing to combat them. The Mic article alleged that things such as inappropriate jokes and harassment have become plentiful at Apple’s male-dominated headquarters in Cupertino. Considered to be the “the final straw” was an email thread in which several rape jokes were made in relation to the “Bed Intruder Song” that took the internet by storm a few years back, according to Gizmodo. One female Apple employee in the chain, seemingly fed up with the inappropriate jokes, escalated the issue straight to Tim Cook and was joined by a handful of other employees in doing so. “Rape jokes in work chat is basically where I completely draw the limit,” she wrote to Cook in an email obtained by Mic. “I do not feel safe at a company that tolerates individuals who make rape jokes.” The same article highlights other instances of sexism, such as men stereotyping all women as “nags” during a meeting. Another example given centers on one female employee complaining of sexual harassment and Apple admitting to her that she was in a “hostile work environment.” Instead of remedying the issue, however, Apple allegedly gave her the choice of staying in the hostile environment or taking a demotion to a lower ranking, lower paying job on another team. A separate instance of sexism given is a man constantly being referred to as “emotional” and being accused of being on his “Man Period.” “This is a statement used to push the fact that women while menstruating are emotional and cannot be depended on to do work or be rational while in this state. Therefore if I was a man on my period then I was seen as inferior and an emotional mess just like most women are once a month.” Another common, sarcastic joke throughout Apple’s headquarters in Cupertino is to compare the “toxic” working conditions of Apple’s headquarters to Foxconn’s. “The running joke,” one employee said, “is that Foxconn has nothing on Apple.” In the interview with Recode, Apple’s HR head Denise Young Smith explained that the company takes instances like these very seriously and personally. Regarding specific allegations, such as the ones made in the Mic and Gizmodo articles, Young Smith said that “commensurate actions” have been taken, but wouldn’t go into detail. “We take these things not just seriously, but personally. I have been grieved over this … that someone may have had this kind of an experience.” “Commensurate actions have been taken,” Young Smith said, noting that disciplinary actions can range from an informal conversation to dismissal. She declined to say what was done in these specific cases, citing privacy concerns. Young Smith explained what she is most concerned about following the articles from this week is that Apple “may have lost the trust of others.” She is also worried that the “women-at-Apple” mailing list, the source of the leaked emails sent to Mic, will lose its reputation for being a safe place for women to discuss their experiences. Cook, although he did not respond directly to emails sent to him concerning sexism, has also been taking the allegations seriously, according to Young Smith. “In the midst of all this, he was deep down with all of us to understand what has transpired and what can we learn,” Young Smith said. And that came in a week where Cook was taking part in a board meeting and overseeing a major product launch. Apple’s HR head is working on finalizing an email that will be sent out soon to address the allegations from this week’s articles, as well as Apple’s overall corporate culture.   Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Watch 2 review: There’s finally a reason to buy a smartwatch – CNNMoney Posted on September 17, 2016 by CNNMoney If you had to pick the new Apple Watch Series 2 out of a lineup of existing Apple Watches, you’d be hard pressed to do so. It looks nearly identical to the first model that launched just 18 months ago. Even after tinkering around with the latest … First look: Apple Watch Series 2 Sport with GPS, S2 chip, new ceramic back, second mic holeAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Recap: Everything You Need to Know About iOS 10 and iPhone 7Mac Rumors Your Apple Watch from Best Buy or Target could be delayedCNET 9 to 5 Mac -AppAdvice -PC Magazine -CNBC all 219 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
null
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Wireless Charging Confirmed As One Of Many New Features For 2017 iPhone 8 And iPhone 8 Plus 17 September 2016, 7:48 am EDT By James Geddes Tech Times Fascinating Facts About Steve JobsNow Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing A new report appears to confirm that Apple will add wireless charging capabilities to next year's iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. Rather than using a charging mat, the smartphones will use RF from a transmitter/receiver that will allow them to charge within 15 feet of their base.  ( You Tech | YouTube ) Advertisement Just as Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus hit store shelves, details regarding the company's 2017 iPhones are leaking. The new iPhone will reportedly be named iPhone 8, include a complete redesign and gain wireless charging capabilities. When Samsung officially took the wraps off of the Galaxy Note 7 in August, the company scored high praise from the tech community, which many proclaimed was not only the best smartphone to ever be released by Samsung, but was also the best handset on the market. They also weighed in with predictions that the new Note 7 would easily topple its main competitor, Apple's iPhone 7 Plus, due in part to the new iPhone using essentially the same design as that of its predecessor. Consumers seemed to agree with the tech community and sales of the Galaxy Note 7 were higher than Samsung had anticipated and the company was forced to delay certain color options in order to catch up. Then the unthinkable happened, customers began reporting that in some cases the device exploded or caught fire. The defect was found to be with the batteries that power the handset and has led to a total recall of the Galaxy Note 7. Meanwhile, early sales of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have shattered records at Sprint and T-Mobile and the larger iPhone is surely benefitting from Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 absence. Rumors claim that Samsung is planning to push up the release of its next-gen flagship Galaxy S8 because of the Note 7 fiasco. There has been debate on whether Apple will use its current naming convention and release an iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus next year or use the same move Samsung used this year by skipping the Galaxy Note 6 name for Galaxy Note 7. Many believe that Apple will call next year's iPhones, iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, because the pair will reportedly feature a completely redesigned glass and metal case, and billed as Apple's 10th anniversary iPhone. Like the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge and Galaxy Note 7, Apple's iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus will reportedly feature similar dual-edge curved OLED displays. Another feature the pair will gain that has already been offered by Samsung for years, is wireless charging capabilities. According to a new report, Apple is said to be working with Energous, a company that creates wireless charging technology to allow devices to charge without having to place the device on a charging mat like most current smartphones require. Instead, the technology uses a transmitter and receiver that allows the device to charge within 15 feet from a transmitter. A letter from Energous to its investors lists its certifications, which include Underwriters Laboratory and FCC approval, as well as "Apple compliance testing." It's believed that Apple is testing the technology and will likely add the feature to next year's iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. As always, it's best to take next-gen iPhone rumors with a grain of salt, especially this early in what is expected to be a big build up to iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus leaks. TAG Apple, iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, wireless charging, Energous © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 7 Plus Teardown Shows 2,900 mAh Battery And Why Apple Removed Headphone Jack And More Free iPhone 7 Deals Drive Record Sales At Sprint And T-Mobile No iPhone 7 And iPhone 7 Plus 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Is Apple PR Nightmare: What's The Real Reason Why It Was Removed? Free iPhone 7 Deals From Verizon And AT&T Too Good To Be True? Sprint Joins Verizon, AT&T, And T-Mobile With Free iPhone 7 Trade-In Promotion From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Attention, 'Overwatch' Players: Don't Abuse Mei's Ice Wall Cheat Or You'll Be Punished 2 Space Skywatching In 2017: Here’s When To Look Up To Catch The Planets 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8 Edge/Plus: Mass Production Beginning In March With 10 Million Units Built For April Release Advertisement 4 Televisions CES 2017: Should You Get Sony's Bravia OLED 4K HDR TV Or LG's Signature OLED 4K HDR W TV? 5 Business Tech Sears, Kmart And Macy's Are Closing Down Stores: Here's A Full List Of Where They'll Shut Down 6 Feature | Science Can Humans Survive A Zombie Apocalypse? Studies Investigate Spread Of Zombie Infection 7 Space New NASA Missions To Send Robotic Probes To Study Mysterious Asteroids In The Solar System 8 Televisions Xiaomi Shows Off Ultra-Thin Mi TV 4 At CES 2017: This Modular TV Is 30 Percent Thinner Than The iPhone 9 Apps/Software Google Outs January Security Patch For Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P And More 10 Gaming 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Release Date Finally Announced; Gameplay Video Shown Off At CES 2017 EDITOR'S PICKS Iron Deficiency Anemia Linked To Hearing Loss: JAMA Study Rare Comet Visiting Inner Solar System For The First Time To Be Visible From Earth This January NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius US Department Of Defense Warns Soldiers About Consuming Too Much Energy Drink Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Saturday, January 07, 2017 4:32 AM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Apple, Samsung struggle in face of Chinese competition September 17 2016 08:06 PM Business Eco./Bus. News RELATED STORIES Seoul power as Magath’s Shandong sent crashing China’s Huawei files patent lawsuits against Samsung Nokia name to return to smartphones in bet on brand’s power European equities slide on disappointing Chinese data Shanghai surges on borrowing move, but other Asian bourses struggle A man holds Apple smartphone outside a store in Beijing. The global launch of the iPhone 7 on Friday is crucial to Apple’s fortunes in China, but both it and its biggest rival Samsung, hit by a recall over exploding batteries, are struggling in the face of upstart local competitors. Text Size: A A A AFP/Beijing The global launch of the iPhone 7 on Friday is crucial to Apple’s fortunes in China, but both it and its biggest rival Samsung, hit by a recall over exploding batteries, are struggling in the face of upstart local competitors. The US and South Korean firms were relegated to fourth and fifth place respectively in the Asian giant’s smartphone market in the first half of this year, according to consultancy Canalys. Ahead of them came three Chinese firms, leader Huawei with a 16% share, then two companies little known elsewhere, Vivo and Oppo. Apple faces “a lot of challenges and pressures” in China from local manufacturers who are “developing medium- to high-end handsets and offer a lot of flagship products”, said Canalys China analyst Jessie Ding. The iPhone 7 – which comes with an improved camera, a water resistant body and minus an earphone jack – “doesn’t have many innovative features”, she said, pointing out that its double camera function was available on a Huawei smartphone six months ago, and it lacks wireless charging capabilities. In its most recent quarterly results, Apple said Greater China dropped from second to third place among its markets in the April-June period – when market research firm IDC says its iPhone sales collapsed by 32% year-on-year. For its part, Samsung has had to recall 2.5mn of its flagship Galaxy Note 7 handsets after faulty batteries caused some to explode during charging. The company has handled the issue badly, said Neil Mawston of Strategy Analytics, with slow decision-making, poor communications and a lack of coordination, and its image risks suffering. “Brand loyalty is not as strong in China as in other markets,” he told AFP. “It’s a very crowded, fragmented market and fiercely competitive, with rivals undercutting each other with price and design. So it’s not a market you can afford to falter in.” Low-priced Chinese competitors have been “particularly troublesome” for Samsung, which has in the past sought to offer phones across all price ranges, he added. It has responded by trying to focus on the mid- and high-end sector with improved models, which could make the recall especially damaging. And now, he added, “the Chinese companies are producing higher-end smartphones as well – and with a large degree of success. “In the last three or four years, local Chinese brands have been on a roll, fuelled by a swell of national pride in ‘brand China’.” Chinese manufacturers’ great advantage remains price: Huawei’s P9 boasts similar capabilities to the iPhone 7 but is almost a third cheaper. There is no official ranking of smartphone sales in China, and several different consultancies put out figures. Oppo – an unknown in the West – has experienced a meteoric rise since it launched in 2011, and according to Counterpoint Research, it became China’s number one smartphone brand in June, when its market share jumped to 23%. It is aiming squarely for the low end of the market. “Oppo has adopted a simple but effective strategy, going after the offline market... using aggressive marketing, promotions and sponsorships... beyond tier-2 and tier-3 cities,” said Counterpoint Research director Neil Shah. Vivo, part of BKK Electronics, the same conglomerate that owns Oppo – employs similar methods, investing heavily in marketing to build up its brand image, and on a vast distribution network that extends to China’s smaller and poorer cities and towns. Apple still benefits from its luxury image and “the strong loyalty of its long-time users” in China, said Fu Liang, an independent analyst based in Beijing. “The enduring image of Apple brand products as well as existing customer loyalty will continue very strongly,” he said. But the Californian firm sometimes has to contend with the country’s Communist authorities, despite regular visits from chief executive Tim Cook, who has made two so far this year and promised in August to open a large research and development centre in the country. Apple’s iTunes Movies and iBooks services launched in China earlier this year, but were then promptly blocked by Beijing. The firm has sometimes been targeted by state-owned Chinese media on issues of customer service, and they have prominently reported alleged security vulnerabilities on Apple devices. More broadly, said Mawston of Strategy Analytics, “Samsung – and Apple – face similar challenges in China. “There are serious distribution challenges, the fact that Chinese consumers tend to favour Chinese brands, as well as Chinese-language software that links well with Chinese social networks.” 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS China’s Huawei sets high goal for US, global market READ MORE European stock markets unfazed by US jobs data READ MORE Eurozone economy starts year in chipper mood; Germany outlook bright READ MORE Draghi’s German problem flares as inflation jump stirs anger READ MORE Barclays flags ‘black swan threats’ to commodities READ MORE Palladium outstrips rally in gold, platinum and copper READ MORE SpiceJet set to order 92 Boeing jets for $10.1bn READ MORE Baidu family robot a Chinese spin on Amazon Echo READ MORE Tiny group of Tesla sceptics emerges as Trump’s energy powerhouse READ MORE play pause Top News Emir attends Qatar Open semi-finals 1/7/2017 12:27:59 AM Court rejects case against FIFA over Qatar 2022 1/7/2017 12:32:21 AM Gunman opens fire at Florida airport, killing 5 1/7/2017 12:29:15 AM Khadija, Kelly get going again after long breaks 1/6/2017 11:24:22 PM QSE expands 2.69% in first week of 2017 1/6/2017 8:30:20 PM POPULAR LATEST HIA's major expansion to start this year: Al-Baker Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Indian who hid French wife's body in fridge jailed for life International Jan 5, 2017 Bicycle riders from Nepal visit Asian Town Qatar Jan 5, 2017 HIA becomes sixth ‘5-Star Airport’ in the world Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Strong winds, blowing dust Friday Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Qatar Airways confirms change to Airbus plane order Business Jan 5, 2017 Honey festival attracts larger number of farms, visitors Qatar Jan 5, 2017 Court rejects case against FIFA over Qatar 2022 Qatar Jan 7, 2017 Russia starts scaling down Syria military deployment Region Jan 6, 2017 Gunman opens fire at Florida airport, killing 5 US/Latin America Jan 7, 2017 Iran ‘capitalises’ on Opec oil cut to sell millions of barrels Business Jan 7, 2017 Djokovic weathers Verdasco storm, to meet Murray in final Sport Jan 6, 2017 Practical steps to memorising the Qur’an Islam Jan 5, 2017 Trump White House: ‘all in the family’ Opinion Jan 6, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Fragments: Installation exhibition 9/1/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 8/1/2017 Fitness training 8/1/2017 Treasures of China Exhibition 7/1/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 7/1/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Apple Shares Press Toward All-Time High After 12% Rise This Week By Douglas A. McIntyre September 17, 2016 9:35 am EST Print Email Tweet Shares of the maker of iPhones and Apple Watches rose 12.5% this past week to about $115. The stock has a reasonable chance to return to its all-time high if a few things go the company’s way. From a 24/7 Wall St. analysis: The crush of orders for the iPhone 7 has driven Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) shares to $115 from $90 in early May. It is now within striking range of its all-time high of just over $132 set on May 18 of last year. All the good news about the iPhone 7 may not be out. Apple said it will not disclose early unit sales. That may change, or clever analysts may make precise estimates. There is also a fair argument that Apple benefits from the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 woes. Perhaps most important, Apple’s next set of earnings are published on October 25. Wall Street speculation will begin in earnest as analysts jockey their numbers for precision. Many will be revised higher based on early iPhone 7 sales. Finally, Apple’s earnings themselves will show early iPhone sales. And its guidance, always light, may anticipate a strong holiday. That by itself could lift shares toward a new record. And Apple’s shares also were upgraded this week: Apple … has been winning as the iPhone 7 pre-orders have been very strong. Credit Suisse raised its estimates based on strong pre-sale orders, reiterating its Outperform rating and its $150 price target. Shares closed up 3.6% at $111.83 on Wednesday and were up 1.6% more at $113.60 Thursday morning. The stock’s 52-week trading range is $89.47 to $123.82, and the consensus analyst price target is $123.66. That $150 price target would put Apple shares well above its all-time high. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Michael J. Fox Lists 72 Acre Connecticut Home for $4.25 Million Mississippi Is America’s Poorest State » Read more: Technology, Corporate Performance, featured, iPhone, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Most Dangerous Cars in America America's Best States to Live In America's Fastest Growing (and Shrinking) Housing Markets 18 Biggest Companies That May IPO in 2017 The Worst Companies to Work For Recent DryShips, Merrimack Tumble into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Nike, Goldman Sachs Lift DJIA Friday 2016 Boeing Commercial Orders Fall Far Short of Deliveries Friday’s 6 Biopharma Movers That Can’t Be Ignored Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide 2 Numbers PayPal Investors Should Watch How Much Social Security Tax Do I Pay? Kaplan: Fed should be able to raise interest rates gradually, patiently Fed's Kaplan says oil market will reach balance in first half of this year Stage Stores shares down 17.5% in after-hours trading Momenta (MNTA) to Receive $50M Under CSL Collaboration Why Microchip Is a Better Semiconductor Stock than Monolithic Will AMD's Vega Pose a Threat to NVIDIA's GPU Dominance? Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 U.S. job growth slows, but wages rebound strongly In sign of more hawkish Fed, Evans nods to three rate hikes Ford plant turns 'cemetery' as Trump wrenches Mexican autos How to Sign Up for a TradeStation Online Brokerage Account: A Step-by-Step Guide How Much Social Security Tax Do I Pay? These Gadgets Are Designed To Save Your Sleep World's Coral Reefs Are Headed For Major Die-Off Vietnamese Refugee In Canada Now Helping Syrian Family Resettle Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
Latest Politics Sports Gossip Weddings Hausa News Feedback Football Submit Video PHOTO News Buzz Jobs Currency Trading Submit Video 304 USD/NGN 2.05 NGN/CFA Trend of the moment as Apple introduces new iphone 7 Author: Ibitoye Shittu Updated: 3 months ago Views: 56209 Tweet it! Share on Facebook Send via email As Apple released the next generation of the iPhone again this year, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Nigerians are more than ever before ready and braced to drop their last coins on the new wallet buster. This is coming at a time when the country is experiencing an economic recession with an average man finding it difficult to feed his family as a result of the economic quagmire. The world's most sought after smart phone, Apple has officially released the much anticipated new generation of the iPhone - the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7s. The two new smart phones are definitely much more expensive than the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s plus. While the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus cost varying N102, 090 ($249) for the 16GB model size, N138, 990 ($339) for the 64GB size, $399 for the 128GB size and N155, 390 ($379) for the 16GB size, N192, 290 ($469) for the 64GB size, N216,890 ($529) for the 128GB model size respectively, the new iPhones prices have been stepped up. The new iPhone 7 price will start at N245, 590 (£599) for the 32GB model, which is the smallest among the model sizes of the new device. The iPhone 7 plus on the other hand, has its price on a higher pedestal in comparison with that of the iPhone 7. However, these prices of the new Apple generation are only for the pretty order batch; the prices are meant to skyrockets as soon as the pretty order regime is over. Ironically, some Nigerians would start saving up to be part of the pre orders that has followed the announcement of the smart phone's emergence across the world. The new iphone 7 Although, Nigeria is a home for luxurious imported products as expensive technology products usually get a bigger market in the country, unfortunately, Nigeria is among other African countries, considered a dumping ground for high-quality technology products. Sadly, none of these African countries produce any of the high tech products the world is in need of today. "All they are good at, is lavishing their hard earned money on the most expensive things in the world," a Nigerian fashion designer noted. Mr. David Oloyede, who is the head of the Mass Communication department at the Federal Polytechnic Offa, Kwara State, uses an iPhone 6s device, told NAIJ.com that the iPhone 6s is awesome and looking forward to getting his own iPhone 7 though when the price nosedives. “So far, I've actually enjoyed the iPhone 6s device since the last six months or there about. It serves me well, I just simply enjoy the phone. “I was using the Blackberry Q10, so when the iPhone 6s came out I said okay, let's try and see what happens with it and I went for it." Was it too expensive? "Yes it was expensive, but with the features I was told it has, I felt the price is worth it". Benefits? "I've enjoyed the Internet reception; it's excellent. Mobile network, the calls and everything. Basically, I've even enjoyed it's media - the camera resloution, the battery duration although is not perfect but at least, it's very okay. "I prefer the iPhone 6s because it's a little bit smaller than the iPhone 6s plus and it's cheaper, despite having almost the same features with the latter". READ ALSO: Shocking: See how Nigerians are hassling to buy bread Difficulties or shortcomings? "The only difficulty I've experienced with the iPhone 6s is that when I see a friend of mine having a particular file, I cannot just ask him to send it to my phone unlike my previous phone, I could just switch on the Bluetooth and ask him to send it. But with the iPhone 6s, it's not that friendly. The Bluetooth only pairs with iPhone devices and not everyone around me is using an iPhone device." Expectations from the latest iPhone "Yes I am expecting to, and I really want to buy the new iPhone 7 because of the upgraded features it comes with, and of course which is lacking in the iPhone 6s I'm currently using." Comfortable with the price? "Well I'm not comfortable with the price, that is why I'll wait a little bit, so when the price gets friendlier then I'll gladly go for it. I can wait for about four or , I think". Nigerians' obsession "Yes, usually we Nigerians have a problem with or let's say we love using expensive phones. It's more like we can actually say those phones are being made for we Africans, so we love expensive phones; it is a thing they just can't help. "When a new phone is out, everybody wants to see and have one, especially those who can afford it. "The truth of the matter is that although everyone is complaining about the economic recession here and there, but not everybody is actually feeling its impact. Also, we Nigeria's especially have this affinity for anything expensive and the latest. It is especially common among the celebrities anyway. And basically, everyone knows everything from iPhone is usually very excellent. Although it's crazy but it's a normal thing among Nigerians - it has happened before and it's still going to happen again." The number of smart phone users in Nigeria for 2016 according to statistics, is estimated to reach 15.5 million of the 2.6 billion smart phone users in the world. This means Nigeria ranks 17 in the global smart phone usage. This sounds rather alarming for a country which ranks 33 most corrupt country in the world and one among the poorest. Also, there is apparently much to say about Nigerian's readiness to spend a staggering N400,000 on an ephemeral smart phone. In today’s world, competition in technology and business is abundant as companies spend tons of money trying to outsmart the competition as the fight for market share and revenue continues to drive innovation and expansion. This accounts for the fact that iPhone, which was manufactured as far back as 2007, upgrades it’s version every year especially in September, to meet up with the end of the year peak sales. READ ALSO: Ondo state, reputed as the education factory of Nigeria Although, there is nothing wrong in racing up with the trend of time, but a more judicious spending at this material time in Nigeria is advisable. Facts about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus While aesthetically similar to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have several differences, including a pressure-sensitive home button, better camera, a faster processor and improved battery life, as well as having no head phone jack. They also come in a new range of colours and a starting size of 32GB. New iphone 7 What are the new features? The most significant changes on the new phone include an upgraded camera, a new home button and the removal of the 3.5mm head phone jack. Instead of the traditional head phone connection, iPhone packages will now come with earphones that fit into the phone's Lightning port, currently used for charging and data transfer. The bigger "Plus" model has an even-more powerful "dual-lens" camera. The AirPods provide five hours of listening which with the compact charging case delivers 24 hours of total battery life. The pods can connect to Apple watches, laptops and iPads. The iPhone 7 will also come with stereo speakers for the first time, with speakers now placed at the top and bottom of the device. Upgraded camera The camera has been revamped to enhance low-light capabilities and take even sharper photos. The smaller 4.7-inch device has a f/1.8 lens that lets 50 per cent more light onto the lens, a new 12MP sensor that's 60 per cent faster and 30 per cent more energy efficient. A 5.5-inch version of the handset has a dual-lens camera and this allows a huge increase in quality when zooming in on a photo, a problem that has plagued Apple for years. The iPhone 7 Plus has two 12MP cameras, one of which is a wide angle lens and the other a telephoto lens that can zoom 2X in high quality without using any software. The telephoto lens means the camera can zoom to 10X with optical and soft zoom. READ ALSO: Uganda hits by earthquake Cameras on both models will also have 12 mega pixel sensors as well as 4K video recording capability. It also enables live editing of video files and with wide colour capture. It also has image stabilisation and a new camera flash to improve photos shot in low-light. Apple has also doubled the number of LEDs to four - two cool, two warm - in order to create a more effective flash. That gives 50 per cent more light. It also has a flicker sensor that makes the flash look like natural light. The front camera has also been upgraded to 7MP from 5MP for FaceTime and selfies. Appearance Apple has introduced two new colours for the iPhone 7 to replace space grey.  The new models are available in five different colours including two new shades of black. A matte "black" and a glossy black will join silver, gold and rose gold in the colour options for the iPhone. The new shiny "jet black" finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models. The new handset look very similar to the current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but with the antenna bands moved from the back of the device to the edges. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available in five colours. Battery life The models will have the longest battery life ever in an iPhone. An iPhone 7 lasts, on average, two hours longer than an iPhone 6s and an hour longer than iPhone 6s Plus. The battery on the iPhone 7 lasts 14 hours when using WiFi and 12 on 4G. The iPhone 7 Plus meanwhile lasts 15 hours on WiFi and 15 on 4G. Internal performance The model will be powered by a new Apple A10 Fusion which has a 64-bit 4 core CPU. Forty percent faster than A9 of iPhone 6s and double the speed of the A8 processors. It also has a ramped up graphics performance which is also 40 percent more powerful than the A9. Water-resistant The new iPhones are also water-resistant with an IPX67 rating which means the hardware can withstand immersion in up to 1 metre of water for 30 minutes. Apple’s high standards for waterproofing have impacted the supply chain and lowered total production of iPhone 7. What can we expect next year? The big changes Apple is rumoured to be saving for the 2017 iPhone include its chassis being made entirely from glass. It could have an edge-to-edge display with an OLED screen, a significant step forward from the LCD screens the company currently uses. Related Stories Emirates Airlines in BIG trouble with Senate for employing 10 Nigerians Ex-Jonathan aide Omokri warns Nigerians off Aisha BREAKING: Five dead as gunman opens fire at airport Boko Haram kill 15 hunters in Borno Think it is important? Share with your friends! Tweet it! Share on Facebook Send via email Recommended news Fulani herdsmen in BIG trouble as Nigerian Army launch Operation Accord Fulani herdsmen in BIG trouble as Nigerian Army launch Operation Accord How to join Nigerian Air Force ( No fee required) How to join Nigerian Air Force ( No fee required) Tags: Nigerians Interest Hot: Tiwa savage baby Richest pastors in the world Nigeria police force Related news BREAKING: Court hands Diezani's $153.3m stolen funds to FG BREAKING: Court hands Diezani's $153.3m stolen funds to FG Diversion of flights: Fayose knocks Buhari, says Kaduna not safe Diversion of flights: Fayose knocks Buhari, says Kaduna not safe This is how some Chibok girls spent Christmas This is how some Chibok girls spent Christmas Attacks on Buhari: Face your state and leave Buhari alone, Fayose gets serious warning Attacks on Buhari: Face your state and leave Buhari alone, Fayose gets serious warning Is Nigerian government serious about fixing power supply? Is Nigerian government serious about fixing power supply? PDP governor's 'Christmas gift' to APC leaders cause division among party leaders PDP governor's 'Christmas gift' to APC leaders cause division among party leaders Jubilation in Igboland as work begins on 2nd Niger Bridge; job seekers flood area Jubilation in Igboland as work begins on 2nd Niger Bridge; job seekers flood area Advertise with us Submit your story Contact us info@naij.com Tags Categories Feedback Mail on Naij.com Social Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Application All rights reserved. © 2011-2017 NAIJ.com Nigerian news You may also like: 6 tips you will find useful if you want to have a PhD before age 30 6 tips you will find useful if you want to have a PhD before age 30 7 gripping photos from 2016 that will make you laugh and then cry 7 gripping photos from 2016 that will make you laugh and then cry JUST IN: Wike presents 'real reason' 6 police officers were sacked (see the dismissed officers) JUST IN: Wike presents 'real reason' 6 police officers were sacked (see the dismissed officers) Bank staff and security guard arrested for robbing bank where they work (photos) Bank staff and security guard arrested for robbing bank where they work (photos)
Home Church & Ministry U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Buzzvine Blogs Video Ipost To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. CP subscribe CMC sites crossmap gnl CPEntertainment iPad Mini 5 Latest News and Rumors: Tablet Coming Early Next Year? Release Date, Specs, Price Share on facebook Share on twitter Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit Free sign up cp newsletter! Sign up By Neal A. Lasta , CP Contributor Sep 17, 2016 | 10:36 AM x To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Many Apple fans expected that the iPad Mini 5 will be announced during the September event. Unfortunately, only two products were announced during that event: the Apple Watch 2 and the iPhone 7. REUTERSSmall is Big: the iPad Mini One of the reasons why many speculated the iPad Mini 5 will be launched on September was because last year, the iPad Mini 4 was launched on the same month. Now, the latest rumors suggest that the iPad Mini 5 will be launched on March 2017. Specs According to PC-Tablet, the iPad Mini 5 will have pressure sensitive 3D touch technology. It will also have a 7.9" retina display, 3 GB RAM and 32GB storage. This internal storage is expandable by up to 256 GB. The Apple tablet is also rumored to have an A9 processor with 12-core 7th gen PowerVR graphics. The iPad Mini 5 is expected to be thinner than the previous models, although it will look similar. The previous iPads are 6.1 mm thick, but this latest installment will just be 5 mm thick. Having a thinner body means smaller batteries as well, although the device is expected to perform just as well as its predecessors in terms of battery life. Specifically, a 5124 mAh battery will be used. Moreover, the front camera will be 1.2 MP while the rear camera will be 8 MP. Apple iPad Mini 5 is also rumored to be using the same type of aluminum on its build as the one used on the iPhone 6S plus and iPhone 6S. Although not the most popular change in the iPhone 7, the iPad Mini 5 might also get rid of the 3.5 mm headphone jack. This makes the device dust and water-resistant. New Name According to University Herald, Ming Chi Kuo, KGI Security analyst, said that an iPad Pro with a 10.5 inch display could be launched by the Cupertino-based company. Also, recent rumors regarding the retina display that might be used for the iPad Mini 5 suggest that the screen might actually be larger than the previously mentioned 7.9". In fact, the new screen might be 9.7". Even so, this is smaller than the 10.5" display of the alleged iPad Pro. As such, some experts are speculating that the much anticipated Mini 5 may have a new name: the iPad Mini Pro. Price Apple's iPad Mini 5 is rumored to come in two versions. The first one is a Wi-Fi only model with 32 GB storage, and is said to be sold at a starting price of $420. The other version is a Wi-Fi plus 4G model with 128 GB storage, and is $760 worth. Share on facebook Share on twitter Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit Free sign up cp newsletter! Sign up Most Popular 90,000 Christians Killed in 2016, 1 Every 6 Minutes: Study Gospel Icon Kim Burrell Says Eddie Long, Andrew Caldwell and 'Perverted Homosexual Spirit' Embarrassing Church Debbie Reynolds' Son, Pastor Todd Fisher, Says Mom Wanted to Be With Daughter, Carrie Yolanda Adams to Kim Burrell: Attack on My Friend Bishop Long Is Unwarranted Singer Lauren Daigle Honors God on 'Good Morning America' in Time Square (Watch) other headlines Vatican Debunks Fake Pope Quotes Calling Jesus, Muhammad 'Distinctly The Same' New Islamic Terror in Nigeria Kills 800 Christians, Muslims; Destroyed 16 Churches ISIS Claims Istanbul Nightclub Terror Attack Was Targeted at Killing 'Pagan' Christians 'Cradle of Christianity' Tour at Israeli Museum Shows Jerusalem as It Looked in Jesus' Day Critics Say She Is a Man in Drag, but Prophetess Chyna Davis Insists She Is a Holy Woman of God World's Oldest Killer Whale Presumed Dead; 'Granny' Was Over 100 Years Old Pakistan: Muslims Demand Shaan Taseer Be Killed for Anti-Blasphemy Post on Facebook ISIS Leader, 400 Militants Enter Europe Disguised as Refugees Yolanda Adams to Kim Burrell: Attack on My Friend Bishop Long Is Unwarranted New Photos Show ISIS' Destruction of Iraq's Ancient City of Nimrud Chinese Christian Woman Sentenced to 3 Years in Prison for Holding Bible Study Gospel Icon Kim Burrell Says Eddie Long, Andrew Caldwell and 'Perverted Homosexual Spirit' Embarrassing Church Four Dead, Including 2 Kids, in Apparent Murder-Suicide on New Year's Day in South Carolina Turkey Denies Appeal for American Pastor Jailed on 'Terror' Charges for Christian Faith NASA Reveals Stunning 'Ice Homes' to House Astronauts on Mars in Near Future 23-Nation Survey on Transgenderism Finds Less Than Half of Americans Think It's 'Natural' Christian Woman Stabbed by Migrant in Austria for Reading the Bible Kidnapped Priest Tom Uzhunnalil Begs Pope Francis to Rescue Him From Islamic Militants in Yemen Who is Hannah Lee Fowler? Country Singer Sam Hunt Engaged to Long Time On-Off Girlfriend Norway Ends 500-Y-O Lutheran Church Partnership, 'Biggest Change Since the Reformation' Two Priests Go Missing After Helping Reporters Cover Church Bombing in Burma Ken Ham Says Too Many Christians Are Abandoning the Bible, Calls for 'New Reformation' 5 Motivating Apps for Carrying out Your New Year's Resolutions Most Americans Think It's 'Good' for Couples to Live Together Before Marriage Rapper Paul Wall Releases Christian-Themed Song Days After Felony Drug Arrest Istanbul Nightclub Attack: Gunman Kills 39 on New Year's Eve New Christian Zionism Book Makes Case for Israel Apart From 'Crazy End-Times Scenarios' Denzel Washington Says He Was Covered in Prayer While Filming 'Fences' ISIS Kills 25 in Baghdad Bombing as Fighting Intensifies in Mosul Hundreds of Churches Vow to Protect Immigrants Facing Deportation as Trump Presidency Looms Billy Graham Answers: Are We Living in the End Times Obama's Sanctions Against Russia Justified and 'Overdue,' Paul Ryan Says Will Liberal Church Attendance Spike Because of Trump? Franklin Graham, Paula White, Samuel Rodriguez to Participate in Trump Inauguration Churches for Middle East Peace Praises Obama on UN Israeli Settlements Vote 30-Y-O Woman Beheaded in Afghanistan for Going Out in Public Without Husband Billy Graham Named Among Gallup's 10 'Most Admired' Men in the World for Record 60th Time 4 Things to Know About the UN's Resolution Against Israel Catholic Diocese Files Lawsuit Against Obama's Transgender Health Care Mandate About Us Contact Us Media Kit Archives Corrections Disclaimer Careers Terms Privacy policy © 2017 The Christian Post , INC. All Rights Reserved. The Christian Post is part of CMC
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year September 17, 2016 AAPL: 114.92 -0.65 This week’s top stories: Hands-on w/ iPhone 7 & Apple Watch 2, what’s new in iOS 10 & watchOS 3, & much more Jordan Kahn - Sep. 17th 2016 9:08 am PT @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: Hands-on time with the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 as the devices arrive for pre-order customers and reviewers this week. And we give you our walkthroughs of new features in iOS 10, watchOS 3 and much more. iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 had official retail launches this week as the first shipments started arriving for pre-order customers on Friday Sept. 16. That brought some of the first hands-on tests with the new phones, as well as the usual teardowns revealing a few details Apple didn’t itself disclose. We move onto first impressions with the new Apple Watch 2, and Jeff gives you a first look at Apple’s new Beats Solo3 Wireless headphones that take advantage of its new W1 chip for pairing. Head below for these and our other most shared stories from this week: iPhone 7 | iPhone 7 teardown reveals exactly what replaced the headphone jack, Intel inside iPhone 7/Plus pre-orders all-time record, says T-Mobile, shattering iPhone 6 Black & Jet Black iPhone 7 models get first unboxing in the wild [Gallery] iPhone 7’s Home button is rendered useless w/o skin contact, spelling trouble for winter Some iPhone 7 pre-order customers report improved estimated shipping/delivery times iPhone 7 waterproof tests: submerged in water, hot coffee and more … comes out unscathed Apple says Jet Black iPhone 7 and all 7 Plus models sold out; breaking news to those in line iPhone 7 bests iPhone 6s in durability drop test, survives ten foot face-down drop Apple CEO Tim Cook touts professional NFL sideline photos taken with iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus begin arriving to preorder customers around the world [Gallery] Unboxing video shows Jet Black and matte black iPhone 7 models side-by-side Apple faces class action lawsuit over iPhone Upgrade Program disaster with iPhone 7 launch iPhone 7 review roundup: the verdicts are in, and they are mixed Apple adds more iPhone 7 stock for iPhone Upgrade Program, but has limited or no stock for walk-ins Apple Watch 2 | Apple Watch Series 2 teardown reveals secret to waterproofing, beefier battery, 2nd mic watchOS 3 software update for Apple Watch is now publicly available Everything new in watchOS 3: a major speed boost, new faces and apps, much more Best Buy pushes Apple Watch Series 2 release date to September 28 for most Apple Watch Series 2 review roundup: ‘It’s all about fitness’ [Videos] iOS 10 | Apple releases iOS 10 for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch to the public iOS 10 How-To: Hate pressing the home button to unlock? Change this setting on Touch ID iPhones and iPads iOS 10 update bricking iPhones and iPads for some users, requires iTunes to restore [Update: fixed?] iOS 10: New features that change how I use my iPhone and iPad Everything new in iOS 10: New ways to communicate in Messages, Lock Screen Widgets, redesigned Music, more Running list of iMessage apps and extensions available ahead of iOS 10 T-Mobile says don’t update, iOS 10 causing ‘connectivity issues’ for iPhone customers, fix coming soon More | FBI director James Comey recommends that everyone put a cover on their computer’s webcam The 9to5Mac team’s favorite wireless headphones for the iPhone 7 Comment: The W1 chip is a big deal, but I fear it will also be a missed opportunity The best Lightning & wireless Bluetooth headphone adapter & dock accessories for iPhone 7 Comment: This is why Apple was right to hold back on wireless charging for the iPhone This week’s top videos | iOS 10: How to use stickers, iMessages apps, Digital Touch, & more in the new Messages [Video] Tests show matte black iPhone 7 resists key scratches, raise questions over camera lens [Video] Hands-on: Beats Solo3 Wireless — the first available headphones featuring Apple’s new W1 chip [Video] Happy Hour Podcast  085| This week Zac and Benjamin discuss iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2, iOS 10 and much more. Subscribe to get all 9to5Mac’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! An Apple a Day: There’s More to It Than iPhone 7 – Fortune Posted on September 17, 2016 by Fortune The biggest Apple headlines of the week. An Apple a Day is a weekly roundup of the biggest Apple news this week. To see last week’s roundup, click here. The time has come again for our weekly roundup of Apple news. And no, it won’t focus entirely on … Apple just killed one of the best battery saving hacks for your iPhoneTechCrunch The iPhone’s hardware may be closed, but iOS is more open than everEngadget iOS 10.0.2: iPhone Operating System Glitches Spark Speculation Of Updated iOS 10The Inquisitr Computerworld -Thurrott.com (blog) -Gizmodo -SDTimes.com all 39 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 06, 8:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & Culture Cocktails Inspired By Emmy Nominated Dramas: 'Mr. Robot,' 'Game of Thrones,' 'House of Cards' By Ashley Parker On 09/17/16 AT 12:09 PM Close As the stars get ready to rock the red carpet for the Emmys this Sunday, those of us who lost our invites in the mail are planning our viewing parties, and obviously no event is complete without themed drinks. Our friends at Drizly.com took a look at this year’s nominated dramas and paired cocktails with some of our favorite shows. Check out these delicious drama cocktail recipes to try out on Emmys Night below.  Inspired By Netflix's series "House Of Cards" Photo: Netflix Peach & Blackberry Infused Bourbon: Inspired By "House Of Cards" Frank Underwood’s drink of choice is bourbon, neat (Blanton’s, to be exact). We’re big fans of homemade infusions, so we got a little creative and added peach and blackberry to pay homage to Frank’s Southern roots. Ingredients: 2 Peaches, Peeled and Sliced 1/2 Pint of Blackberries Cut Lengthwise Bourbon Directions: Place sliced peaches and blackberries into the bottom of a 1.5 pint mason jar. Fill the rest of the jar with a bourbon of your choice and seal with lid.  Give the mixture a good shake to distribute ingredients, and let sit in a cool dark place for up to 3 days, shaking occasionally.  After 3 days, strain ingredients out through a fine mesh strainer, and place your infused bourbon into a sealed jar.  Infusion will keep for several weeks refrigerated.   Inspired by USA's drama "Mr. Robot." Photo: USA Apple Martini: Inspired By "Mr. Robot" In one of our favorite scenes from "Mr. Robot’s" first season, Elliott and Mr. Robot order appletinis in a classic NYC dive bar. Not exactly a dive bar staple huh?  To quote Mr. Robot himself speaking with the bartender, “You should take it as a compliment, guy. These things are goddamn delicious.”  Ingredients: 1 oz Vodka 1 oz Apple Schnapps 1 oz Apple Juice Slice of Green Apple Directions: Add all ingredients to a shaker filled with ice, shake until cold Serve up in a martini glass and garnish with a slice of green apple Inspired by the PBS series "Downton Abbey." Photo: PBS Classic Champagne Cocktail: Inspired By "Downton Abbey" "Downton Abbey" is up for 10 Emmys this year after wrapping up its sixth and final season. After years of drama in the aristocracy, what better way to toast to "Downton Abbey’s" final season than with a classic champagne cocktail? Ingredients: 6 oz Brut Champagne or Dry Sparkling Wine 4 Dashes Bitters 1 Sugar Cube Lemon Peel Garnish Directions: Coat a sugar cube with the bitters and drop into the bottom of a Champagne glass.  Fill the glass with chilled brut Champagne or dry sparkling wine.  Twist the lemon over the top of the glass and drop the peel into the drink. Inspired By the widely popular HBO show "Game of Thrones." Photo: HBO  Blood Orange Bourbon Hot Toddy: Inspired By "Game of Thrones" "Game of Thrones" is known for its gory scenes (remember the Red Wedding, anyone?), so it only seems fitting to use blood orange in this cocktail to celebrate one of the goriest TV shows on air. Winter is coming, so warm yourself up with this cure to those weather woes. Ingredients: 1 1/5 oz Blood Orange Infused Bourbon* 3-4 oz Hot Tea 1 tsp Honey Cinnamon Stick  Lemon Directions: Combine bourbon, hot tea, and honey in a toddy glass or mug.  Stir with a cinnamon stick until honey dissolves.  Garnish with a fresh lemon wheel.  *Blood orange infused bourbon: Clean and slice 2 fresh blood oranges into wheels. Place orange wheels at the bottom of a glass jar and cover with 750ml bottle of bourbon. Allow to sit for 3 days in a cool, dark pantry or cupboard. Gently turn the jar a few times each day. On the third day strain the mixture through cheesecloth and return to the bottle. Store in the fridge until ready to use. Will last about one month. Inspired by the AMC spinoff series "Better Call Saul." Photo: AMC Related Stories When To Watch The 2016 Emmys The Rusty Nail: Inspired By "Better Call Saul" Rest assured, drinking this cocktail is not as dangerous as its name would suggest – although we certainly can’t say the same about Saul Goodman’s business practices. Saul’s signature cocktail dates back to the 1930's and was insanely popular back in the day. Ingredients: 1 oz Drambuie 1 oz Scotch Whiskey Directions: Pour both ingredients into a rocks glass with a large ice cube. Stir gently and enjoy. Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Donald Trump Attacks Toyota On Twitter The president-elect has previously targeted other automakers, including General Motors in a recent tweet, and Ford Motor on the campaign trail. Technology NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car The two companies announced the partnership at CES this week. World War Over Water? In Central Asia, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and China Battle Over Dry Land Seasonal snow melt generally feeds into area rivers, providing water to communities in Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and the Xinjiang region in China. National Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians Reports indicate he served in both the Alaska and Puerto Rico National Guard. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact X to the Z Sony Xperia XZ review - - - The iPhone 7's home button appears to be rendered helpless by gloves Post your comment Comments (107) Victor, 17 September 2016 Apple iOS Rumors With the iPhone 7 duo now officially out and already shipping to users, the hype is at an all-time high. Most are busy either waiting for a unit, praising the Cupertino genius or alternatively, mocking the lack of a 3.5mm audio jack and the AirPods, or if not that, coming up with outlandish ways to torture units on camera for those all-important YouTube views. You know, just the usual Apple launch activities. However, all these antics seem to have overshadowed a potentially showstopping design flaw, that was recently discovered by one Myke Hurley, seemingly almost by chance. It concerns Apple's new touch sensitive, solid-state home button. It has already proven to be a polarizing subject, but to add even more fuel to the flames, it appears to require direct contact with the skin to function. With the winter season quickly creeping in, this might just turn very rapidly from a mild inconvenience to a major obstacle for even using the phone with gloves on. I think I worked it out, the TouchID sensor is what's making the connection. No sensor connection, no click. Myke Hurley (@imyke) September 16, 2016 It appears the issue lies with Apple's TouchID fingerprint recognition technology. In the iPhone 7 pair it has also taken up the task of registering touches for the user, a task, which just like most capacitive touchscreens struggles when using gloves. Frankly, this is not a new issue and simply lies in the essence of the tech itself. We could have probably even foreseen it, were it not for the aforementioned abundance of other iPhone 7 distractions. To make matters worse, iOS 10 seems to be a lot keener on using the home button than previous versions. You can no longer swipe over to the passcode entry from the lockscreen. The home button "press" is necessary. And even if you could unlock the phone, using it would still be a struggle without said control. Now, it is important to note that this matter requires some further investigation in order to judge its severity. Some users are reporting that using touchscreen-friendly gloves fixes the issue, but other have had no luck with that approach either. It might simply be a matter of ramping up sensitivity, a common software remedy employed by many smartphone manufacturers. Still, it is interesting to see when and how Apple reacts to the matter. We'll be sure to keep you updated on any future developments. Source | Via Related articles 76% of Apple's mobile devices are now running iOS 10 Samsung to be exclusive supplier of AMOLED panels for one of three new iPhones coming in 2017 Today only, Apple's latest MacBook Pro is $150 off Apple launches new 'Ring in the New Year' activity challenge for Watch users Reader comments harlekkin ij{m 19 Sep 2016 Regular glasses? That probably depends on how strong they are, the angle you're looking at the phone and the location / glare... all in all - you're better off removing any types of glasses lol Reply aussiehk PUa3 19 Sep 2016 That's all a matter of perspective... I'm loving the phone and don't face any issues. The 3.5mm jack is an inconvenience but not a deal breaker. Each to their own. Reply leaf prXq 19 Sep 2016 The phone probably wont even work in temperatures in which gloves are relevant. So not a big deal. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 107 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo YU verykool Maxwest NIU Yezz Parla Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 122,359 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 91,458 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 90,389 4. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 71,817 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 64,217 6. vivo V5 64,196 7. Oppo F1s 58,861 8. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 57,986 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 57,557 10. Lenovo K6 Note 48,053 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,799 2. OnePlus 3 1,563 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,512 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,477 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,359 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,356 7. HTC 10 1,315 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,132 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,130 10. LG G5 1,112 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Skip to main content Hard National Security Choices Support Friday, January 6, 2017 Menu Topics AUMF Covert Action Cybersecurity Detention & Guantanamo Drones Homeland Security Interrogation Laws of War Military Commissions Secrecy Surveillance War Powers View All Home Reviews Book Reviews Brief Reviews Readings Foreign Policy Essay Aegis Omphalos Privacy Paradox DayZero Special Features The Lawfare Podcast Rational Security The Steptoe Cyberlaw Podcast Jihadology Podcast Security By the Book Lawfare Research Paper Series Intelligence Studies Essay Military Commission Coverage Declassified CIA Documents—Studies in Intelligence Snowden Revelations Who is on Board with “Unwilling or Unable”? More Masthead About Lawfare Comments Policy Subscribe to Lawfare The Job Board Calendar Cybersecurity Securing Phones and Securing Us (Revisited) By Susan Landau Thursday, September 15, 2016, 9:05 AM Google+ Reddit LinkedIn DayZero: Cybersecurity Law and Policy Readers will recall last spring's battle over the San Bernardino iPhone. The FBI had Syed Farook's work phone, but it was locked, with security protections including a ten-tries-and-you're-out on PIN attempts. The FBI wanted Apple to write a phone update that would override that protection (among other things that would make it easier to search other iPhones). During the height of the battle over accessing the iPhone's data, the FBI claimed that an Apple rewrite was the only way to access the phone's data. The controversy was resolved when the FBI found a different solution (actually it was only partially resolved; the vulnerabilities equities process remains problematic). That hack into the phone ended the legal battle, but not the overriding fight over securing phones. There, the battle is really over securing all of us versus making investigations easier. Now there is a new aspect here, one that even more strongly makes the case that the FBI needs to do the unlocking—and not go to the courts for help. Last spring, a technique called "mirroring" the phone's flash chip was suggested as a possible solution. This involves desoldering the chip from the phone, copying it, and retrying the PIN until the correct one is found.  But the FBI said this approach wouldn't work.  As it turns out, the FBI was wrong. The technique does work and a University of Cambridge researcher, Sergei Skorobogatov, has just shown how to do so. The effort took him a number of months and some practice along the way. But his results show that with adequate preparation, an iPhone's 4-digit passcode can be found in forty hours (six-digit passcodes would take one hundred times longer under this technique). This work involved one researcher in a lab buying used iPhone 5cs from eBay (Skorobogatov bought the phones from eBay because they are no longer manufactured). Skorobogatov was able to do what the FBI said was impossible. The moral of the story? The solution is not, as the FBI has been saying, a bill to make it easier to access encrypted communications, as in the proposed revised Burr-Feinstein bill. Such "solutions" would make us less secure, not more so. Instead we need to increase law enforcement's capabilities to handle encrypted communications and devices. This will also take more funding as well as redirection of efforts. Increased security of our devices and simultaneous increased capabilities of law enforcement are the only sensible approach to a world where securing the bits, whether of health data, financial information, or private emails, has become of paramount importance. Topics:  Cybersecurity, Going Dark Tags:  Apple Susan Landau is a faculty member in the Worcester Polytechnic Institute Department of Social Science and Policy Studies, where she works on cybersecurity, privacy, and public policy. She has been a senior staff Privacy Analyst at Google, a Distinguished Engineer at Sun Microsystems, a faculty member at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst and Wesleyan University and has held visiting positions at Harvard, Cornell, and Yale, and the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute. She is the author of Surveillance or Security? The Risks Posed by New Wiretapping Technologies (MIT Press, 2011), and co-author, with Whitfield Diffie, of Privacy on the Line: The Politics of Wiretapping and Encryption (MIT Press, 1998, rev. ed. 2007). More Articles Published by the Lawfare Institute in Cooperation With Related Articles ODNI Releases Report on "Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections" Quinta Jurecic Fri, Jan 6, 2017, 3:52 PM What Yesterday’s Senate Armed Services Committee Portends Benjamin Wittes Fri, Jan 6, 2017, 1:57 PM Senate Armed Services Committee Hearing on "Foreign Cyber Threats to the United States" Quinta Jurecic Thu, Jan 5, 2017, 9:32 AM Follow Buddies and Block Buddies: A Simple Proposal to Improve Civility, Control, and Privacy on Twitter Danielle Citron, Benjamin Wittes Wed, Jan 4, 2017, 5:10 PM What Would Be a Sufficiently Strong Response to Russian Hacking of the U.S. Election? Herb Lin Sat, Dec 31, 2016, 1:02 PM Support Lawfare Explore View all Topics Asia Pacific Book Reviews Brief Reviews Civil Liberties and Constitutional Rights Covert Action Targeted Killing Bits and Bytes Cybersecurity Drones International Governance Detention & Guantanamo Interrogation Foreign Policy Essay Homeland Security International Law ISIS Terrorism Trials & Investigations FISA Surveillance AUMF Al Qaeda War Powers Military Commissions The Meaning of Lawfare Iran Middle East Ticker Middle East and North Africa Media Criticism Podcasts Rational Security Steptoe Cyberlaw Podcast Russia and Eastern Europe Secrecy & Leaks Appointments, Confirmations & Budgets Politics & National Security Readings Hard National Security Choices About Lawfare Masthead Comments Policy Job Board Upcoming Events Subscribe Support Lawfare Published by the Lawfare Institute in Cooperation With © 2017 The Lawfare Institute
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming C3 Events About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Apple Aficionados Line Up Across the Country for New iPhone 7 Stephen Lam/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Across the country Friday morning, people who have been lining up to get their hands on Apple’s latest generation of iPhone have a chance to get their wish. The phones, which were announced last week, go on sale Friday morning for the first time and come in two versions: the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Reviews have been mixed for the device that was announced on Sept. 7 and is the youngest in a nine-year lineage of popular smartphones released by Apple. The New York Times noted the phone’s impressive water resistance, while noting its speed and saying that both models’ cameras “produce superb, vivid photos.” Time magazine said that, “It doesn’t ‘wow’ like so many Apple products have,” while Wired said that it “won’t blow your mind with its design or features,” but that it’s “still a fantastic phone.” Perhaps most controversially, this generation of iPhones is the first to not have a headphone jack. Instead, the company is pushing wireless headphones as its preferred method of listening to audio of the smartphones. Wired headphones are available, which connect to the phone’s proprietary Lightning port. The company said on Thursday that it had already sold out of all iPhone 7 Plus models through pre-orders, as well as iPhone 7 models in the new “jet black” finish. Despite that, by Thursday night, lines had formed at Apple’s retail locations across the country hours and — in some cases — days ahead of the phone’s release. At Apple’s Fifth Avenue flagship in New York City, dozens of people sat in fold-out chairs outside the store, with one man claiming to have been there since Aug. 25. Jaime González, a truck driver from the city who occupied the first spot in line, said he had been in line for three weeks — even before the phones were officially announced, when speculation was running rampant that Apple would release new phones. González said that he was hoping to purchase two phones, one of which he hoped to sell for anywhere between $1,500 and $2,000. (The model he planned to purchase retails for $849.) A few yards down from González, Ayman Khalifa, was a long way from home. The flight attendant from Cairo, Egypt, had been standing in line for just a few hours, but said he was disappointed that the “Plus” models were sold out. Similar lines had formed in other cities, including San Francisco, Miami, Houston, Salt Lake City, and Kansas City, Missouri. The new hardware comes two days after Apple released the newest version of its iOS operating system for iPhones. The new software had a reportedly flakey rollout (apparently resolved), and on Thursday T-Mobile was telling its customers who use the iPhone 5SE, 6 and 6 Plus models to hold off on updating to the new operating system after a software glitch was creating connectivity problems. The carrier said that a fix would be available from Apple within 48 hours. A spokesperson for Verizon said that the issue did not affect their customers. An email to AT&T asking if its customers were affected was not returned. ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Copyright © 2016, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts The Golden Globe Awards Air This Sunday; “La La Land,” “Moonlight” Lead Nominees Posted January 6, 2017 | Entertainment|No Comments | | 2016 – Lionsgate (LOS ANGELES) — The 74th Annual Golden Globe Awards will take place this Sunday at the Beverly Hilton hotel in Beverly Hills. NBC will air the ceremony, hosted for the first time by The Tonight Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Lauren Green Kit Mann Abby Taylor Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
null
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,333 Reviews & Articles | 53,626 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones 5 reasons why the iPhone 8 could be a courageous release Apple's next-gen iPhone will be released in 2017, with plenty of possibilities thanks to new features and tech By: Anthony Garreffa | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: Sep 17, 2016 3:17 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple didn't really push the boundaries with its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones that were revealed earlier this month, so it's time to get excited about the new iPhone that will probably be mostly the same thing as we have now - but what if it's not?   When Apple announces the new iPhone in 2017, it will have been 10 years since the original iPhone that started it all - completely changing the smartphone industry and much of the tech industry. The new iPhone has plenty of rumors behind it already, so let's line them up and see what could work, and is exciting.     5.) iPhone 8 will have an edge-to-edge display   Apple has always been a company obsessed with design, so the new iPhone featuring an edge-to-edge display makes sense. It provides the iPhone with a larger screen, without having to make the phone much bigger. MacRumors also says that there could be changes to Touch ID, with Apple putting its fingerprint scanner and front-facing camera built into the display. Could the new iPhone not feature a home button?   4.) A11 processor on the 10nm process   Another exciting thing to see would be a successor or two between the current A10 Fusion chip, and the upcoming new iPhone that should feature an A11 processor on the exciting, and very small 10nm process. MacRumors adds that this would allow the new iPhone to "also include features like long-range wireless charging and biometric additions like iris or facial scanning".   3.) Wireless/fast-charging   This is something I expect nothing less from Apple: wireless charging on the new iPhone. Make it fast, make it easy, and push it hard. I don't know why wireless charging hasn't been done on the iPhone and iPad before, but it's about damn time, Apple.     2.) Ceramics?   Cult of Mac's Killian Bell says of the ceramic Apple Watch Edition: Being four times harder than steel ... ceramic would be an ideal material for the next generation of iPhone unibodies".   1.) Hit a homerun, Apple - oh, and iOS 11   Whatever the new iPhone becomes - it needs to be awesome. Samsung continues pushing boundaries with the Galaxy range of smartphones and its growing list of accessories. Apple needs something that makes all Android-based smartphone owners to stop and think... 'holy, crap - I don't want the new iPhone, I need the new iPhone".   P.S. iOS sucks. Please make it 10x better with iOS 11, kthx. NEWS SOURCES:Mashable.com Recommended for You ZenFone AR: The world's first smartphone with 8GB... Huawei's Honor 6x comes to the US and Europe Synaptics new tech enables multi-factor authentication... ZTE Blade V8 photos and specs leak prior to CES >> NEXT STORY: Project Scorpio renders games in native 4K << PREVIOUS STORY: GTA 5 Redux mod looks incredible, will melt your PC Related Tags Apple Samsung iPhone 8 iPhone 7S new iPhone 2017 iPhone Galaxy Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Sony follows Apple with its new wireless earphones Microsoft teases Project Scorpio reveal for E3 2017 Cherry unveils its new silent mechanical keyboard First 'Archer' season 8 promos reveal 1940's setting Intel's tiny credit card sized PC rocks a Kaby Lake CPUView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity EVGA vs ASUS for Z270 Avoid purchasing Asus Products! Need help to import archive OLM file into Outlook 2013 Time for a new video card for family and wife computer AMD makes its next step in GPU dominance with VegaView More Forum Posts Press Releases Intel unveils Compute Card, a credit card-sized compute platform Cherry announces the Cherry MX Board Silent keyboard Phison showcases new fleet of performance storage hardware at CES 2017 Analogix introduces ANX753x/7580 family of VR/AR Head-Mounted Display controllers Supermicro introduces latest SUPERO desktop and gaming solutions at CES 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE You Need to See This Weekend's Top Amazon Deals Share Smart Shopping Team filed under: shopping Image credit:  amazon / istock Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, our team combs the Web and shares some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. Here’s what caught our eye today, September 17. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers, including Amazon, and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS SoundPEATS In-Ear Noise Cancelling Headphones Stereo Earbuds Earphones for iPhone and Android Smartphones (With Mic and In-line Control, Flat Cable, Metal Housing)- M20 Purple for $9.99 (list price $21.99) Samsung 128GB EVO Select Micro SDXC Memory Card, 80MB/s (MB-ME128DA/AM) for $39.99 (list price $99.99) beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro 80 Limited Edition Headphones, Black for $129.99 (list price $199.99) AUKEY FM Transmitter, Radio Transmitter Car Kit with 1 USB Charging Port, Compatible with all Mobile Audio Devices for $15.99 (list price $24.99) SanDisk Extreme PRO SDSDXPA-064G-X46 SDXC Flash Memory Card with up to 95MB/s for $34.95 (list price $79.99) SpeakStick Classic Waterproof Bluetooth Shower Speaker With Lifetime Guarantee 2016 Design - White for $24.95 (list price $45.00) Micro USB Cable [Ultra Durable] Syncwire [2-Pack 3.3ft] Nylon Braided Android Charger Cables Series- for Samsung Galaxy, Kindle, Nexus, Sony, HTC, Nokia, Motorola and More for $7.99 (list price $22.99) Finware 5 Pack LED Keychain Flashlight, Ultra Bright Mini Key Chain Light Torch, Batteries Included for $8.99 (list price $14.99) Bestten Charging Center-Wall Mount Surge Protector with 4.2A Four (4) USB Charging Ports, 3 AC Outlets and 2 Slide Out Phone Holders, ETL Certified for $18.99 (list price $65.99) External Battery RAVPower 16750mAh Portable Charger Power Bank 4.5A Dual USB Output (iSmart Technology) Black for $32.99 (list price $64.99) Bluetooth Receiver / Car Kit, TaoTronics Portable Wireless Audio Adapter 3.5 mm Stereo Output (Bluetooth 4.0, A2DP, Built-in Microphone) for Home Audio Music Streaming Sound System for $15.49 (list price $35.99) Bluetooth Headphones DolTech Stereo Neckband Wireless Headset Sport Earbuds with Mic (10 Hours Play Time, Bluetooth 4.1, CVC 6.0 Noise Cancelling, Sweatproof) - 904 Black Gold for $21.99 (list price $49.99) JayBird BBX1MB BlueBuds X Sport Bluetooth Headphones - Black (Discontinued by Manufacturer) for $78.00 (list price $169.99) Anker Wireless Charger PowerPort Qi Wireless Charging Pad for Samsung S7 / S6 / Edge / Plus, Note 5, Nexus 4 / 5 / 6 / 7, Nokia Lumia 920, LG Optimus Vu2, HTC 8X / Droid DNA and All Qi-Enabled Devices for $14.39 (list price $59.99) Aibocn Power Bank 10,000mAh External Battery Charger with Flashlight for Apple Phone iPad Samsung Galaxy Smartphones Tablet for $10.49 (list price $59.99) Car Mount, Parikaras 360 Degree Adjustable Universal [Air Vent Magnetic] Holder for Phones [4 Built-in Magnets] Car Mount Phone Holder for iPhone and Other Smartphones (Black) for $9.99 (list price $19.99) Anker [6-Pack] PowerLine Micro USB - Durable Charging Cable [Assorted Lengths] for Samsung, Nexus, LG, Motorola, Android Smartphones and More (Black) for $12.59 (list price $39.99) DULLA M50000 Portable Power Bank 12000mAh External Battery Charger, Ultra Slim Design with 2 USB Ports for iPhone7 7Plus 6s 6 Plus, iPad, Samsung Galaxy and More(silver) for $19.99 (list price $100.00) KobraTech Cell Phone Tripod Stand - TriFlex Mini Tripod - The Best Flexible iPhone Tripod Mount for Any Smartphone (Black) for $19.95 (list price $34.99) Lightning Cable,Gtopin 3 Pack 3.3ft/1m 2.4A Fastest Charger Cable Cord Charging Cable for iPhone 7 6S 6 6S Plus SE 5S 5C 5,iPad Pro/iPad Air/mini 4/3/2,iPod,iPhone 6 Cable Cord 8 Pin to USB Data Cord for $9.99 (list price $29.99) Penom Apple Watch Band, 38mm Mesh Loop with Fully Strong Magnetic Stainless Steel Closure Clasp Milanese Strap for Apple iWatch Sport & Edition - Silver for $11.99 (list price $30.98) USB Charging Dock, Acessorz Universal Desktop Micro USB 2.1 Fast Charge & Sync Docking Station Cradle Stand Charger for Samsung, HTC, LG, SONY and Micro Android Smartphone Tablet for $11.99 (list price $19.99) Wireless Headphones, Otium Bluetooth Wireless Sports Earbuds Sweatproof Stereo Bass Earphones In-ear Headsets with Mic and Noise Cancelling for iPhone Samsung LG Blue for $29.99 (list price $159.99) [Apple MFI Certified] Jackery Bolt 6,000 mAh Ultra-Compact External Battery Charger, Portable Power Bank and Travel Charger with Built-in Lightning & Micro USB Cables (Black) for $25.99 (list price $69.99) [World's Very First] Jackery Jewel, 2-in-1 Apple MFI Certified Lightning Power Cable with Built-In Compact External Portable Charger, Cable & Battery Combo for Your iPhone (2016 iF Award Winner) for $16.99 (list price $39.99) Fossil Men's FS4552 Machine Black Stainless Steel Chronograph Watch for $84.42 (list price $155.00) PALADA Men's T7005G Outdoor Waterproof Sports Quartz Digital Wrist Watches with LED Backlight for $23.99 (list price $69.99) Bewell ZS - W086B Wood Men Watch Analog Quartz Movement Date Display(vera wood ) for $24.64 (list price $119.99) Casio Men's AE1200WH-1A World Time Multifunction Watch for $14.45 (list price $24.95) KITCHEN Oye Stainless Steel Garlic Press - Easy Clean Easy Use - Best Home Kitchen Utensils Cooking Tool for $12.95 (list price $25.95) Box Grater, 4-Sided Stainless Steel Large 10-inch Grater for Parmesan Cheese, Ginger, Vegetables for $11.99 (list price $19.99) Bamboo Cutting Boards (Set of 3) - Fruit, Veggies, Meat Chopping Board - Utopia Kitchen for $13.99 (list price $19.99) Victorinox Fibrox Straight Edge Chef's Knife, 8-Inch for $44.95 (list price $54.00) Calphalon Contemporary Hard-Anodized Aluminum Nonstick Cookware, Omelette Pan, 10-inch and 12-inch Set, Black for $49.95 (list price $165.00) Calphalon Contemporary Hard-Anodized Aluminum Nonstick Cookware, Dutch Oven, 8 1/2-quart, Black for $74.99 (list price $180.00) 8pc Classic Break-resistant Restaurant-quality SAN Plastic Tumblers, four 14-ounce rocks and four 18-ounce water for $19.99 (list price $24.99) ChefLand 13 Piece Stainless Steel Bar Set/Professional Bar Tools Including Shaker/Jigger/Corkscrew/Speed Opener/Strainer for $15.83 (list price $17.95) Metric USA Absorbent Reversible Drink Coasters, 4 inches Set of 6 Black or Brown Bar Coasters Ideal for Hot and Cold drinks for $19.95 (list price $24.95) Enameled Cast Iron Covered Casserole-Caribbean (3 Quarts), Red - Utopia Kitchen for $39.99 (list price $99.99) Komax Ice Cube Tray with No-spill Cover (Set of 4) for $18.99 (list price $29.99) Nordic Ware Bundt Translucent Dome Cake Keeper - Colors May Vary for $11.13 (list price $15.95) Lodge CRS15 Pre-Seasoned Carbon Steel Skillet, 15-inch for $55.00 (list price $90.00) Rachael Ray Cucina Stoneware 4-1/2-Inch Terra Cotta Garlic Roaster for $8.59 (list price $26.00) Rtic Stainless Steel Bottle (64oz) for $33.10 (list price $36.41) Secura SCG-903B Automatic Electric Burr Coffee Grinder Mill, Black for $34.99 (list price $64.99) Wildkin Whale Blue Lunch Box for $12.99 (list price $17.99) Tovolo Tumble Trivets, Red - Set of 8 for $9.42 (list price $11.95) Premium Class Stainless Steel Kitchen 6 Piece Knives Set (5 Knives plus an Acrylic Stand) - by Utopia Kitchen for $24.99 (list price $69.99) Tovolo Better Batter Tool - Charcoal for $8.98 (list price $11.99) OXO Good Grips 15-Piece Everyday Kitchen Tool Set for $74.99 (list price $99.99) OXO Good Grips V-Blade Mandoline Slicer for $29.99 (list price $39.99) OXO Good Grips 10-Piece POP Container Set, White for $74.99 (list price $99.99) OXO Good Grips GreenSaver Produce Keeper - Medium for $14.99 (list price $19.99) Spiralizer Tri-Blade Vegetable Slicer, Strongest-and-Heaviest Duty, Best Veggie Pasta & Spaghetti Maker for $29.99 (list price $49.99) Presto 04820 PopLite Hot Air Popper for $17.01 (list price $29.99) Chef Craft 10210 1-Piece Stainless Steel Solid Turner, 12-1/2-Inch for $5.63 (list price $6.99) Excelsteel 18/10 Stainless 4 Non Stick Egg Poacher for $23.95 (list price $29.99) Chef Buddy Microwave Egg Cooker for $5.99 (list price $19.99) Cook N Home NC-00335 Stainless Steel Canning Pot/Stockpot for $40.62 (list price $49.99) Cooks Standard NC-00232 12-Piece Multi-Ply Clad Stainless-Steel Cookware Set for $164.99 (list price $799.99) All-Clad BD55201.5 D5 Brushed 18/10 Stainless Steel 5-Ply Bonded Dishwasher Safe Sauce Pan Cookware, 1.5-Quart, Silver for $86.24 (list price $130.79) Cook N Home NC-00335 Stainless Steel Canning Pot/Stockpot for $40.62 (list price $49.99) Zojirushi SM-KHE48AG Stainless Steel Mug, 16-Ounce, Smoky Blue for $26.96 (list price $45.00) Bentgo Ice Lunch Chillers - Ultra-thin Ice Packs (4 Pack - Blue) for $7.99 (list price $14.99) HOME 2-Pack Premium Allergy Pillow Protectors. Hypoallergenic Dust Mite & Bed Bug Proof Anti-Microbial 400 Thread Count 100% Cotton Zippered Pillow Covers. By Home Fashion Designs. (King) for $8.99 (list price $11.24) Mirrorvana Non- Magnifying Vanity Makeup Mirror, Perfect Modern & Elegant Frameless Design for Bedroom or Bathroom, Large 9.8" x 7" Rectangular Glass Surface for $24.95 (list price $59.99) Full Circle Tidy Organic Dish Cloths, Set of 3, Multi for $3.94 (list price $5.63) Mildew Resistant Fabric Shower Curtain Waterproof/Water-Repellent & Antibacterial, 72x72 - White for $9.99 (list price $29.99) Seneo Mini Air Dehumidifier Compact Moisture Absorber for Home Closet Basements Kitchen Office for $25.99 (list price $49.99) Sleep Jockey Premium Therapeutic Grade Body Pillow - Huggable Pregnancy Sleep Aid, Stress Reliever, Sleep Apnea Treatment, Snoring Reducer, Insomnia, Back Pain Relief for $39.99 (list price $139.99) Dirt Devil Vibe 3-in-1 Corded Bagless Stick Vacuum, SD20020 for $26.54 (list price $34.99) ThermoPro TP50 Hygrometer Indoor Humidity Monitor Weather Station with Humidity Meter Temperature Gauge for $8.49 (list price $29.99) Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier - Premium Humidifying Unit with Whisper-quiet Operation, Automatic Shut-off, and Night Light Function for $39.99 (list price $49.99) WINK KANGAROO 5 Pairs Practical Plastic Adjustable Length Men Tree Shoe Stretcher Boot Holder (Dark green) for $14.99 (list price $99.99) Home-Complete Space Saver Bags Storage Bundle (15 Items) for $20.99 (list price $69.99) Sterilite 19889804 70 Quart Ultra Latch Box See through with White lid and Black latches,4 pack for $35.99 (list price $90.00) Mattress America Revive Gel Memory Foam Mattress, 12" H, Queen for $342.99 (list price $1,299.99) InsideSmarts Delicates Laundry Wash Bags, Set of 4 (2 Medium & 2 Large) for $12.97 (list price $21.95) Whitmor 6205-2466-JAVA Easycare Double Hamper, Java for $14.66 (list price $36.99) Professional Microfiber Dust Mop with Telescoping Extendable Handle. Great For Many Surfaces Including Hardwood, Laminate and Tile Flooring. for $23.99 (list price $45.99) Whynter 11,000 BTU Dual Hose Portable Air Conditioner (ARC-110WD) for $299.99 (list price $520.00) Safavieh Monaco Collection MNC225D Modern Abstract Watercolor Pink and Multi Area Rug (8' x 11') for $218.25 (list price $242.00) Honeywell HZ-789 EnergySmart Electric Oil Filled Radiator Whole Room Heater for $69.99 (list price $129.99) Scented Candles - Fresh from the Oven - Set of 3: Apple Pie, Cinnamon Roll, and Banana Bread - 3 x 4-Ounce Soy Candles for $29.83 (list price $40.00) Simpli Home Acadian Entryway Storage Cabinet, Tobacco Brown for $294.69 (list price $639.99) Pinzon 400-Thread-Count Hemstitch Egyptian Cotton Sheet Set - King, White for $21.86 (list price $52.99) Liberty 128738 Four hook 18-inch Wide Wooden Hook Rail/Coat Rack for $14.46 (list price $31.99) InterDesign 3 Drawer Storage Organizer for Cosmetics, Makeup, Beauty Products and Office Supplies, Clear for $15.64 (list price $19.99) ClosetMaid 8937 Cubeicals 9-Cube Organizer, Espresso for $38.96 (list price $70.00) VonHaus 600W 2-in-1 Corded Upright Stick & Handheld Vacuum Cleaner with HEPA Filtration - Includes Crevice Tool & Brush Accessories for $39.99 (list price $79.99) Sauder Wall Cabinet, Cinnamon Cherry Finish for $47.98 (list price $59.99) SONGMICS Customizable Closet Organizer System Shoe Storage Rack Cabinet Grey 10-Tier ULSA73G for $34.99 (list price $39.99) Jute Storage Bin, Eco-Friendly for Toy Storage - Storage Basket for organizing Baby Toys, Kids Toys, Baby Clothing, Children Books, Gift Baskets. for $29.95 (list price $39.95) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Zyllion ZMA-13-BK FDA Listed Shiatsu Pillow Massager with Heat (Black)- One Year Warranty for $39.95 (list price $79.95) Aveeno Positively Nourishing Antioxidant Body Wash - White Peach + Ginger - 16 oz - 2 pk for $10.27 (list price $13.85) ALASKA BEAR® - Natural silk sleep mask & blindfold, super-smooth eye mask for $7.99 (list price $22.00) High Potency Biotin Supplement + "Nutrition For Skin" Guide - Contains 90 Biotin 10000 mcg capsules - Prevents Hair Loss, Helps in Faster Hair Growth and in maintaining Healthy Skin and Nails for $35.00 (list price $45.00) Flonase Allergy Relief Nasal Spray, 120 Count for $18.33 (list price $27.13) Aquaphor Advanced Therapy Healing Ointment Skin Protectant 14 Ounce Jar for $11.69 (list price $16.89) Vitafusion Prenatal, Gummy Vitamins, 90 Count for $9.89 (list price $12.00) Schick Intuition Renewing Moisture Razor Blade Refills for Women with Pomegranate Extract - 6 Count for $16.19 (list price $27.99) Secret Clinical Strength, Smooth Solid Women's Antiperspirant & Deodorant Waterproof All Day Fresh Scent 2.6 Ounce for $10.42 (list price $14.99) Neutrogena Rapid Wrinkle Repair Night Moisturizer, 1 Fl. Oz for $15.79 (list price $19.99) Neutrogena Ultra Sheer Dry-Touch Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 45, 3 Fl. Oz, Pack of 2 for $12.48 (list price $16.64) Dove Men+Care Deodorant Stick, Clean Comfort 3.0 oz, Pack of 2 for $7.76 (list price $9.89) Head & Shoulders Classic Clean 2 in 1 Dandruff Shampoo & Conditioner 23.7 Fluid ounce (Pack of 2) (packaging may vary) for $15.11 (list price $16.98) Aveeno Eczema Therapy Moisturizing Cream, 7.3 oz for $10.59 (list price $11.69) Physicians Formula Organic Wear 100% Natural Origin Mascara, Black Organics, 0.26 Ounce for $8.49 (list price $9.95) SkinActive Miracle Anti-Fatigue Sleeping Cream for $13.59 (list price $16.99) Skintimate Skin Therapy Moisturizing Shave Gel for Women Baby Soft with Baby Oil and Olive Butter - 7 Ounce (Pack of 6) for $16.80 (list price $26.99) Olay Professional Pro-X Age Repair Lotion With Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 30 2.5 Fl Oz for $19.49 (list price $29.99) Aveeno Therapeutic Shave Gel, 7 Oz for $3.83 (list price $9.99) Slant Tweezers - TweezerGuru Professional Stainless Steel Slant Tip Tweezer - The Best Precision Eyebrow Tweezers For Your Daily Beauty Routine! for $12.99 (list price $14.99) Braun Series 7 70S Replacement Parts, Foil Head Shaver for $33.39 (list price $43.99) Antifungal Soap with Tea Tree Oil, Helps Treat & Wash Away Athletes Foot, Ringworm, Nail Fungus, Jock Itch, Body Odor & Acne. Antibacterial Defense Against Common Fungal and Bacteria Related Skin Irritations 9oz. for $24.95 (list price $33.90) Radha Lavender Essential Oil - Big 4 Oz - 100% Pure & Natural Therapeutic Grade - PREMIUM QUALITY Oil From Bulgaria for $12.95 (list price $49.95) Advil Pain Reliever/Fever Reducer, 200mg Ibuprofen (300-Count Coated Tablets ) for $14.43 (list price $23.51) CloSYS Original Unflavored Mouthwash, Alcohol Free, 32 ounce for $10.33 (list price $12.99) Thera Tears, Lubricant Eye Drops, 1-Ounce for $9.94 (list price $18.33) Babyganics Alcohol-Free Foaming Hand Sanitizer, Fragrance Free, 8.45oz Pump Bottle (Pack of 3) for $13.29 (list price $20.97) OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS ZUOLUNDUO Vintage Canvas Laptop Messenger Bag School Bag Business Briefcase 8168DJ1, Black for $33.99 (list price $100.00) Shuttle Art - 120 Unique Colors (No Duplicates) Gel Pen Set for $21.20 (list price $59.00) Tombow Mono Permanent Adhesive Refills, 3 Pack (62207) for $7.00 (list price $39.00) Tombow Dual Brush Pen Art Markers, Bright, 10-Pack for $19.50 (list price $26.99) Top Quality Gel Pens (Pack of 60) for $13.99 (list price $39.99) SUDEE STILE 120 Unique Colors Pack Art Drawing Colored Pencils Set with Case for $21.99 (list price $87.96) Rubbermaid Commercial Vented BRUTE Trash Can, 32 Gallon, Gray, FG263200GRAY for $27.22 (list price $30.25) Mead Composition Notebook, College Ruled, 100 Sheets, 5 Pack (72930) for $9.99 (list price $20.30) Pratt KAJ-2 Self-Seal Kraft Bubble Mailer, 8.5" x 11" (Pack of 100) for $21.02 Pratt Perforated Dish Foam Roll 12" Wide x 70' Long x 1/16" Thick Perforated Every 12" for $9.90 (list price $11.00) Pilot G2 Retractable Premium Gel Ink Roller Ball Pens, Fine Point, Black, 12-Pack (31020) for $10.00 (list price $24.99) Pentel Super Hi-Polymer Lead Refill, 0.5mm Fine, 2B, 144 Pieces of Lead (C505-2B) for $9.51 (list price $14.28) Rubbermaid Commercial Vented Slim Jim Trash Can Waste Receptacle, 23 Gallon, Black, Plastic, FG354060BLA for $37.58 (list price $46.98) Michley Lil' Sew & Sew LSS-202 Combo Mini Sewing Machine, Electrical Scissors and 42-Piece Sewing Kit for $20.00 (list price $33.35) Saunders UHU Tac Removable Adhesive Putty Tabs, 2.1 oz. (99683) for $1.99 (list price $3.40) Hero 36 Piece Artist Grade Watercolor Pencil Set in Tin Case, with Brush for $10.99 (list price $39.99) Paper Mate SharpWriter Mechanical Pencils, 0.7mm, HB #2, 36-Count for $8.21 (list price $18.14) Sharpie Color Burst Permanent Markers, Ultra-Fine Point, Assorted, 24-Pack (1949558) for $15.02 (list price $35.38) DYMO LabelManager 160 Handheld Label Maker (1790415) for $9.99 (list price $14.51) Epson LabelWorks LW-400 Label Maker for $22.99 (list price $49.99) Sanford Sharpie Fine Point Pen Stylo, Assorted Colors, 12-Pack (1802226) for $13.50 (list price $28.29) Flash Furniture CH-CX0248H01-VEN-GG High Back Black Vinyl Executive Office Chair with Red Pipeline Border for $140.60 (list price $320.00) TaoTronics LED Desk Lamp, Stylish Metal Design Desk Light ( 5 Color Modes x 6 Dimable Levels, Memory / Favorite Function, 60-Minute Timer, Night Mode, with 5V/2A Output USB Port - Black ) for $69.99 (list price $139.99) Canon imageCLASS D530 Monochrome Laser Printer with Scanner and Copier for $99.99 (list price $395.00) Rolodex Mesh Collection 3-Tiered Desk Tray, Black (1742325) for $27.49 (list price $34.49) OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Eazymate Fashion Running Belt - Stylish Travel Money Belt with Zipper and Smartphone Pocket Fits Iphone 6 Plus, Samsung Note4. Great for Traveling and Sports. Multi-sizes for Women - Black- for $19.99 (list price $39.90) Kershaw 1990 Brawler Speedsafe Folding Knife for $16.70 (list price $39.95) ZQXPP MJ114 Men's Outdoor Multifunction Multi-pocket Pierced Fishing Vest Photo Journalist's Vest Beige for $19.99 (list price $29.69) Outdoor Products 3-Pack Ultimate Dry Sack for $8.97 (list price $16.00) Kershaw 155TI Cryo SpeedSafe Folding Knife for $18.00 (list price $49.95) Bracoo Breathable Neoprene Ankle Support, One Size, Black for $10.99 (list price $18.60) Wilson Tour Velocity Distance Golf Ball (15-Pack), White for $14.97 (list price $19.99) Firefield 5x50 Nightfall 2 Night Vision Monocular for $104.99 (list price $299.99) Kershaw 8700BLK Shuffle Multi-Function Tool Knife, Black for $13.70 (list price $27.99) Ontario 499 Air Force Survival Knife, Black for $39.16 (list price $42.88) 12 Survivors Hand Axe Kit, Black for $19.92 (list price $28.46) CAP Barbell Memory Foam Flat Bench, Black/Red for $49.99 (list price $73.17) Coleman RoadTrip LXX Grill for $159.00 (list price $229.99) Vanguard 10x42 Sprit ED Binocular (Black) for $133.25 (list price $190.53) Yard Machines 140cc 20-Inch Push Mower for $149.00 (list price $246.33) EastPoint Stars and Stripes Bean Bag Toss Set for $39.00 (list price $109.99) Classic Accessories Veranda Grill Cover - Durable BBQ Cover with Heavy-Duty Weather Resistant Fabric, Medium, 58-Inch for $23.88 (list price $44.00) Cuisinart CSBP-100 3-in-1 Stuffed Burger Press for $7.99 (list price $14.99) [Outdoor Living Mag Best Pick] 360° CLEAN GRILL BRUSH By Kona(TM) 18" Best BBQ Grill Brush - Stainless Steel 3-In-1 Grill Scraper Provides Effortless Cleaning, Great Grill Accessories Gift For Weber for $13.97 (list price $29.99) EcoCity Vintage Canvas Backpack Hiking Rucksack Casual Daypacks BP0030C2(Coffee) for $39.99 (list price $98.99) Camelbak Products Chute Water Bottle, Charcoal, 1-Liter for $11.19 (list price $14.00) Wenzel Klondike Tent - 8 Person for $169.99 (list price $249.99) Ultra Bright LED Lantern - Camping Lantern - for Hiking, Emergencies, Hurricanes, Outages, Storms, Camping - Multi Purpose - Black - Divine LEDs for $9.99 (list price $45.55) Frontiersman Bear Spray with Hip Holster - Maximum Strength & 30-foot Range (7.9 oz) for $31.44 (list price $34.55) Coleman Deluxe Camp Grill for $11.05 (list price $15.50) Elucto Electric Bug Zapper Fly Swatter Zap Mosquito Zapper Best for Indoor and Outdoor Pest Control for $18.60 (list price $39.90) Stainless Steel Solar Path Light, Oak Leaf Low Voltage Led Pathway Landscape lights For Outdoor Path Patio Yard Deck Driveway and Garden, 12-Pack for $29.99 (list price $43.99) Landmann 25282 Barrone Fire Pit with Cover, 26-Inch, Antique Bronze for $57.35 (list price $159.99) Landmann USA Bromley Fire Pit, Black for $45.71 (list price $89.99) Eco Defense Pest Control Pouches - All Natural - Repels Rodents, Spiders, Roaches, Ants, Moths & Other Pests - 12 Pack - Best Mouse Trap Alternative for $34.95 (list price $49.99) Kingsford Charcoal Briquettes, 7.7 Pound (Pack of 2) for $17.45 (list price $19.99) Tomcat Mouse Attractant Gel (For Use with Mouse or Rat Traps) for $3.97 (list price $6.99) Master Mark Plastics 95340 Terrace Board Foot Landscape Edging Coil 5 Inch by 40 Foot, Brown for $19.97 (list price $24.99) 2wayz Garden Hose Splitter - FULL METAL BODY Y Ball Valve Hose Connector Fits With Outdoor Faucet, Sprinkler & Drip Irrigation Systems. Includes: 10 Rubber Washers + 3 Years Guarantee. Enjoy! for $9.97 (list price $31.97) Camco 22853 Premium Drinking Water Hose (5/8"ID x 50') - Lead Free for $24.99 (list price $39.89) Camco 40043 TastePURE Water Filter with Flexible Hose Protector for $15.48 (list price $27.44) Gerber Bear Grylls Parang Machete [31-002289] for $27.00 (list price $55.00) Cosco Products 4 Piece Malmo Resin Wicker patio Set - Brown with Teal Cushions for $346.67 (list price $549.00) Lakeland Mills Cedar Log Lounge Chair, Natural for $122.99 (list price $219.99) ELECTRONICS Campark 4K 30fps WiFi Ultra HD Waterproof Sports Action Camera,SONY Sensor,Time Lapse,Slow Motion, TWO Batteries Included for $64.90 (list price $69.90) All-New Echo Dot (2nd Generation) - Black + Philips Hue Starter Kit preorder for $99.99 (list price $119.98) All-New Echo Dot (2nd Generation) - Black preorder for $49.99  Lenovo Ideacentre 300 Desktop, Black (Intel Core i3, 8GB DDR4 RAM, 1TB HDD, Windows 10) 90DA00LPUS for $374.99 (list price $449.99) Arlo Smart Security - 1 Add-on HD Security Camera (Base Station Not Included), 100% Wire-Free, Indoor/Outdoor with Night Vision (VMC3030) for $144.99 (list price $159.99) Dell SE2716H 27" Curved Screen LED-Lit Monitor for $242.00 (list price $399.99) Amcrest ProHD 1080P WiFi Wireless IP Security Camera - 1080P (1920TVL), IP2M-841 (White) for $98.60 (list price $107.99) NETGEAR ReadyNAS 314 4-Bay Network Attached Storage 4TB (RN31441D-100NAS) for $799.99 (list price $999.99) LG Electronics OLED55E6P Flat 55-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart OLED TV (2016 Model) for $3,497.00 (list price $4,999.99) LeFun Baby Monitor Wireless WiFi IP Surveillance Camera HD 720P Nanny Cam Video Recording Play/Plug Pan Tilt Remote Motion Detect Alert with Two-Way Audio and Infrared Night Vision for $59.99 (list price $119.99) Amcrest HDSeries 720P WiFi Wireless IP Security Surveillance Camera System IPM-721S (Silver) for $74.99 (list price $89.99) Samsung UN32J5205 32-Inch 1080p Smart LED TV (2015 Model) for $227.99 (list price $399.99) Rii RM400 LED Gaming Keyboard & Mouse Combo Bundle (7 Color Backlit) (rm400) for $31.25 (list price $49.99) Silicon Power 1TB Rugged Armor A60 Shockproof / Water-Resistant 2.5-Inch USB 3.0 Military Grade Portable External Hard Drive,Black (SP010TBPHDA60S3K) for $55.99 (list price $62.99) Epiphone Les Paul Electric Guitar Player Package, Vintage Sunburst for $209.00 (list price $347.00) Fusion5 7" Quad Core 774 IPS Google Android Lollipop 5.1 Tablet PC, 1280*800 1GB RAM, 8GB with IPS Display, Dual Camera and Google Play Kids Tablet PC for $39.97 (list price $89.69) NETGEAR CM600 (24x8) Cable Modem DOCSIS 3.0 Certified for Comcast XFINITY, Time Warner Cable, Cox, Charter & more (CM600-100NAS) for $119.95 (list price $129.99) NETGEAR N300 Wall Plug Version Wi-Fi Range Extender (WN3000RP) for $39.99 (list price $89.99) Amazon Kindle Voyage Case Cover, Leather Origami Stand, Book Folio Style, Secured with Magnetic Closure, Front Lid Attaches to the Back By Magnets, Rubberized Hard Back Shell Cover, with Smart Auto Sleep / Wake up Function for $15.99 (list price $45.99) ViewTV Outdoor Amplified Antenna - 150 Miles Range - 360° Rotation - Wireless Remote for $35.99 (list price $89.95) Photive CYREN Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker with Built in Speakerphone 8 hour Rechargeable Battery (Black) for $29.95 (list price $119.95) ViewTV AT-263 ATSC Digital TV Converter Box and HDMI Cable w/ Recording PVR Function / HDMI Out / Coaxial Out / Composite Out / USB Input (New Model) for $35.99 (list price $74.99) JBL Flip 2 Portable Wireless Speaker (Black) for $64.95 (list price $99.95) AmazonBasics CL3 Rated (In-Wall Installation) HDMI Cable - 25 Feet for $11.99 (list price $13.49) TOOLS Chemical Guys MIC_506_03 Professional Grade Premium Microfiber Towels, Gold (16 in. x 16 in.) (Pack of 3) for $11.99 (list price $16.39) BARSKA Large Biometric Safe for $169.99 (list price $227.24) Stanley 51-163 16-Ounce FatMax Xtreme AntiVibe Rip Claw Nailing Hammer for $17.99 (list price $31.50) DEWALT DW920K-2 1/4-Inch 7.2-Volt Cordless Two-Position Screwdriver Kit for $74.99 (list price $145.24) Coast HL7 Focusing 285 Lumen LED Headlamp for $25.26 (list price $58.30) TIWIN A19 E26 LED Light Bulbs 100 watt equivalent (11W), Daylight (5000K),1100lm, CRI80+, General Purpose Light Bulbs, Pack of 6 for $20.39 (list price $49.99) Dremel 4000-2/30 120-Volt Variable Speed Rotary Tool Kit - Corded for $79.49 (list price $150.91) 3M Aluminum Obyide Sandpaper 3 2/3 by 9-Inch, 60 Coarse grit, 8-Pack Paint, Wood, Metal Aluminum Obyide Sandpaper for $2.97 (list price $11.10) Louisville Ladder FE3224 Fiberglass Extension Ladder 300-Pound Capacity, 24-Feet for $280.74 (list price $438.91) Bessey GSCC2.524 2.5-Inch x 24-Inch Economy Clutch Style Bar Clamp for $8.37 (list price $22.34) Rockwell RK3441K Compact Circular Saw Kit for $87.00 (list price $129.00) TR Industrial TR88303 Multi-Purpose Cable Ties (100 Piece), 12", Black for $5.00 (list price $12.99) PORTER-CABLE PCCK602L2 20V MAX Lithium 2 Tool Combo Kit for $153.44 (list price $269.00) 3M Face Shield for $14.59 (list price $19.99) X-ACTO Z Series #1 Knife with Cap (XZ3601) for $3.46 (list price $3.99) Streamlight 66118 Stylus Pro LED Pen Light with Holster, Black for $19.44 (list price $21.58) Brightown Clear Globe G40 Screw Base Light Bulbs, 1.5-Inch, Pack of 25 for $14.30 (list price $35.00) GE 13-Watt Energy SmartTM 60 Watt Replacement - 2 Packs of 8 Bulbs - 16 Total Bulbs for $25.50 (list price $29.99) TEKTON 2376 10-Inch Pipe Wrench for $10.98 (list price $11.99) TEKTON 7068 Wire Brush Set, 9 Inch, 3-Piece for $5.99 (list price $10.99) WEN 56200i, 1600 Running Watts/2000 Starting Watts, 4-Stroke Gas Powered Portable Inverter Generator, CARB Compliant for $485.00 (list price $599.99) Original Life Hammer Escape Hammer (Orange), 2 Pack for $28.95 (list price $34.95) Powerbuilt 648332 2.5-Pound Club Hammer with Fiberglass Handle for $11.33 (list price $20.39) More from mental_floss...  10 Ways the CIA Tried to Kill Castro  10 Lifehacks from 100 Years Ago  What the Internet Looked Like in 1995  6 Amazing Animals That Practically Lived Forever September 17, 2016 - 11:00am Share . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss How One Line of Text Nearly Killed 'Toy Story 2' A Simple Trick for Defrosting Your Windshield in Less Than 60 Seconds The Most Popular Netflix Show in Each State POPULAR ON mental_floss Can You Spot the Problem With This Newspaper's Front Page? Unlock the Time-Saving Power of Your Keyboard's Function Keys 9 Unbelievable Movie Fan Theories That Turned Out to Be True POPULAR ON mental_floss The Murder of Rasputin: The 100th Anniversary of a Mystery That Won't Die 11 Gay Book Characters Turned Straight for the Movie Version Look Up! Millions of People Can See the Northern Lights Tonight POPULAR ON mental_floss 27 Temporarily Banned Episodes of Popular TV Shows Here's What a Neanderthal's Voice Might Have Sounded Like 15 Uses for Obsolete Technology POPULAR ON mental_floss One Gene Mutation Links Three Mysterious, Debilitating Diseases Yes, These Super Nintendo Sneakers Are Real “Mirrors With Memories”: Why Did Victorians Take Pictures of Dead People? POPULAR ON mental_floss 12 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Yoga Teachers 11 Weirdly Spelled Words—And How They Got That Way Why Are Wedding Rings Worn on the Left Hand? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Skip to content Publications Itawamba Times MS Business Journal Oxford Citizen Monroe Journal Pontotoc Progress Southern Sentinel Chickasaw Journal New Albany Gazette Southern Advocate E-editions Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Bridal View Announcements Submit an Announcement Daily Journal About Us Contact Us RC VOTE Business Directory Buy Photos Advertise News Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 St. Luke, Joyner team up to improve reading More In News Northeast Mississippi winter weather updates, closings VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 St. Luke, Joyner team up to improve reading Details still pending on MAEP rewrite Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award View all posts in News Sports View all posts in Sports College Mississippi State Ole Miss Others More In Sports Community College High School Outdoors Professional Okorie dokey: Bulldogs pick up SEC road win Featured Post office: Local quartet delivers in the paint BY GENE PHELPS DAILY JOURNAL Four of the state’s better girls high school post players make a living in Northeast Mississippi. Belmont coach Chris... Business Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award More than furniture: Gifts and accessories are playing a bigger role at market Tupelo sticks with Waste Management for two more years More In Business Arkansas retailer wins market buyer award More than furniture: Gifts and accessories are playing a bigger role at market Tupelo sticks with Waste Management for two more years Winter market returns: Expectations raised for 60th Tupelo Furniture Market DENNIS SEID: New year brings new ideas, hope View all posts in Business Lifestyle Resolution rescue: Build better habits for 2017 by building smart goals Willis earns national nursing honor MORA unveils clinical addition in Flowood More In Lifestyle Resolution rescue: Build better habits for 2017 by building smart goals Willis earns national nursing honor MORA unveils clinical addition in Flowood Rehab Institute seeks equipment for donation Health lines: Vascular surgeons treat Peripheral Artery Disease View all posts in Lifestyle Opinion OUR OPINION: Valuable teaching program receives extension W. DEREK RUSSELL: When the internet betrays you ERROL CASTENS: How to treat a grieving person (a starter) More In Opinion OUR OPINION: Valuable teaching program receives extension W. DEREK RUSSELL: When the internet betrays you ERROL CASTENS: How to treat a grieving person (a starter) LETTER TO THE EDITOR: No one should be punished for standing up for the truth OUR OPINION: New jail discussions need backing of research soon View all posts in Opinion Records Obituaries View latest Obituaries View archived Obituaries Blogs Biz Buzz Sears in Tupelo survives latest round of closings Inside MSU Sports Inside MSU Sports is moving Inside Ole Miss Sports Alabama 48, Ole Miss 43: Freeze likes the effort, not the mistakes Mighty Daily Journal An antidote to this age of distraction Education Matters Tupelo School Board 06.09.15 Subscriptions Begin a Subscription Print and Digital Options Request Two-week Free Trial Other Weekly Newspapers Q&A About Our Paid Content Manage Your Subscription Renew Your Subscription Request Temporary Stop Report Delivery Error Rate Your Delivery Service Videos VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 6, 2017 VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 5, 2017 Bulldogs face first SEC road test at Arkansas VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 4, 2017 VIDEO: Rick Murphy on The Memo podcast VIDEO: Newsbreak, Jan. 3, 2017 Podcasts The Memo Double Coverage Prep Rally Opinion » OUR OPINION: Culture of commodity blinds us from important treasures OUR OPINION: Culture of commodity blinds us from important treasures Posted on September 17, 2016 by Daily Journal in Opinion Earlier this month, tech giant Apple announced that the newly-released iPhone 7 will not have a headphone jack. Apple’s new headphones, priced around $150, will be two cordless, unconnected earbuds that will synch to the phone via Bluetooth technology. The internet responded with jibes and criticism, and by all counts, the move seems largely impractical. People will line up for it anyway, and shell out hundreds of dollars for the phone and headphones. This isn’t a slight to Apple customers, or even Apple, who has made its name by giving consumers what they didn’t know they wanted. The economic system and technological advancement of this country relies on the principle that bigger, newer, more complex, more impressive is better. Again, that’s all well and good. Where would we be if Henry Ford had simply given us a faster horse? The danger comes when we commoditize things money can’t buy, and that’s a fuzzy line. On social media, for instance, we become privy to everything from the exotic vacations to the scrumptious meals of others. Maybe you’ve found yourself wondering why your life isn’t as interesting, or whether you are deficient in some way that would make you undeserving of such pleasures. Or maybe you’ve found yourself using your own experiences and endeavors – and worst of all, relationships – as a sort of cultural currency to legitimize yourself as an individual who is good, vivacious, hip, and so on. But, ironically, ascribing value to things that should be priceless and soul-soothing makes them worthless. At our worst, in denial of our own wretchedness, we commoditize the ones most in need, dismissing the poor and the addicted as unworthy of our time, as having brought all their problems on themselves. Commodity culture simply doesn’t translate to matters of faith. It isn’t an issue of looking for treasure in the wrong place. It’s an issue of burying our own treasure in the wrong place, our treasures of attention, time and love. Faith asks us to be happy with very little, and nothing you buy will satisfy your heart. Through Christ the world according to the hierarchy of commodity crumbles. Through Christ, the world isn’t seen, but beheld. Like anything, it takes practice, but through Christ, the sleekest technological marvel and the lowliest drifter on the street will strike you with equal wonder as a miracle, as part of a single, moving, beautifully broken creation. Click here to leave a comment! Click video to hear audio Post navigation ← MICHAEL REAGAN: Hillary and Bill – The Old Couple Investigator: Suspect confessed to killing 2 nuns → Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest news and updates Browse by Date: Select month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 February 2000 January 2000 December 1999 November 1999 October 1999 September 1999 August 1999 July 1999 June 1999 May 1999 April 1999 March 1999 February 1999 January 1999 December 1998 November 1998 October 1998 September 1998 August 1998 July 1998 June 1998 May 1998 April 1998 March 1998 February 1998 January 1998 December 1997 November 1997 October 1997 September 1997 August 1997 July 1997 June 1997 May 1997 April 1997 March 1997 February 1997 January 1997 December 1996 November 1996 October 1996 September 1996 August 1996 July 1996 June 1996 May 1996 April 1996 March 1996 February 1996 January 1996 Polls Do you think more students should be exposed to careers in education to help develop them into teachers? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Newsmax Quick Links Sitemap Advertise Subscriptions Obituaries Contests Place a Classifieds Ad Community Bridal Church Directories Blogs Classifieds Buy Photos NE MS Jobs About About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Conversation Guidelines Terms of Service Contact Us Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal 1242 South Green Street Tupelo, MS 38804 (662) 842-2611 info@journalinc.com Copyright © 2016 Journal, Inc. | Director, Architect, Programming: Chris Elkins | Marketing, SEO: Ashley Elkins, Thrive Digital Marketing
Share 16 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 Charles Manson Too Risky For Surgery, Back To Prison? News 2017-01-06 Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: How Did Esteban Santiago Get Through Security With A Gun In His Checked Luggage? News 2017-01-06 Dylann Roof: Full Transcript Of Charleston Church Shooter’s Opening Statement News 2017-01-06 Michelle Obama Makes Tearful Promise To Young People In Moving Final Speech As FLOTUS [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: WWE Determined To Make WrestleMania 33 Main Event Great After Watching Wrestle Kingdom 11 Main Event Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Reddit User Finds Dark Zone Leaderboard, Possible PTS Date Hint, And Microtransactions In The Future? [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-06 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 6, Three Of Coins Returns BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iOS 10.0.2: iPhone Operating System Glitches Spark Speculation Of Updated iOS 10 Mobile 16 0 0 September 17, 2016 iOS 10.0.2: iPhone Operating System Glitches Spark Speculation Of Updated iOS 10 Ryan Anthony iOS 10.0.2 could be coming quicker than you expected due to numerous problems with the iOS 10 launch and subsequent issues revolving around iOS 10.0.1, which launched the same day as the iOS 10 operating system. Product-Review.net notes the problems with iOS 10 and reported that it was nearly unheard of for Apple to have launched iOS 10.0.1 on the same day as the iOS 10 release. For this reason, it reports that iOS 10.0.2 being released in the not too distant future is not out of the realm of possibility. Before diving into what an iOS 10.0.2 could look like, let us first look at the problems with the iOS 10 launch which led to the iOS 10.0.1 release on the same day this week. iOS 10 launched this week, but it has been anything but a success. The problems have sparked speculation of an iOS 10.0.2 update. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Pangu Jailbreak reports that Apple’s iOS 10 operating system likely had a jailbreak which could have been patched with the iOS 10.0.1 update. But the other obvious issue is the amount of iPhones that were becoming a “brick” as a result of the update, according to Product Review. The other issues that have so far been reported with the iOS 10 update include battery life issues, as well as WiFi and Bluetooth connectivity problems, according to Product Review. It suggests that instead of waiting for Apple to release an iOS 10.0.2 update to fix these problems, iOS 10 users can take the following steps to protect their devices and improve performance. “You need to also make certain that certain apps and their features are not running in the background since the update, such as Background Refresh, turn off Fitness Tracking, and also make certain that Brightness is set to auto.” “The dreaded Wi-Fi and Bluetooth issues come up every year, and so we are not surprised to see a return of it with iOS 10. However, the best way around this is to go to Go to Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings. This will make certain that all those old settings have been deleted, and so you can start afresh.” One thing Product Review notes is missing from iOS 10 is the slide to unlock feature, which it suggests could return with the iOS 10.0.2 update whenever it is released. That said, the likelihood of Apple releasing an updated iOS 10.0.2 that reverses previous coding and engineering decisions would be a difficult thing to imagine, with Product Review agreeing with our assessment. iOS 10.0.2’s possible release comes less than a week after the official release of the iPhone 7, pictured here at a store in New York. [Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] With all the information floating out there about a possible iOS 10.0.2 update hitting the market in coming weeks or months, should you wait for that update to do iOS 10.0.1 now? From the cheap seats, we suggest waiting until the latest model comes out. That is what we have done to ensure that there are no further issues such as bricking that have come to light with the iOS 10 update. Waiting allows Apple to work out the kinks and get everything just right prior to potentially damaging your really expensive investment. MacWorld explored the same question a few days back on whether to update to iOS 10 or wait for a possible iOS 10.0.2. Their answer is non-committal but similar to our suggestion. The key users they suggest could wait for the iOS 10.0.2 update are those who heavily depend on mapping software on their iPhone, those who have a smart home, as well as iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C users. The last group who may want to wait for the iOS 10.0.2 update, according to MacWorld, are those who have not yet backed update their devices. “I recommend a tethered backup to iTunes so you can check the ‘encrypt’ box, which backs up your passwords and Health data too,” writer Susie Ochs wrote. “But an iCloud backup is fine too. If you can’t be bothered at the moment, hold off on updating until you do.” What do you think? Are you going to download iOS 10 now or wait for iOS 10.0.2? Let us know in the comments section below. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10, & Nexus 6 Share 16 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ryan Anthony Tags: Apple, ios 10, iPhone 7 January 5, 2017 Conor McGregor Has Landed On His Next Challenge After Conquering The UFC, Acting In A Series Of Comedic Shorts January 5, 2017 Watch Team USA Vs. Team Canada Hockey Live Online: Start Time, Streaming Video For 2017 World Junior Championship Gold Medal Game View full timeline 12 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype 1 day ago Huawei: Amazon Alexa Artificial Intelligence Will Come Pre-Loaded On Mate 9 Androids In US Comments LATEST HEADLINES New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns ‘The Crown’ Renews Interest In Queen Elizabeth As Polls Show Subjects Want Monarchy Abolished South Carolina State Troopers Will No Longer Give A Book Containing Bible Verses To Grieving Families Because An Atheist Complained Angelina Jolie’s Kids Are Reportedly Participating In Weekly Visits With Their Father Los Angeles Lakers: Five Best Players 25 And Under Obama Unemployment Reality: Number Of Americans Not Working At Record High ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Celebrity Deaths 2017: Smaller Percentage Of Celebrities Expected To Pass Away, According To Mathematician Milo Yiannopoulos Beats Out Pulse Shooting Victims For LGBTQ Publication’s Person Of The Year ‘Star Trek: Axanar’ Ruling Could Signal Death Of Fan Film Industry Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.3k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 4 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Qualcomm's 'Clear Sight' to Assist Android OEM's Compete with Apple's hot new iPhone 7 Plus Camera | Main | Apple lost a Patent Case based on a Nokia Patent. Will the EU now Open an Antitrust Case against Nokia as Promised? » September 17, 2016 It Looks like iPhone 7 Fever is Alive and Well in Dubai this Morning   Who knew that iPhone 7 mania would extend to Dubai? A serpentine line of people had formed outside the Apple store in Mall of Emirates in Dubai on Saturday, with customers eager to buy the new iPhone 7 and the bigger iPhone 7 Plus. Excited customers were lined up hours before the store opened to get their hands on the new iPhone 7, something that has never happened for the Samsung Galaxy S7 or Note 7 or any Galaxy smartphone for that matter.   Ahmad Al Hajri from Saudi Arabia was the first person to buy an iPhone 7 in Dubai, reports Gulf News. He couldn't contain his excitement. Ahmad further noted that he "slept at the mall. I like Apple and wanted to buy a 5.5–inch iPhone 7 Plus space grey, but had to sacrifice it for the 4.7–inch space grey (256GB). I am taking two phones."   He said that the advanced camera, faster processor and new Touch ID features forced him to buy the new device.   Apple's new iPhone models – 7 and 7 Plus – went on sale in the UAE at Apple Stores in Mall of the Emirates and Yas Mall on Saturday.  Many walk-in customers were unable to get the iPhones they hoped for due to limited stocks, especially the new jet black iPhone.   The report also noted that each customer was limited to purchasing two iPhones. The iPhone 7 Plus, with its dual-lens rear camera, won the majority of pre-orders and walk-in customers, a reversal from previous years.   Ranjit Jose, a UAE-resident hailing from Kerala, was the first pre-booked customer to get his hands on the new device and the watch. "I was always been an Apple fan, right from the first iPhone. The kind of technological leap in every device, including design and the customer experience, made me buy Apple phones. This is the first time I am coming to an Apple Store. I am amazed by the live event and it was a great experience."   The report noted that "Industry experts said that Apple is benefiting from its rival Samsung's recall of the Galaxy Note 7 due to a spate of exploding batteries," but that's speculative at best. Apple is benefiting from delivering a solid new smartphone that Apple fans want and are excited about.   Those who choose the Samsung Note do so specifically because they want or need to use a smartpen for business apps or personal preferences. Apple's iPhone at present doesn't offer this feature. While Apple may be considering this feature down the road, at present LG has a modern smartphone with a pen that may be able to cash in on the Samsung Note recall, but Apple is unlikely to gain a single user because of it.   At the end of the day it was really cool to see and read about Apple fans in Dubai really excited over the new iPhone 7 this morning. It's just too bad that Apple doesn't have enough supply to give their fans what they want on day one. The iPhone 7 Plus in black and jet black are the big sellers at the moment. Here's to hoping that this will be a short lived bump in the road.   Apple's CEO Tim Cook on iPhone 7 Launch Day in the U.S.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on September 17, 2016 at 08:38 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Huawei Begins their Big Squeeze on Samsung in the U.S. Today Canadian Competition Bureau Closes its Investigation into Apple Conducting Anti-Competitive Practices Patent Troll GPNE continues to Fight Apple in China over Infringing Patents related to Cellular technologies We weep to learn that Super Millionaire Tim Cook won't make as many Millions as last year Apple's Virtual Click Wheel Prototype feature for iOS may have been discovered Apple Reportedly Shifting to IGZO TFT-LCD Panels for MacBook Pro Sometime in 2017 While Samsung's Mobile Division Nose Dived this Quarter, other Components gave Samsung a Solid Winning Quarter Apple confirms our Report that the first Flagship Apple Store in South Korea will open later this year Ireland's Sinn Féin Accuses Apple's CEO of being Disrespectful to the Irish People for not attending a Key Hearing Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
CLOSE World Politics U.S.A United Kingdom U.S.A United Kingdom Business World Russian warship in Manila for naval exercise Suicide bombing kills 36 in Baghdad Police seize 1,100kg in Australia’s ‘largest cocaine bust’ South Korea prosecutor says it might raid presidential office Russian ambassador to Turkey shot dead in Ankara art gallery Politics AllU.S.AUnited Kingdom Hillary Clinton will probably fight for the post of the New-York… Sadiq Khan creates new ‘green’ bus zones for cleaner air in… Handwritten Diana letters sell for £15,100 at auction Ed Sheeran returns to music: two new tracks are ready U.S.A Hillary Clinton will probably fight for the post of the New-York… Kylie Jenner makes Forbes 30 under 30 list Natalie Portman dreams to come back to the Marvel cinematic world Donald Trump backs Julian Assange over Russia hacking claim Charles Manson seriously ill, moved to hospital United Kingdom Sadiq Khan creates new ‘green’ bus zones for cleaner air in… Handwritten Diana letters sell for £15,100 at auction Ed Sheeran returns to music: two new tracks are ready Jonathan Rhys Meyers and Mara Lane welcome baby boy into the… Antonio Conte relaxed about record-chasing Chelsea being target of jealousy Business Home Technology Apple’s service iMessage grows up at last Technology Apple’s service iMessage grows up at last By Julia Simpson - September 17, 2016 0 Ads Apple and its iOS 10 appeared on Tuesday, impressed the fans. Among many enhancements, we could see the new messaging service iMessage. So, it brings the original functionality of Snapchat to iMessage, which is self-destructing messages. In fact, Apple is finally taking on Snapchat, WeChat and Slack. Apple’s service iMessage grows up, at last, on Tuesday, iOS 10 has presented many useful options and even the messaging service. It is the full-fledged, modern messaging emojified platform, which offers to use thousands of stickers, GIF variations and other ways to add canned personality (and absence of it!) to the regular messages. Apple’s iMessage allows to the sender to control how long each message, photo or video appears before vanishing. Want to manage the number of times your message can be viewed? It’s easy to opt, too. An extremely useful thing is an ability to revoke mistakenly sent messages. The developer, Koder Inc., adds that recipients without iMessage can see the self-destructing messages on the web. Great! Apple did its best, being developed another messaging app. In fact, it’s just one more decorated communication platform. All these stickers and emojis are not so important, but they are so fun. Advertisment TAGS apple iMessage Previous articleUS Special Forces join Turkish troops in northern Syria Next articleMicrosoft opens special showroom for business clients RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Sadiq Khan creates new ‘green’ bus zones for cleaner air in London How breast implants’ barcodes can save the lives Avril Lavigne accuses Mark Zuckerberg of ‘bullying’ Nickelback Elon Musk says Tesla Autopilot’s neural net is “working well” Uber in Madrid launched first electric car fleet New technology could block mobiles while drivers at the wheel Follow Us On 6,317FansLike 1,093FollowersFollow 5,327FollowersFollow 357FollowersFollow Trending TRENDING STORIES Andy Murray receives a knighthood from Elizabeth II Jan 1, 2017 Janet Jackson gives birth to a boy, Eissa Al Mana Jan 4, 2017 Queen Elizabeth II made Anna Wintour a dame of OBE Jan 2, 2017 Recent Posts Hillary Clinton will probably fight for the post of the New-York mayor Sadiq Khan creates new ‘green’ bus zones for cleaner air in London Handwritten Diana letters sell for £15,100 at auction Ed Sheeran returns to music: two new tracks are ready Kylie Jenner makes Forbes 30 under 30 list EDITOR PICKS Qatar’s former emir Sheikh Khalifa bin Hamad al-Thani dies aged 84 Oct 24, 2016 Holkham beached whale starved to death, CSIP says Oct 24, 2016 Nobel Prize for Japanese who unraveled cell recycling system Oct 3, 2016 POPULAR POSTS Hillary Clinton will probably fight for the post of the New-York... Jan 6, 2017 Sadiq Khan creates new ‘green’ bus zones for cleaner air in... Jan 6, 2017 Handwritten Diana letters sell for £15,100 at auction Jan 6, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Politics668 U.S.A543 World379 Entertainment305 Science171 Headlines130 United Kingdom124 Business94 Technology84 ABOUT USPolitical Lore is a leading political and world current affairs website. The website has always encouraged independent views, and never encouraged any party’s agenda. FOLLOW US Home About Privacy Policy News Contact Write For Us © All rights reserved. Political Lore Political Lore Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close Shares Share This Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit
Saturday, January 7, 2017  |  Rabea Al Thani 9, 1438 Uae Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Courts Education Environment Government Heroes Health Heritage National Day Science Genes in Space Technology Tourism Louvre Abu Dhabi Transport Ahmed Al Hajri was the first in line to receive the iPhone 7 at the Apple store in Dubai's Mall of the Emirates. Pawan Singh / The National Customers shop at the Apple store in Dubai during the launch of the iPhone 7 at Mall of the Emirates. Pawan Singh / The National UAE residents queue through the night for iPhone 7 Rezan Oueiti Follow @Rezo_90 September 17, 2016 Updated: September 20, 2016 08:37 PM Related iPhone 7 review: Socketless upgrade is a gamble by Apple Breitling launches the all new Chronoliner Blacksteel watch Samsung and Apple slip-ups are creating opportunities for rivals such as LG Etisalat, du start to offer Apple’s newest smartphones as iPhone 7 Plus sold out Samsung loses $22 billion in market value after Note 7 smartphone recall Related iPhone 7 review: Socketless upgrade is a gamble by Apple Breitling launches the all new Chronoliner Blacksteel watch Samsung and Apple slip-ups are creating opportunities for rivals such as LG Etisalat, du start to offer Apple’s newest smartphones as iPhone 7 Plus sold out DUBAI // Hundreds of UAE residents queued in Abu Dhabi and Dubai for the iPhone 7 on Saturday, with some lining up as early as Friday night to be among the first to get the new smartphone. It was the first year that fans of the iPhone could buy the latest models at official Apple stores, which opened in Abu Dhabi and Dubai in October last year. Telecoms companies Etisalat and du were also offering the phones to customers who had ordered them online. A customer service representative at the Apple store at Abu Dhabi's Yas Mall said that the first batch of phones in the UAE had been sold out and the devices had only been given to those had ordered them online in advance. Ahmed Al Hajri, from Saudi Arabia, waited in front of the Apple store at Mall of the Emirates starting at 10pm on Friday to be the first in line for the iPhone 7. He had ordered the phone online and spoken with store employees the day before to confirm the time of the opening. "I worked hard to be the first and get the phone as well. I am so glad that I was the first and got it," the 22-year-old said. "I love the iPhone because it always has updates, has many applications and high security, and its accessories are available everywhere. And the thing that attracted me to the iPhone 7 is its camera." Ranjit Jose, an Indian sales director, was the second who entered the store, which opened at 8am, to get both an iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch Series 2. "I am a crazy Apple fan, and I have every Apple phone since it was launched," the 40-year-old said. "I bought the new Apple Watch because I have never had a sport watch in my life and there are so many features in it, as it gives me the complete update on my heartbeats and breath from time to time, so I can take care of my heart." Diana Ahmed, a Syrian business law student, came to Dubai to buy the phone after ordering it online in Syria. "I arrived yesterday and this is my first time here in Dubai. I usually order online and on the first day of launching the iPhone, I get it even from France or New York," the 26-year-old said. "I am an Apple lover and I like the fact that the iPhone 7 could go in water with no damage, as I had two iPhones before, and both fell in the water and did not work anymore, and I lost all my photos. "But with this one I would not face the same problem." Rawan Batniji, a 26-year-old Palestinian housewife, found that when she went to buy the device for her sister at about noon, it was already out of stock at the Etisalat headquarters in Abu Dhabi. "The employee explained that the number of devices they received for the Middle East were fewer than the number they ordered, and the ones they received they gave to those who ordered it," said Ms Batniji. "Whoever went to buy it on the spot was turned down." Even though she is a loyal iPhone user, Ms Batniji decided not to get one for herself. "I did not like it because it is exactly the same shape and size as the iPhone 6," she said. She also did not like that the latest model has no headphone jack, and users without wireless headphones must instead plug them into the charging port with an adapter, which Ms Batniji called impractical. "I always have the headphones on, and sometimes I put the charger in at the same time," she said. roueiti@thenational.ae * Additional reporting by Haneen Dajani Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Technology 2017 Emirates Energy Award open for applications Abu Dhabi teachers to receive cybersecurity training Abu Dhabi Police Services smartphone app launches MOST VIEWED Uae | All Sheikh Khalifa makes private overseas trip Abu Dhabi amends laws regulating parking Etihad Museum opening in Dubai to tell the story of the UAE UAE public holidays for 2017 announced by Abu Dhabi Government Three men die in Sharjah warehouse fire Boat owners drop anchor on Abu Dhabi streets because berthing fees are ‘very expensive’ Can you go 30 days without sugar? Dubai Health Authority sets New Year challenge UAE leaders attend wedding receptions in RAK - in pictures Motorcycle parade in Ras Al Khaimah honours doctor who saved Emirati biker’s life Exercise better than pills in battling depression, UAE doctors say More Most Viewed Sheikh Khalifa makes private overseas trip Now empowered, Iran will take a bolder approach in the region Abu Dhabi amends laws regulating parking Etihad Museum opening in Dubai to tell the story of the UAE UAE public holidays for 2017 announced by Abu Dhabi Government Quincy Jones explains how Prince walked away from a duet with Michael Jackson Three men die in Sharjah warehouse fire Music video featuring women skateboarding in Saudi Arabia goes viral Iraqi forces enter northern Mosul for first time Boat owners drop anchor on Abu Dhabi streets because berthing fees are ‘very expensive’ More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Etihad Museum opening in Dubai to tell the story of the UAE Portrait of a Nation: Dubai’s ‘King of Botox’ shows he has a lot more in his locker UAE leaders attend wedding receptions in RAK - in pictures Chief of British Defence Staff visits Abu Dhabi’s Wahat Al Karama FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT From piracy to an out-dated star system, why Bollywood is in crisis Boat owners drop anchor on Abu Dhabi streets because berthing fees are ‘very expensive’ About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Remember Apple’s iPod Commercial With Dancing Silhouettes? Conan O’Brien Gives His Take On It With The New … – Tech Times Posted on September 17, 2016 by Tech Times Conan’s sketch about the falling AirPods was based on old Apple commercials involving dancing silhouettes. The said commercials helped launch the iPod music player as well as iTunes. ( Team Coco | YouTube ). Advertisement. Apple has a track record of … Will Apple’s AirPods slip out? Conan O’Brien’s hilarious spoof ad offers a viewDigital Trends Apple’s dancing silhouette ads return in AirPods parodyCNET Review: AirPods may be a bit ahead of their timeChicago Daily Herald Adweek -BGR -Co.Create -Refinery29 all 49 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Home Appmodo iPhone Android Windows Phone Reviews Games How To Free Apps Twitter RSS Textkraft Pocket 4.1 released – Write and publish on your iPhone By Adam on Sep 14, 2016 at 5:18 am Neuss, Germany – infovole GmbH today is very pleased to announce the release and immediate availability of Textkraft Pocket 4.1, a major update to their popular text editor developed for iOS devices and Apple Watch. Textkraft is a series of professional writing apps for iOS devices, especially developed for authors, editors, translators and other prolific writers. The apps for iPad, iPhone and Apple Watch were downloaded more than 5 million times since 2011. The new update 4.1 of Textkraft Pocket makes all premium functions available that were previously only available for the iPad. Texts can be saved as an EPUB formatted e-book. The exporter gathers all required and usefull meta data for the publication, such as the name of the author and the publisher, the cover image, and a table of contents, automatically generated from heading styles. E-books can be shared as an attachment, saved locally or on a cloud, or can be directly imported into Apple’s iBook app. Textkraft can also open EPUB e-books for reading or import the text of an e-book including all supported text styles for editing. This way you can also read the book on your Apple Watch. The extended dictionary with synonyms has been greatly improved. Unknown words can be learned temporarily, so that they are only valid for the current project. A prediction and correction menu can be shown directly in the text. It only replaces words when the user taps on a suggestion. The system uses a newly developped text corpus, which learns the favourite words and subjects of the writer to make better suggestions. Non-breaking spaces and hyphens are now available for writing and visble on screen. Regular expressions can be used for searching. For instance “grep:t” searches tabs and “grep:[0-9] ” finds numbers of any size. More improvements: * Supports iPhone 7 and iOS 10 * Important functions are available as key shortcuts on external keyboards * Improved import of complex HTML & RTF files * Fixed problems with WebDAV, ownCloud and BOX connections * Updated the ownCloud connection to work with ownCloud 9 servers * Fixed problems with tabs, Touch ID, fonts and Share Extension * Better stability and improved behavior in low memory conditions * Fixed the Korean Wikipedia * Less memory consumption * Several UI improvements * Improved reading of large documents on the Apple Watch Device Requirements: * iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch * Optimized for all devices * Apple Watch support * Requires iOS 7.1 or later (supports iOS 10) * 67.2 MB Pricing and Availability: Textkraft Pocket 4.1 is $3.99 USD (or equivalent amount in other currencies) and available worldwide exclusively through the App Store in the Productivity category. infovole Textkraft Pocket 4.1 Purchase and Download Promotional Image Screenshot App Icon infovole GmbH, based in Germany, focuses on the development and marketing of mobile applications and server infrastructures. Consulting, conception, design, development, App Store distribution, ASO and marketing; the service line portfolio of infovole covers the entire production and conversion chain of a mobile app. The smart text editor Textkraft for iPad, iPhone and Apple Watch, with more than 5 million downloads, is the most known app of infovole. All Material and Software (C) Copyright 2016 infovole GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPod and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other trademarks and registered trademarks may be the property of their respective owners. Filed: Press Releases Latest Press Releases eBook Search 3.0 Offers Over 8 Million Free eBooks and All New Design Posted on Jan 6, 2017 at 3:03 am The Wolf – A top tier multiplayer RPG for mobile coming January 18th Posted on Jan 4, 2017 at 7:03 am It Is Media Svenska AB adds its best-selling magazines to Magzter Posted on Jan 4, 2017 at 4:48 am Quote Blast for iOS – Unique Puzzle Game featuring Motivational Quotes Posted on Jan 4, 2017 at 4:03 am Indie Developer releases Football Pocket Manager 1.7 for iOS Posted on Jan 4, 2017 at 3:03 am KidsYam’s Math Rangers released – Teach Basic Math to Kids Posted on Jan 4, 2017 at 3:03 am More from Latest Press Releases © Copyright 2017 Duke Networks, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Stock: Next Stop $140? BMO Capital lifts its price target on shares of Apple from $116 to $140, and Canaccord's analyst also raises its goal on the stock to $140. Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Sep 17, 2016 at 9:20AM Image source: The Motley Fool. The stunning four-day winning streak for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock came to an end on Friday, but that didn't stop one Wall Street pro from gushing about the investment's prospects. BMO Capital analyst Tim Long raised his price target on the stock from $116 to $140. He's keeping his bullish outperform rating, of course.  He's encouraged by the commentary coming out of stateside carriers on initial iPhone sales, an important barometer because Apple itself has announced that it won't be offering opening weekend iPhone sales as it has in the past. A supply shortage -- particularly of the new jet black models and the larger iPhone 7 Plus -- will make it tricky to get an initial read on the iconic smartphone's early success.  Carriers have been offering generous trade-in offers and discounts on iPhone products, making a big deal out of an update that many feared would just be a placeholder until Apple dramatically changes things in time for next year's update. Next year's model will mark 10 years on the market, and Apple isn't likely to squander that round milestone. Long feels that iPhone sales will top expectations. He's also upbeat about the prospects for Apple Watch Series 2 in the coming quarters. Hardware upgrade cycles will be lumpy. Apple investors know that all too well. They saw it rear its head when sales began to slip in the shadow of 2014's iPhone Plus rollout. However, Long feels that Apple's services revenue -- which he expects to grow at a 10% annualized clip through at least 2019 -- will provide more consistency to Apple's financial performance in the future. The ride up to $140 Apple shares moved sharply higher in each of this past week's first four trading days, soaring 12.1% in the process. The stock took a 0.6% step back on Friday, but the trading still played out as a healthy 11.4% pop for the week.  It's a surprising move in light of the 4.3% hit the stock took a week earlier when it actually unveiled the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2. The market wasn't initially impressed, but there's excitement now on Wall Street with some buzz building for the smartphone update and carriers are getting aggressive in trying to outfit customers with the pricey handsets.  BMO Capital isn't the only firm moving up to $140 as a near-term stock goal. Canaccord analyst T. Michael Walkley also boosted his price target, going from $120 to $140. His survey work is also showing that stateside carriers are finding success with their iPhone promotions, leading him to conclude that initial replacement sales are coming in better than expected. Walkley is betting that future upgrade cycles will be even stronger.  Cupertino's on a roll One can argue that Long and Walkley didn't have much of a choice here. Apple's stock has been on a tear since bottoming out in May, soaring 28% to close at $114.92 on Friday. Long and Walkley parked with price targets of $116 and $120 didn't make sense on bullish ratings.  The two analysts would have to either lower their ratings to more neutral settings or push up their stock price goals. They're doing the right thing. The market's hot for Apple again, and Wall Street pros don't want to be on the wrong side of that bullish momentum. Rick Munarriz owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rick Munarriz (TMFBreakerRick) Rick has been writing for Motley Fool since 1995 where he's a Consumer and Tech Stocks Specialist. Yes, that's a long time. He's been an analyst for Motley Fool Rule Breakers and a portfolio lead analyst for Motley Fool Supernova since each newsletter service's inception. He earned his BBA and MBA from the University of Miami, and he now lives a block from his alma mater. Follow @market Article Info Sep 17, 2016 at 9:20AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Read More If You Doubt Apple, Inc.'s Interest in Cars, Think Again Apple, Inc. Had a Merry Christmas Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar How Risky is Apple Inc. Stock? Tech Predictions for 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Apple Stock: Next Stop $140? #stocks $AAPL
null
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook US News AP, Other Media Sue FBI for Details on iPhone Hacking Tool US News AP, Other Media Sue FBI for Details on iPhone Hacking Tool By Associated Press | September 17, 2016 AT 9:59 AM Last Updated: September 17, 2016 9:59 am An iPhone is seen in Washington, D.C., on Feb. 17, 2016. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster) WASHINGTON—The Associated Press and two other news organizations sued the FBI on Friday to learn who the government paid and how much it spent to hack into an iPhone in its investigation into last year’s San Bernardino, California, massacre. The lawsuit seeks records about the FBI’s contract with an unidentified vendor who provided a tool to unlock the phone used by Syed Rizwan Farook, who with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. Gannett, the parent company of USA Today, and Vice Media LLC joined the complaint with the AP, seeking to learn more about the mysterious transaction that cut short a legal dispute in which the government sought to force Apple Inc. to unlock the phone. Related Coverage US Officials Say FBI Will Never Reveal iPhone Hacking Method Supreme Court Expands FBI Hacking Power With Rule 41 Your Devices’ Latest Feature? They Can Spy on Your Every Move “Understanding the amount that the FBI deemed appropriate to spend on the tool, as well as the identity and reputation of the vendor it did business with, is essential for the public to provide effective oversight of government functions and help guard against potential improprieties,” said the suit, filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. In rejecting earlier requests to divulge the information, the government had said revealing the records could affect “enforcement proceedings,” but did not elaborate. FBI spokesman Chris Allen declined to comment Friday. The case stems from the FBI’s announcement in March that it had purchased a tool to unlock the iPhone, aborting the court fight with Apple that had in turn triggered a debate about the proper balance between electronic privacy and national security. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple could help it access the work-issued phone, which was found in a car after the shooting and was protected by a passcode that included security protocols. At the Justice Department’s request, a magistrate judge in February directed Apple to create software that would bypass security features on the phone so that the FBI could get into the device and scour it for potential evidence. Apple contested the order, saying the FBI’s demand set a dangerous precedent and could undercut security protections for its customers. The two sides were headed for a court showdown when Justice Department officials revealed that a party outside the U.S. government brought it a potential solution to unlock the phone. The FBI said a week later it successfully entered the phone using the tool. The lawsuit cites media reports as saying investigators did not find any links to foreign extremist groups on the device. Though FBI Director James Comey has released some details about the transaction, including saying that the FBI paid more than he’ll earn for his remaining years in the position, the agency has refused to say how much the solution cost or reveal how it worked. It also refused to share the information with Apple, which had expressed concern that circumventing its security protections could compromise its products. The suit by the media organizations argues that there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenges the adequacy of the FBI’s search for relevant records. It also said the public has a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. It was the third suit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the Freedom of Information Act. Editor’s Picks Top Chinese Leadership to Reshuffle in 2017 The Internet’s Growing Environmental Footprint ‘Fake News’ Crackdown Spreads Around the World Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in US NewsAvalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National ParkHunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive BlizzardWoman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car FloatsMichigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole Latest in US Crime and Incidents Couple Found Dead With Sign on Door Warning Not to Go Inside US News Avalanche kills Montana skier in Glacier National Park US News Hunter Found After Digging Into Snow to Survive Blizzard US News Woman Drives Into River to Avoid Cops, Boozes as Car Floats US News Michigan Governor Makes Disaster Declaration Due to Sinkhole US News Brother: Suspect in Fla. Airport Shooting Treated for Mental Health Politics After Intel Brief, Trump Says Hack Had No Impact on Election Crime and Incidents Divers in Lake Erie Find Cockpit Recorder of Missing Plane Crime and Incidents 5 Dead, 8 Wounded in Shooting at Florida Airport, Suspect in Custody × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year September 17, 2016 AAPL: 114.92 -0.65 Top new iPhone 7 features + some not-so-good features [Video] Jeff Benjamin - Sep. 17th 2016 6:24 am PT @JeffBenjam iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Yesterday was the official release day for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and some of us were fortunate enough to be able to pick up our units early on Friday morning. For those of you who plan on getting an iPhone 7, or for those of you who still might be on the fence, have a look at our top features hands-on commentary. Not only do we discuss numerous top iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus features, but we also touch on a few of the hardware’s disappointing areas as well. New storage capacities Finally, we’re no longer stuck in 16 GB purgatory. I’ve long held the belief that 32 GB of base storage is the sweet spot, and Apple delivered. New color options Space Gray was getting old. I’m happy to see two awesome new colors in Black and Jet Black. Grippy Jet Black surface I like the Jet Black color in particular. Not only does it look great, but it feels even better in the hands. It reminds me a lot of the way the iPhone 5c felt in hand, but it’s obviously a whole lot nicer. I’ve always thought the 5c was one of the better iPhones from a tactile perspective, and the Jet Black iPhone 7 surpasses that feeling. Hands-on video and commentary Subscribe now for tons more iPhone 7 and iOS 10 videos Redesigned antenna lines Black is the perfect color to help mask antenna lines. Guess what the two new iPhone colors are? Solid state Home button The new Home button feels weird at first, but I’m now used to it. I don’t necessarily buy the idea that Apple made this change to appease those afraid of wearing out the Home button. I think this move has long been in the cards, because it helps with water resistance, and plays along nicely with the idea that the Home button might be embedded in the screen of a future iPhone. The main downside to the new Home button is that it requires skin contact, which means it won’t work properly while wearing (non-capacitative) gloves, while fingers are wet, etc. A10 Fusion chip Apple continues to impress with its chip design. The A10 is heads and shoulders over the competition with single core performance, and even bests Apple’s own A9X chip that powers the 12.9″ iPad Pro. 3GB RAM (iPhone 7 Plus) The extra RAM is probably used to help out the iPhone 7 Plus’ camera system. At any rate, the iPhone 7 Plus has more RAM than any other iPhone. Improved battery life A10 Fusion is more than just raw power. It features high efficiency cores to help with light tasks while sipping batter. Other changes, such as the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack, has helped the cause. The iPhone 7 now gets close to 2 hours of additional battery, and the iPhone 7 Plus gets an additional hour. Water and dust resistance One of my favorite things about the Galaxy S7 is now available on my phone of choice. 2x louder stereo speakers We finally get stereo sound on a iPhone, and the sound is much more bombastic this time around. Improved 12 MP sensor Don’t be fooled into thinking this is the same 12 MP sensor found in the iPhone 6s. A faster, more efficient sensor with bigger pixels awaits. ƒ/1.8 aperture Going from ƒ/2.2 to ƒ/1.8 makes a big difference for low light photos and videos. OIS for iPhone 7 Speaking of low light, OIS helps out in that area, not to mention much more stable photos and videos. Now regular iPhone owners get to taste the fun that Plus owners have been enjoying. 7 MP FaceTime camera We’ve graduated from 5 MP to 7 MP. No huge changes here, but image fidelity is noticeably improved. Camera bump design The camera bump no longer seems like an afterthought. Quad-LED True Tone Flash A 50% brighter flash can help color match environments for just the right look in low light. 2x optical zoom The 7 Plus’ flagship feature is nice to have, but it probably won’t wow you. 25% brighter screen Apple says the screen on the iPhone 7 is brighter. Retina HD wide color display (wide color photos) Viewing proper wide color photos (which, the iPhone 7 is capable of shooting) is fairly eye-opening. Wide color photos pop like no other. New Taptic Engine enhancements This is one of my favorite new iOS 10 features. Helped by the updated Taptic Engine in the iPhone 7, users will experience subtle haptic interactions when interfacing with certain aspects of iOS 10. For example, you’ll notice a small thud when letting the  Notification Center drop, or the clicky sound that occurs when spinning a time wheel. EarPods with Lightning connector They’re the same old EarPods without the case but with a new way to connect. Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Jack adapter You can still use your old headphones using Apples’s Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Jack adapter. Apple includes on in the box, and sells additional ones for $9. Faster LTE iPhone 7 now supports the latest version of LTE Advanced. This brings us up to a theoretical 450Mbps, but we’re not going to get anywhere close to that anytime soon. No 3.5mm headphone jack Yes, it’s gone. People are mad about it. It’s hard for me to get mad at a company that’s trying to improve its product, unafraid of the backlash that comes with making these tough decisions. That  said, I can empathize with those who are upset. Jet Black exclusive to 128 & 256 GB SKUs It’s obvious that Jet Black costs more to make, because it takes more time to make. Yet, for people who absolutely don’t need more than 32 GB, you’re going to have to pony up for more space than you need if you want Jet Black. Water damage not covered under standard warranty Yes, the iPhone is water resistant.  Yes, you’ll still need to pay in order to cover accidental water damage. No OIS when using 2x Zoom on iPhone 7 Plus This is probably my biggest disappointment about the 7 Plus. Not having OIS on a telephoto lens stands out like a sore thumb once you’re used to the stability of the wide angle lens. Jet Black finish prone to fingerprints and micro-abrasions Apple warned us. The Jet Black iPhone 7s is a fingerprint magnet. If that bothers you just go with matte Black. iPhone 7 Plus Bokeh mode not ready at launch This can’t get here soon enough. 2x zoom, while nice, isn’t enough to justify upgrading to the 7 Plus. T-Mobile & AT&T phones lack full compatibility with other networks Adding Intel to the supply chain might end up hurting your iPhone’s resell value. Those phones won’t work with CDMA on networks like Sprint and Verizon Conclusion The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are worthy upgrades to the iPhone 6s. Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year September 17, 2016 AAPL: 114.92 -0.65 iPhone 7 bests iPhone 6s in durability drop test, survives ten foot face-down drop Benjamin Mayo - Sep. 17th 2016 6:38 am PT @bzamayo iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple appears to have improved the durability of the iPhone 7 compared to the iPhone 6s, as highlighted by a new drop test video by EverythingApplePro. The iPhone 7 does very well in this specific test, sustaining ten foot face-down and side drops without cracking the screen. In contrast, the iPhone 6s was completely shattered at drops of five-feet. The iPhone 7’s rear sapphire cover glass (the camera bump) was damaged but the person could still take photos. Apple makes no claims about drop or shatter performance of course; the waterproofness of the iPhone 7 has already been shown to be of a high-standard. Drop tests are somewhat naive and it often comes down to luck whether one device survives or breaks. Nevertheless, it shows that the general durability of Apple’s newest iPhones is very good and shouldn’t die if you accidentally drop it once or twice. Even if the front screen glass is cracked from a drop, in many cases the touch screen still works and the phone is usable. That said, it is very impressive that in the video the iPhone 7 mostly survives a ten-foot face down drop with minor scuffs to the chassis and a cracked camera that doesn’t affect photo taking. In the real world, most drops happen at far lower heights. Also note that before the ten foot drop, the test devices had already been subject to drops at waist and head level. As always, if you are worried about damaging your new iPhone, you shouldn’t use it naked. Buy an iPhone 7 case, designed for rugged use or otherwise. Even slim cases offer enough protection to avoid catastrophic cracks, in most instances. Still, if you want to go caseless, it seems like the iPhone 7 is very durable. The iPhone 6s scored very well on the drop tests and the iPhone 7 goes beyond that benchmark. Going from a semi-realistic drop test to a completely ridiculous video of technological destruction, the iPhone 7 has also been subjected to a hydraulic press. Few consumer products would be able to withstand such force. Naturally, the iPhone 7 gets crushed … Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Campus Crime & Safety 2016 Election Coverage National & International News Texas News Calendar Submit a Story Idea Life+Entertainment Art Food & Drink Health & Wellness Music Movies & TV People & Interests Technology & Games Ransacked Theater Refresh Podcast Load Times Podcast Submit a Story Idea Opinion Editorials Columns & Letters Bad Advice for Bad People Cartoons Submit a Letter to the Editor/Column Sports Adaptive Sports Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Baseball Softball Volleyball Tennis Track & Field Intramural & Club Sports Athletic Department Submit a Story Idea Multimedia Gallery Mavmoments Video Gallery Podcasts Extras 2016 Election Coverage Espress–Oh! Coffee Shop Directory 2016 Graduate School Guide 2016 Shorthorn Dining Guide #DallasStrong Coverage UTA Pokemon Go Coverage 2016 New Student Guide 2016 Spring Break Travel Guide 2016 Baseball Softball Preview 2015 Basketball Preview 2015 Homecoming Edition 2015 New Student Guide 2015 Housing Guide Shorthorn Housing Guide Directory & Listings Print Ads Gallery Archived Special Editions Classified Ads Events About About Us Contact Us Apply for a Job Photo Reprints Submit your content Media Kit Advertising Rates & Information Rack Locations Alumni Archives PDF Archives Advanced Archives Search E-newsletter Archives Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation 25° Arlington, TX (76019) Today Cloudy. High 27F. Winds N at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low near 20F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 6, 2017 @ 12:50 pm Full Forecast Search News Campus Crime & Safety 2016 Election Coverage National & International News Texas News Calendar Submit a Story Idea Life+Entertainment Art Food & Drink Health & Wellness Music Movies & TV People & Interests Technology & Games Ransacked Theater Refresh Podcast Load Times Podcast Submit a Story Idea Opinion Editorials Columns & Letters Bad Advice for Bad People Cartoons Submit a Letter to the Editor/Column Sports Adaptive Sports Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Baseball Softball Volleyball Tennis Track & Field Intramural & Club Sports Athletic Department Submit a Story Idea Multimedia Gallery Mavmoments Video Gallery Podcasts Load Times Podcast Refresh Podcast Extras 2016 Election Coverage Espress–Oh! Coffee Shop Directory 2016 Graduate School Guide 2016 Shorthorn Dining Guide #DallasStrong Coverage UTA Pokemon Go Coverage 2016 New Student Guide 2016 Spring Break Travel Guide 2016 Baseball Softball Preview 2015 Basketball Preview 2015 Homecoming Edition 2015 New Student Guide 2015 Housing Guide Shorthorn Housing Guide Directory & Listings Print Ads Gallery Archived Special Editions Classified Ads Events Close Shabbir Hamid Column: Apple doesn’t fall far from the tree By Shabbir Hamid, The Shorthorn staff Shabbir Hamid Sep 16, 2016 2 Shabbir Hamid Apple is developing a habit of undercutting their phones. We all know Apple products are always some of the best on the market. Perhaps having control of all their hardware and software helps them to keep all their products top notch. However, their products do not seem to progress technologically as consumers expect them to. In the past, the iPhone led the field of innovation. Every model changed the mobile world, driving other phone companies to replicate their successes. Now, we have the iPhone 7 being introduced as a water resistant phone as if it’s a new feature. We already have phones that have a higher water resistance rating. Also, remember when Apple copied the rest of the market and introduced a bigger phone? Ha. This frustrates me as a past Apple lover. I’m desperate to see the company get back to their previous glory. Removing the headphone jack for more speakers and slightly changing their home button are not significant enough upgrades to maintain their reputation as innovators. The company of “think different” is quickly becoming a company that gives us the same thing over and over again. Just look at their latest watch. Can you even tell a difference? Built-in GPS sums up their year-and-a-half efforts. Another aspect of their phones that frustrates me is how the camera features of the smaller phone are not the same as the bigger phone. The iPhone 7 Plus features a second, 2.8-aperture telephoto lens. It also has 2x optical zoom and 10x digital zoom. The regular iPhone 7 does not have the second lens and only has 5x digital zoom. I know this isn’t important for everyone, but as an avid photographer, the better camera features on the Plus isolates me to pay much more money for a size I may not want. My point with this example is that even their products undercut themselves. The pre-order reports have not been released yet, but it will be interesting to see which product consumers value more. Maybe Apple is holding on to their true innovations for the next iPhone. For now, I think it’s sad that we’re relying on a supposedly sexy, jet black look to spike our interests. @shabbirhamid521 opinion-editor.shorthorn@uta.edu Shabbir Hamid Follow Shabbir Hamid Close Get email notifications on Shabbir Hamid daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Shabbir Hamid posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Shabbir Hamid Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (2) comments jjsmith12 Sep 19, 2016 10:19am Shabbir, What you have to understand is how revolutionary it is looking at it from a computer architecture perspective. As a consumer we tend to overlook these "technical" aspects and only care about the main I/O visible. Let me expand what I mean by "computer architecture perspective". If you look at the A10 processor it contains 3.3 billion transistors, which has never been done before on a 125 mm^2 area. Not to mention the powerful 6 core GPU. The internal design is spectacular compared to the competition. Please bare in mind all aspects of a product, and keep in mind the details. It's easy to bash a product like this with little knowledge. Report Add Reply Comment deleted. screenname123 Sep 19, 2016 8:08am @Robertmartin03 Do us all a favor and take your hateful rhetoric somewhere else where you won't hurt your little mind as you try to understand the difference between a religious group and an extremist group. Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. FEATURED CLASSIFIED AD PRIVATE FURNISHED bed/bathroom. $475/mo. 2.5 miles from campus. female only. vidabryant1@gmail.com More Classified Ads TOP FIVE ARTICLES Mavericks win 11th consecutive game Men's basketball team to start Sun Belt Conference play with national attention Men's basketball team earns 10th straight win Third provost candidate encourages diversity, growth at UTA Lady Mavericks take first conference win WHAT PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT Tweets about "#UTABNB OR #TeamUTA OR #UTArlington OR #UTAMavs OR #BuckEm OR #UTAMaverickNation near:"Arlington, TX" within:15mi" MOST POPULAR CONTENT Articles Images Videos Audio Collections Commented Articles Mavericks win 11th consecutive game Men's basketball team earns 10th straight win Men's basketball team to start Sun Belt Conference play with national attention Third provost candidate encourages diversity, growth at UTA Supreme Court associate justice stresses importance of globalization in American law Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Audio Sorry, there are no recent results for popular audio clips. Collections Women's basketball team takes second conference win 60-58 MavMoments: Fall Graduation 2016 December 14 Print Ads Commented Supreme Court associate justice stresses importance of globalization in American law (1) Third provost candidate encourages diversity, growth at UTA (1) Second provost candidate emphasizes transparency, communication during forum (1) Sections News Opinion Life & Entertainment Sports Multimedia Gallery Blogs Weather Calendar Services About Us Contact Us Rack Locations Advertise Submission Forms Contact US theshorthorn.com Box 19038 Arlington, TX 76019 Phone: 817-272-3188 Email: editor.shorthorn@uta.edu Follow Us © Copyright 2017 The Shorthorn , Box 19038 Arlington, TX Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
▲ top Features Calendar Local Global Other Home About Contact Subscribe Calendar Publish Donate Regions north coast central valley north bay east bay south bay san francisco peninsula santa cruz california us international Topics animal lib anti-war arts + action drug war education en español environment global justice government health/housing immigrant media activism labor lgbti / queer police state racial justice womyn International americas haiti iraq palestine afghanistan More make media get involved photo gallery feature archives fault lines links Donate Help support grassroots independent media. $51.00 donated in past month IMC Network From the Open-Publishing Calendar From the Open-Publishing Newswire Indybay FeatureRelated Categories: International | Arts + Action HIDDEN The following post may have been a test post, a duplicate, or could have been hidden if it violated this site's Points of Unity. If you think this item should not have been hidden, first make sure it wasn't posted twice and you were just unable to find the other copy of the post. If that was not the case, you can contact the editorial collective by e-mailing indybay@lists.riseup.net. DAVID ID EAT A TURD CALL YA COCOON HOLE ASSHOLES INDY BAY BILLY GATES YOUR TURD SUCKERS ! by HITLERSON WARMACHT Saturday Sep 17th, 2016 6:10 AM YO DAVID ID INDY BAY GATES LOW I.Q. EAT ANY TURD ID I MAKE YO ANY WHERE YO RUN TRANNY FECAL BALL LESS JUNKIE MOTHER FUCKER SKANKY BITCHY DIG A TURD OUT YOUR SIMPLE JUNKY ASSHOLE CALL YA MAYOR COON HOLE DAVID ID INDY BAY U.S.C. INTEL EXPOSED YO OWN TURDS MORON DUMB SHIT ! © 2000–2017 San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. Unless otherwise stated by the author, all content is free for non-commercial reuse, reprint, and rebroadcast, on the net and elsewhere. Opinions are those of the contributors and are not necessarily endorsed by the SF Bay Area IMC. Disclaimer | Copyright Policy | Privacy | Contact | Source Code
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Remember Apple's iPod Commercial With Dancing Silhouettes? Conan O'Brien Gives His Take On It With The New AirPods 17 September 2016, 9:08 am EDT By Fritz Gleyo Tech Times Top 5 Technology Acquisitions Of 2016Now Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Conan's sketch about the falling AirPods was based on old Apple commercials involving dancing silhouettes. The said commercials helped launch the iPod music player as well as iTunes.  ( Team Coco | YouTube ) Advertisement Apple has a track record of delivering new functionality in its annual iPhone series releases, but not this year. Aside from the improved battery, waterproofing, faster processor and better camera, not much has changed. In fact, the only major changes that the Cupertino company made are the color scheme, the addition of matte and jet black and the headphone jack, or lack thereof. With the absence of the traditional 3.5 mm audio jack, iPhone 7 owners will have to connect their EarPods via the Lightning port, which is OK until the phone needs to be charged. Bear in mind that charging the device will also require the same Lightning port since there's only one anyway. An uncommon case it may be, but it can be quite a predicament. To remedy this, Apple introduced the AirPods, a wireless earpiece set that is powered by Apple's W1 chip and intuitively connects to the handheld. The AirPods have a built-in mic and will activate Siri with a couple of taps. They pack roughly five hours of listening time and come with their own charging case. Everything sounded great about the new accessory until the $159-price-tag bomb was dropped. With its price, the AirPods is just a couple of bucks behind pure gold, which currently is priced at $42 per gram. That's 4 grams of pure gold hanging on a set of ears. Some may say that designer earrings cost more, but it needs to be pointed out that earrings are either bolted on or clipped to the ear, not hanging by them. Providing some level of assurance that the AirPods won't easily fall off when performing day-to-day activities, Apple CEO Tim Cook came out and claimed that the AirPods didn't fall off while doing everyday tasks, even while he was dancing. "I've been on treadmills, walking, doing all the things you normally do," says the Apple CEO. The Conan talk show on TBS, hosted by Conan O'Brien, thinks that Apple will sell a lot of AirPods but has a different take on why that would be so. The show elaborates on its idea through a minute-long sketch where old iPod commercials with dancing silhouettes were parodied using the AirPod, which was described as "Wireless. Expensive. Lost." Early reviews for the AirPods are quite positive in terms of the accessories' ability to remain attached to the ears. "Not only did I dance, I headbanged. I shook my head side to side, I tossed my hair, I jogged in place, and I looked silly doing all of it," writes MacWorld's Susie Ochs. "The AirPods stayed put, and they stayed loud." "You can run with them and they're not gonna fall out. They're pretty snug in your ears," says Steve Kovach of Tech Insider. For those who want to better secure their AirPods, there's always the Spigen AirPods Strap. As the name suggests, it's a chord that connects both wireless earpieces, which is ironic since the whole point of having wireless earpieces is to get rid of the wires in the first place. It costs $10 on Amazon. Wireless adapters are also available for those who would rather stick with their wired ear companions and not spend $159 on the AirPods. Apple's AirPods are due to roll out this October. TAG AirPods, Apple, Conan, parody © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Best iPhone 7 And 7 Plus Accessories: Phone Cases, Wireless Headphones And Portable Chargers Worth Buying Apple CEO Tim Cook Claims AirPods Don't Fall Out Even While Dancing Or On Treadmill: Hard Truth Or Marketing Move? Afraid Of Losing Your New AirPods? This $10 Wire From Spigen Will Connect Apple's Tacky Earbuds iPhone 7 Mistakes: The Top 7 Things We Hate About The New Apple Smartphone Poll Finds Most People Aren’t Impressed With - And Won’t Buy - The iPhone 7 From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Attention, 'Overwatch' Players: Don't Abuse Mei's Ice Wall Cheat Or You'll Be Punished 2 Space Skywatching In 2017: Here’s When To Look Up To Catch The Planets 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8 Edge/Plus: Mass Production Beginning In March With 10 Million Units Built For April Release Advertisement 4 Televisions CES 2017: Should You Get Sony's Bravia OLED 4K HDR TV Or LG's Signature OLED 4K HDR W TV? 5 Business Tech Sears, Kmart And Macy's Are Closing Down Stores: Here's A Full List Of Where They'll Shut Down 6 Feature | Science Can Humans Survive A Zombie Apocalypse? Studies Investigate Spread Of Zombie Infection 7 Space New NASA Missions To Send Robotic Probes To Study Mysterious Asteroids In The Solar System 8 Televisions Xiaomi Shows Off Ultra-Thin Mi TV 4 At CES 2017: This Modular TV Is 30 Percent Thinner Than The iPhone 9 Apps/Software Google Outs January Security Patch For Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P And More 10 Gaming 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Release Date Finally Announced; Gameplay Video Shown Off At CES 2017 EDITOR'S PICKS Iron Deficiency Anemia Linked To Hearing Loss: JAMA Study Rare Comet Visiting Inner Solar System For The First Time To Be Visible From Earth This January NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius US Department Of Defense Warns Soldiers About Consuming Too Much Energy Drink Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
News Business Finance Banking Currencies Financial Services Forex Investments Investors Markets Personal Finance Precious Metals Taxation Real Estate Tech Cameras Computers Digital Downloads Gaming Consoles Mobile Apps Smartphones Software Tablets Wearable Devices Lifestyle Art Beauty Charity Competitions Cultural Observer Dining & Wine Education Entertainment Fashion & Style Food Health Home & Garden Important Questions In Pictures Interiors Kids Letters from Readers Rumors Self-help Smart Living Society Sport Travel Wedding Travel Search Expats Log-in Gift Cards eBooks Audiobooks Flights Hotels LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Dubai Chronicle News Business Finance AllBankingCurrenciesFinancial ServicesForexInvestmentsInvestorsMarketsPersonal FinancePrecious MetalsTaxation US Federal Reserve System Raises Base Interest Rate Emerging Markets Retail Banking Growth Slows Equity Futures Trading Increases Rapidly on Nasdaq Dubai in November Optimistic Forecast: UBS Sees Gold Price Averaging $1,350 in 2017 Real Estate Tech AllCamerasComputersDigital DownloadsGaming ConsolesMobile AppsSmartphonesSoftwareTabletsWearable Devices Top Business Trends 2017 Why People Buy Smart Home Technology Wearables Continue to See Strong Demand Across MENA Prime Video Now Available Worldwide with Special Offer Lifestyle AllArtBeautyCharityCompetitionsCultural ObserverDining & WineEducationEntertainmentFashion & StyleFoodHealthHome & GardenImportant QuestionsIn PicturesInteriorsKidsLetters from ReadersRumorsSelf-helpSmart LivingSocietySportTravelWedding The Fashion Walk Returns to City Walk Tiger Woods confirmed for Omega Dubai Desert Classic 7 Habit-Driven Tactics to Crush Your Exercise Goals in 2017 DSF 2017 Brings World-class Performances to Dubai Shopping Malls Travel The Best and The Worst New Luxury Hotels of 2016 Dubai Expo 2020 Update: Up for World-class Travel Experience World’s Best Cities for Fun, Going Out, Culture, Love and Affairs Best New Year Destinations in Middle East Emirates offers special UAE National Day fares Home Business Technology Should you buy iPhone 7 or iPhone 6S Technology Should you buy iPhone 7 or iPhone 6S September 17, 2016 3137 You can easily buy iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in stores and online here. The eagerly expected iPhone 7 is expected to firmly outsell its larger and more advanced version. The big question is: “Should you hurry to buy iPhone 7 when it looks so similar to the iPhone 6S? There is a price difference, in addition to a recent storage boost aimed at comforting the millions existing iPhone 6S users. Hopefully, the differences in performance between the both seemingly equal devices can convince you that the device is worth spending on it. The iPhone 7 retains the same tough Series 7000 aluminium as the iPhone 6S, but also adds IP67 dust and water resistance which allows the device to survive being fully submerged in water for up to 30 minutes. This is a catch-up feature to rivals and is widely welcomed by fans. Another change is the home button is now a fixed touch sensitive surface with haptic feedback. This should reduce button failures and app developers will get access to allow custom haptic feedback patterns. Meanwhile, Apple has also removed the antenna bands from the back of the iPhone 7 which gives it a cleaner look and integrated a speaker into the earpiece so users get loud external audio for the first time. In addition, Apple has expanded the array of colour options for the iPhone 7. So, now devotees can choose between Rose Gold, Gold, Silver, Black and Jet Black, though the Space Gray option has been discontinued. Despite changing the smartphone industry with its Retina Display on the iPhone 4 in 2010, Apple has since been surpassed by rivals producing 1080p, 2K and even 4K OLED displays. But Apple follows proven patterns: iPhone 7 – 4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 1334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi), 65.6% screen-to-body ratio iPhone 6 – 4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 1334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi), 65.6% screen-to-body ratio Apple has boosted peak brightness on the iPhone 7 by 25%, introduced support for a wider (P3) colour gamut and better color management. So, Apple declared the iPhone 7 comes with a “cinema standard” display. However, this doesn’t match up to the OLEDs on Samsung’s Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Note 7. Meanwhile, 3D Touch support is still there, even if its implementation in iOS 10 remains hit and miss as users are forced to guess which interface elements are enabled and which are not. Some benchmarks claim the 2015 iPhone 6S is faster than Android’s 2016 flagships, but that hasn’t stopped Apple giving the iPhone 7 another significant speed boost: iPhone 7 – Apple A10 Fusion chipset: Quad Core CPU, Six Core GPU, 2GB of RAM iPhone 6S – Apple A9 chipset, CPU: Dual-core 1.84 GHz Twister; GPU: PowerVR GT7600, 2GB of RAM Apple has yet to detail the iPhone 7’s exact CPU and GPU models and clock speeds, but it claims the range’s first ever quad core processor delivers 40% and 50% performance gains respectively over the iPhone 6S. The A10 Fusion chipset makes the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple’s fastest ever iPhones. The iPhone 6S is already quick, so this may not be a huge selling point though it does promise a great deal of future proofing. Some power users will decry the lack of a RAM upgrade, but it just doesn’t seem like iOS needs more right now. Notably, the iPhone 7 provides a 50% boost to 4G speeds with a 300Mbit modem switched out for a 450Mbit unit. Apple made no claims of improving Touch ID this year but again, it’s not necessary. For the last two years Samsung has been the smartphone photography king, but the new iPhone 7 makes some very welcome changes after the iPhone 6S plateaued from the iPhone 6: iPhone 7 – Rear: 12 megapixel sensor, f/1.8 aperture, Focus Pixels, Optical Image Stabilisation, quad-LED (dual tone) flash, 4K video recording. Front: 7MP sensor, f/2.2 aperture, 1080p recording iPhone 6S – Rear: 12 megapixel sensor, f2.2 aperture, Focus Pixels, Software Image Stabilisation, dual-LED flash, 4K video recording. Front: 5MP Front Camera, f2.2 aperture, 720p video recording The numbers are the significantly larger f/1.8 aperture, optical image stabilization and a four LED flash with cool and warm tones, all of which should improve the iPhone’s biggest photographic weakness: low light photography. In addition, Apple has fitted the iPhone 7 with an all new 6-element lens, upgraded image signal processor and added support for wide colour capture which will boost colour accuracy. Meanwhile the front facing camera gets a bump to 7MP and, while still stuck at f/2.2, it delivers greater detail and 1080p video. The most notable is the iPhone 7 Plus and its dual rear cameras which provide 2x optical zoom and a much wider depth of field. But it remains extremely bulky for a 5.5-inch phone. Removing the headphone jack was meant to create space for a much larger battery. But it turns out most of that space was used to fit the haptics engine for the new touch sensitive Home button – as such there’s only a moderate improvement in stamina from the iPhone 6S to the iPhone 7: Arguably even more frustrating, however, is Apple’s ongoing refusal to equip its iPhones with either fast charging or wireless charging. Given both have been common features on Android rivals for years and there is now just a Lightning port on the iPhone 7, their ongoing omission is deeply disappointing. Where Apple does catch up with rivals this year though, is storage. The iPhone 7 finally ditches the loathed 16GB entry level tier and doubles storage across the range from 16/64/128GB to 32/128/256GB. This makes the iPhone 7 far better value for money, but making the upgrade decision harder is Apple has retroactively upgraded iPhone 6S storage as well: iPhone 7 – 32GB ($649), 128GB ($749), 256GB ($849) iPhone 6S – 32GB ($549), 128GB ($649) This causes a conundrum. For example, is a 128GB iPhone 6S preferable to the same outlay for a 32GB iPhone 7? Personally I’d side with the newer model, but some users are being tempted to do the opposite – and the iPhone 7 Plus costs even more. The iPhone 7 is a major upgrade to the iPhone lineup. The added durability, water resistance, upgraded camera, performance gains, brighter display and bigger storage options are all welcome and overdue. Still, the iPhone 7 also isn’t as big an upgrade as we are used to for an iPhone ‘number change’ year. The virtually identical design seems dated compared to rivals like the Galaxy S7 Edge and Note 7, while the lack of fast and wireless charging is inexcusable in 2016 and the removal of the headphone jack has the potential to backfire. A radical upgrade to the iPhone lineup will come only in 2017 in celebration of the 10th anniversary. The iPhone 7 is predominantly a step forward, but it is unlikely to be remembered as a classic Apple release. TAGS Apple iPhone 6S iPhone 7 iPhones Smartphones Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Why the iPhone is losing appeal Best Deal on iPhone SE – $356 Best Deal on iPhone 6s – $414 Apple set to discontinue iPhone SE Best Amazon Black Friday Deals Today; Save Big on iPhone 6s Top 3 Best Selling Smartwatches First ever UAE ‘Mobile Phone in the Car’ behaviour research Only in Dubai! Order taxi through Siri Note-worthy Evolution: A look back at Galaxy Note devices over the years Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production Google Assistant aims to upstage Siri and Alexa Galaxy Note 7 exchange programme in UAE begins; Announces battery software update LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Email Just In The Fashion Walk Returns to City Walk January 6, 2017 Tiger Woods confirmed for Omega Dubai Desert Classic January 6, 2017 Top Business Trends 2017 January 1, 2017 7 Habit-Driven Tactics to Crush Your Exercise Goals in 2017 January 1, 2017 12-Hour Flash Sale in Dubai on January 1st 2017 December 31, 2016 Helpful Tips on How to Do Well in Binary Options Moving Money to Dubai From UAE 2016 Was a Bad Year; Hopes are High for 2017 December 30, 2016 UAE Declare 2017 as the “Year of Giving” December 26, 2016 ‘Out of this World’ Opportunity to Shop and Win this DSF December 25, 2016 Most Spectacular Downtown Dubai New Year’s Eve Fireworks December 22, 2016 Dubai among Most Expensive Cities for New Year’s Eve Celebrations December 22, 2016 Trends 2017 Top Business Trends 2017 January 1, 2017 2016 Was a Bad Year; Hopes are High for 2017 December 30, 2016 UAE Declare 2017 as the “Year of Giving” December 26, 2016 Top Risks for Global Businesses in 2017 December 19, 2016 Global Economy to Expand at Rate of 2.8% in 2017 December 19, 2016 See The 24K Gold iPhone 6 and Gold iPad Made for... In Pictures: Best Hotel in Istanbul for Middle Eastern Travelers In Pictures: Fashion Forward Dubai New Venue d3 In Pictures: Penthouse in Dubai Marina In Pictures: The Oscars 2016 Red Carpet Arrivals In Pictures: Dubai’s Luxury Hotels and Resorts at Night Top 10 Interior Design Secrets for Stylish Home Inspiring pictures of meeting rooms with different layouts and style In Pictures: 15 of the world’s most beautiful castles Inspiring images of salmon dishes from Dubai’s best restaurants 12 Pictures of sophisticated desserts from Dubai’s best restaurants In Pictures: Bloomingdale’s at The Dubai Dubai celebrates the festive season Dubai Fashion Forward Season 6 in Pictures 10 Best Hotel Lobbies in Dubai 10 Best Restaurants in Dubai facebook instagram twitter youtube About Archive Advertise Contact Press Releases © Copyright 2016 - New Media Group
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Charting the Market Charting the Market A graphic look at selected stock activity for the week ended September 16, 2016. Included are Apple, Deutsche Bank, and Intel. By David Schutt Biography Sept. 17, 2016 2:38 a.m. ET Apple Posting its best four-day streak in more than two years, the stock reflected unexpectedly strong sales of its new iPhone 7 amid Samsung’s recall trauma. Wells Fargo After being rocked by a $185 million regulatory fine for its account-sales practices, the bank was then said to be under federal investigation as well. Novavax... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in September These three Buffett-owned stocks look like excellent bargains right now. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Sep 17, 2016 at 8:26AM Image source: The Motley Fool. Warren Buffett-led Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) has a portfolio of about 45 stocks, much of which reads like a who's who of great American businesses. With the market still close to all-time highs, it's only natural that some Buffett stocks look pretty expensive right now. However, there are still a few that look cheap and are worth a closer look. In fact, I own two of these in my own portfolio, and I'm strongly considering adding the third. Apple's new products are looking strong If you recall the buildup, or lack thereof, to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 event, you'll remember that the experts didn't exactly have high expectations for the latest Apple products. Well, at least for now, it looks like the experts were wrong. Sprint recently reported that preorders for the new iPhones are four times higher than last year's, and T-Mobile went even further, saying that its preorders were the highest in history. Additionally, most critics have given the new phones unexpectedly positive reviews. Even the new Apple Watch Series 2 is getting praise by critics. One review by The Verge even said that the Apple Watch has finally found its focus primarily as a fitness tracker, and a very good one at that. With water resistance, built-in GPS, a larger battery, and faster performance, sales of the Apple Watch could certainly surprise the market. Although Apple stock has popped a little bit since the product announcements were made and the reviews started coming out, share still look remarkably cheap. As of this writing, Apple trades for just 12.6 times trailing-12-month earnings (which is even better than it sounds considering Apple's massive cash hoard). While a small earnings drop-off was projected in 2017 by analysts, I wouldn't be surprised if Apple's third- and fourth-quarter numbers shatter the market's expectations, given the extremely positive reception of the new gadgets. Don't be scared by short-term weakness To be perfectly clear, Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) did a bad thing. If you haven't heard, Wells Fargo was fined $185 million recently for fraudulently opening about two million deposit and credit card accounts without its customers's consent. However, it's important to put the recent events into perspective. First of all, even with the recent fines, Wells Fargo is still the least-fined of the big four U.S. banks, as my fellow Fool John Maxfield recently pointed out. If you add up the fines paid since 2009, Wells Fargo is a distant fourth out of four, trailing the next closest bank (Citigroup) by nearly half. And the bank has taken measures to ensure these deceptive sales practices are behind them. The 5,300 employees who participated have been fired, and Well Fargo has removed product sale requirements from its retail banks -- the primary reason employees felt pressured into opening the fake accounts in the first place. Wells Fargo is still a well-run bank, even when considering this scandal. It is among the most profitable of all U.S. banks, earning respectable returns in a challenging low-interest environment, and does an excellent job when it comes to managing risk. WFC Price data by YCharts. Since the wrongdoing was made public, Wells Fargo shares have dropped considerably, underperforming the other U.S. big banks by a significant margin, as you can see in the above chart. In fact, it was recently overtaken by JPMorgan Chase as the largest U.S. bank by market capitalization. Berkshire is Wells Fargo's largest shareholder, and has actually lost $1.4 billion in value since the news broke. However, I believe Wells Fargo is a strong buy on any weakness, and is becoming more and more attractive as this story plays out. The other big Buffett bank stock Most people don't think of Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) as a Buffett stock, since it's technically not included in Berkshire's stock portfolio. However, Bank of America is actually Berkshire's fourth-largest equity investment. In the years following the financial crisis, Buffett made a rather savvy investment in Bank of America, acquiring $5 billion worth of preferred stock paying 6%, and receiving warrants to buy 700 million shares of the bank for $5 billion at any time prior to September 2021. Well, fast-forward a few years, and 700 million shares of the bank are now worth about $11 billion -- a pretty nice return. Even so, Buffett has no desire to unload his investment anytime soon. It's easy to see why. Bank of America has improved tremendously since the crisis. Capital levels are strong, credit risk management has gotten much better, and the bank's operations have become more efficient. Plus, due to its current lack of profitability, Bank of America trades for a big discount to book value. BAC Price-to-Book Value data by YCharts. Once interest rates begin to normalize, it could catapult the bank's profits higher, and take the stock's valuation with it. Buffett said in his 2015 letter to shareholders that Berkshire is likely to purchase the shares just before the options expire and said the investment was "one we value highly." A word of caution If you decide to buy any of these three stocks, be sure to do so with the long-term in mind -- say, five years at a bare minimum. This is especially true with the two bank stocks. It's entirely possible that the short-term fallout from the Wells Fargo scandal could push the stock down further in the weeks and months to come, and if interest rates rise slower than the market expects, it could be a negative catalyst for Wells and Bank of America. Even Apple isn't immune to short-term headwinds – sure, pre-orders of its new product line look great, but if next year's iPhone is a flop, it could easily push the stock price down. The bottom line is that all of these stocks are long-term winners, but can be quite unpredictable over shorter periods of time. So, invest with that in mind. Matthew Frankel owns shares of Apple, Bank of America, and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, and short October 2016 $50 calls on Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America and T-Mobile US. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Sep 17, 2016 at 8:26AM Financials Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $245,394.00 up $542.50 (0.22%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $163.41 up $0.11 (0.07%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $117.91 up $1.30 (1.11%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $22.68 no change (0.00%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $55.04 down $0.14 (-0.25%) Read More 2 Reasons to Think Bank of America Will Have a Very Good Fourth Quarter Bank of America Could Soon Hit Its Main Profitability Target 10 Biggest Banks in America 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in December How Much Did the Financial Crisis Cost Bank of America’s Biggest Shareholder? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in September #stocks $BRK-A, $BRK-B, $AAPL, $BAC, $WFC
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices The Apple Store Line Is Dying Bloomberg Alex Webb, Mark Gurman and Adam Satariano 17/09/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Mystery object hurtling towards Earth 'could be a comet' Five people killed in Florida airport shooting Employees celebrate with a customer outside an Apple store in New York, on Sept. 16, 2016. Photographer: John Taggart/Bloomberg The frayed scrap of paper taped to the sidewalk outside Apple Inc.’s flagship store in San Francisco’s Union Square had a simple message: $5 for photographs. The sight of Apple fans clamoring to get the latest phone was replaced Friday by people looking to make a few bucks from their lead spot in the line. For the first time, being first through Apple store doors around the world is no guarantee of securing the top-of-the-line new iPhone. A combination of limited supply and Apple’s push toward online pre-orders meant walk-in customers were unable to buy the larger 7 Plus version. The result: smaller, less-enthusiastic lines. That’s a big change from the retail frenzy that has long been a ritual of the company’s marketing for a product that still accounts for at least 57 percent of revenue. “My iPhone 5 died two days ago, the screen became detached,” said David Nelson, a 51-year-old attorney from Oakland, California, who waited toward the back of a line of several hundred people outside the San Francisco store Friday morning. “If my phone had survived, I wouldn’t be here.” It was subdued outside the London Apple shop in Covent Garden. A well-organized line of a few hundred people cycled through, mainly consisting of people with receipts to pick up pre-ordered devices. The line outside Apple’s Fifth Avenue store in New York was the smallest since the launch of the iPhone 3GS in 2009, according to Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. His research team counted 400 customers lining up there Friday, down from a peak of 1,880 for the iPhone 6 debut in September 2014. Apple said earlier this week that all models of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 7 Plus were sold out in advance, as were all other new handsets with the glossy jet black finish. “Consumers continue to trend toward pre-ordering new devices to specifically avoid long launch day lines,” Munster wrote in a Friday note to investors. “Pre-orders and early inventory issues will continue to impact future launch day lines, thus would not be surprised to continue seeing smaller lines across the world on future launch days.” This year, Apple extended its iPhone Upgrade program, in which customers pay a monthly fee in return for a new handset every year. This may help Apple stabilize iPhone sales in years without new blockbuster models, but it also reduces the need for people to gather for hours outside stores on launch day. After being introduced in the U.S. a year ago, iPhone Upgrade was rolled out to the U.K. and China this year. Several Apple retail employees in Europe said their stores had no stock for customers walking in without a pre-order reservation, despite Apple’s statement that there would be iPhone 7s available in all colors besides jet black. At European stores where stock for walk-ins was available, quantities were scarce and customers seeking a particular color and capacity configuration ended up with a model they didn’t want or left empty-handed, the employees said. Some big Apple stores in California received fewer than 100 units for walk-in customers, other employees said. They didn’t want to be identified sharing descriptions of early sales. Apple won’t disclose initial weekend sales numbers for the new models, breaking with the tradition of past years. The lack of sizable crowds this year is a far cry from previous product launches. The first iPhone in 2007 introduced the world to customers camping outside stores to buy a new technology product. Greg Packer, a former government maintenance worker, started the line at Apple’s Fifth Avenue store five days before the original iPhone became available, while a group of organic farmers sat in line for more than a week before the iPhone 3G’s launch in 2008. Lines at some malls were so long that security guards made crowds wait at nearby locations and escorted customers in small groups to the store to buy their phones. Apple employees provided waiting customers with bottled water, coffee and donuts. The large crowds were not only made up of shoppers. Some people paid others to line up for them and re-selling new iPhones purchased early from stores became a thriving side business. Piper Jaffray’s Munster said this year’s line outside the Fifth Avenue store had "little to no representation from overseas re-sellers." Last year, these entrepreneurs accounted for about 20 percent of the line, he noted. Still, smaller lines do not necessarily mean fewer sales, because online pre-ordering has picked up, the analyst said. "We remain comfortable with our thinking for slight growth in the iPhone 7 cycle compared to the iPhone 6 cycle," he wrote. Back in San Francisco on Friday, some customers were still waiting to get phones for other people. Matic Skok, a 23-year-old from Slovenia, was buying an iPhone 7 for his uncle back home. “My uncle is addicted to his iPhone,” Skok said, adding that he didn’t plan to buy a new handset for himself. “I have a 5S but it’s too expensive for me to get a new one.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 12 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Taming your smartphone library - podcast How to manage the ever-growing photo collection, with backup and organize Post to Facebook Taming your smartphone library - podcast How to manage the ever-growing photo collection, with backup and organize   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2cukeNv {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series talking tech What's it like to walk the floor of CES? Watch. CES 2017: 5 cool showstoppers CES 2017: 5 gadgets that made me say wow Taming your smartphone library - podcast Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY Published 9:15 a.m. ET Sept. 17, 2016 | Updated 9:25 a.m. ET Sept. 17, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Photographer Erin Manning and search expert Danny Sullivan offer tips for managing smartphone photo collections. Google Photos albums (Photo: Google) LOS ANGELES - Your smartphone photo collection is getting bigger by the day--but do you know how to find those photos of you and your kids from the spring vacation? With the majority of photos now being taken on smartphones, and the tendency for most folks not to bother with backup or organization, we've devoted a podcast with tips on how to do just that. Free tools from Google and an improved Apple Photos app in the IOS 10 mobile operating system upgrade are worth a look. Our guests this week: photographer Erin Manning, search expert (and photographer) Danny Sullivan, and Josh Haftel, a product manager with software giant Adobe, which just updated its Lightroom Mobile app for organizing and editing photos. --Google Photos: The app and web service offers the richest terms in tech: free, unlimited storage of every photo and video you shoot, but at a slightly lower resolution. To find your photos, use Google search. That often works great--but not always. If you have tens of thousands of photos in there, it can be tough to locate your work. Tips: Google's face recognition is so good it lets you do search for photos by face--say the wife, son, friend, etc. (It can take awhile, or need a group of similar photos for the software to learn. But sometimes, to be able to find your photos in Google Photos, as good as the search is, you'll need to chime in, with tagging friends and family, or better yet, creating albums with titles, that are, of course, searchable. To tag a photo in Google Photos, just open up an image, by selecting the icon with the I and put in as much information on at least one image from the shoot--name and location is always a good place to start, as in "Ruth, New Mexico 2016." Click the I tab in Google Photos to open up the description window, and add a tag for better searching  (Photo: Jefferson Graham) Another thing you'll want to do is create albums. Title the album with a name of a trip, person or location, or searching for them will be much easier. I often like to upload hundreds of pictures at a time, and wish Google would let me create the album first--title it, and then upload the images. It doesn't, so I upload one shot, then create and title the album, then upload the rest. That seems to do the trick. Search expert Danny Sullivan visits USA TODAY.  (Photo: Jefferson Graham) Finally, Sullivan recommends upgrading to a pay plan, to ensure that you always have access to your originals. Google says the resolution is only slightly lowered, but "I'm a purist," says Sullivan. "These are your photos. You want to be able to get the originals back." Google charges $120 a year for 1 TB of storage. Apple charges $120 yearly for the iCloud backup service, while Dropbox charges $99 to Microsoft's OneDrive $84. Apple's Photo app in IOS 10 uses facial recognition to pull all the photos of specific people together into one place.  (Photo: Apple) --ICloud and Photos.  Apple's iCloud back up program keeps the image at full resolution, but you only get 5 gigabytes of free storage, which goes fast. Five GB is roughly 2,500 photos shot at 2 MB resolution. To use iCloud correctly, you'll need to pay for the upgrade. What is free for all are way better organizational features. In the new IOS 10 mobile operating system upgrade, Apple has installed Google Photos like organization tools to tag images and automatically create albums based on your shoots. Like Google, Apple now has facial recognition tools as well, but they're pretty hidden. Open a photo, click the Details tab, and you'll see a "People" section. Click that, and Apple will show you all the photos you've taken of that person. It also creates little photo albums, using the EXIF data from the smartphone, themed by the city where you shot the images. These are fun features worth exploring. --Lightroom Adobe's $10 monthly desktop software offers tools to catalog and organize your photos into folders and collections. I recently backup my entire year's worth of iPhone photos--32 GB strong--and put them on an external hard drive, then imported everything into Lightroom so I would know where all the images were. I was able to create multiple folders --me and the wife, the son, the three of us, with mom, visit to brother, our trip to New York, in manual ways Google and Apple could never dream of. Meanwhile, for shutterbugs, take note: there's a new update of the free Lightroom mobile app, which lets you add star ratings and flags to keep track of your keepers. With the app, you can also shoot in a higher resolution photo format, saving the image in DNG format, which offers tools in Lightroom to adjust exposure, white balance and other attributes when shot on the smartphone. The update is available on IOS 10, Apple's mobile operating system upgrade, and works with the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, as well as the 6 and 6S models as well. Follow Jefferson Graham on Twitter, @jeffersongraham and listen to the #TalkingTech podcast daily on Stitcher and iTunes.  12 CONNECTTWEET 5 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cukeNv NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters This story is part of the series talking tech What's it like to walk the floor of CES? Watch. CES 2017: 5 cool showstoppers CES 2017: 5 gadgets that made me say wow
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business In Gear Chevy Bolt shows GM can compete in Silicon Valley, exec says Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe New UN chief calls for peace: What challenges will he face? Scientists develop 'Wolverine'-inspired material that heals itself Why is Dylann Roof rejecting his best defense against the death penalty? Language barriers still burden science, new study suggests The all-electric Chevy Bolt offers the highest rated range of any electric car that doesn't have a Tesla badge on it, at the super low starting price of $37,500. By John Voelcker, GreenCarReports September 17, 2016 Save for later Saved Journalists look over the 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV after it is unveiled during a General Motors keynote address at the 2016 CES trade show in Las Vegas. Steve Marcus/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Over the last five years, much has been written about autonomous-car efforts from Apple and Google. Could these two massively successful Silicon Valley startups overturn the established order in the global auto industry? The answer remains to be seen, but this month brought news that both companies are restructuring their efforts. Recommended: How much do you know about the auto industry's future? Apple has laid off a significant number of staff in a "reset" of its automotive Project Titan (an effort it's never formally acknowledged), according to reports by company followers. Test your knowledge How much do you know about the auto industry's future? Photos of the Day Our best photos of the year 2016 And Google has seen a longtime autonomous-vehicle researcher depart even as auto companies have launched incremental steps toward self-driving capabilities. Now, General Motors has weighed in with a suggestion that its 2017 Chevrolet Bolt EV electric car shows it can compete effectively with Silicon Valley. At last week's Citi Global Technology Conference in New York City, GM's executive chief engineer for electric vehicles, Pam Fletcher, discussed the role of the all-electric five-door hatchback. Rated at 238 miles of range by the EPA last week, the 2017 Bolt EV will enter production later this year and go on sale in initial markets, very likely in California. "Fletcher suggests the Bolt epitomizes GM’s metamorphosis," summarized trade publication Ward's Auto, "from an old-line manufacturing goliath into a Silicon Valley-like developer and builder of highly connected products and new mobility services, such as EVs, car-sharing, ride-sharing and ride-hailing." Indeed, the all-electric Bolt offers the highest rated range of any electric car that doesn't have a Tesla badge on it, at a starting price of $37,500. That's far lower than the luxury sedans and crossover utility vehicles now offered by Silicon Valley startup automaker Tesla Motors; they start at $70,000 and rise into six figures. That company has received almost 400,000 deposits of $1,000 apiece from potential buyers of its upcoming $35,000 Model 3, offering 215 miles of range. But that car is still a year away—and perhaps longer. GM clearly perceives Tesla and its sales of 100,000 or more electric cars as a serious threat. But the Bolt EV's role goes well beyond simply beating Tesla to the punch with an affordable longer-range electric car. Indeed, the car will be the testbed for autonomous driving technologies and likely ubiquitous in its Maven car-sharing service, and the Lyft ride-hailing program GM has invested in. General Motors also bought Cruise Automation, whose self-driving technologies will almost surely be tested in the Bolt EV. As Ward's notes, "The Bolt fits perfectly into those mobility services spaces, Fletcher says, because it seats five people comfortably, offers lots of cargo space for weekenders and day trippers, its footprint is relatively small and its smooth, quiet electric propulsion is ideal for urban areas." GM frequently uses the word "urban" to describe the Bolt EV and its likely uses, with its Volt plug-in hybrid hatchback assigned the role of long-distance transport for plug-in owners. The company said in January it has no plans to fund the installation of any DC fast-charging infrastructure that would permit the Bolt EV or any other all-electric vehicle to be used on long Interstate road trips. The Tesla Supercharger network of fast-charging sites operating at up to 150 kilowatts, on the other hand, provides a model for such a network. To date, however, the U.S. and German makers that have united behind the Combined Charging Standard (CCS) fast-charging protocols and hardware have shown no convincing plan for a network that would provide a similar capability. GM appears to be choosing which parts of Silicon Valley's automotive innovation it chooses to compete with—and which it prefers to ignore. The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best auto bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger, click here. To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link in the blog description box above. Next up Test your knowledge How much do you know about the auto industry's future? 2017 Chevrolet Volt (The Car Connection) 2017 Aston Martin Rapide S (The Car Connection) 2017 BMW X1 (The Car Connections) Print/Reprints About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The obvious Obamacare problem no one's talking about Behind Facebook Live attack, unseen scourge of crime against disabled Why 'Father of the 401(k)' says he regrets pushing the retirement plan Despite hard times for Macy’s and Sears, physical retail stores are booming Passcode Why doubts still cloud Russian hacking allegations Popular Now Inhabit What really happened during the supposed climate change 'hiatus'? The obvious Obamacare problem no one's talking about First Look What another ice shelf collapse might mean for Antarctica and the planet First Look Lending a fin: How US Navy dolphins are helping save endangered vaquitas Behind Facebook Live attack, unseen scourge of crime against disabled   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 01/06 Latest News Japanese company's AI hire signals coming wins for robots. What about the people? Doing Good Rural residents pool cash to save last local gathering places Movies 'Hidden Figures' is unoriginal but has an irresistible story Movies 'Toni Erdmann' is fitfully sharp and amusing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 07, 2017 9:30 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Top iPhone apps: ‘iMovie,’ ‘Bigo Live,’ ‘Monopoly,’ ‘Bottle Flip 2K16’ Saturday September 17, 2016 08:46 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Projek MMO: Guru dakwa mati pucuk tetap dipenjara Manchester City crushes woeful West Ham United 5-0 The Edit: Honda presents self-righting motorbike at CES Gunman kills five at Florida’s Ft Lauderdale airport Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Ayano Tominaga poses with her Apple's new iPhone 7 after purchasing it at the Apple Store at Tokyo's Omotesando shopping district September 16, 2016. Find out what the top apps for the iPhone 7 is. — Reuters pic SAN FRANCISCO, Sept 17 — Apple’s video editing software “iMovie,” video blogging platform “Bigo Live,” fast food chain promo Monopoly at Macca’s and virtual skill game Bottle Flip 2K16 are among the most downloaded free iPhone apps around the world for the week ending September 16, 2016. USA iMovie (Photo and Video) Apple’s video editing software for mobiles and tablets. Trailer templates, sharing functions, upgraded to include 3D touch compatibility. Usually US$4.99 but available for free as part of a promotion along with other apps in Apple’s own suite. itunes.apple.com/app/id1137673647 United Kingdom Bottle Flip 2K16 (Games) Inspired by the Senior Talent Show Water Bottle Flip as was Dude Perfect’s tricks compilation, this offers a water-free alternative. Ad-supported. itunes.apple.com/app/id1135657766 Australia Monopoly at Macca’s (Games) Licensed adaptation of popular board game Monopoly and distributed as part of a promotion for fast food chain McDonald’s. itunes.apple.com/app/id1137491018 China 贪吃蛇大作战 [~en. Snake War] (Games) One of 2015’s biggest games, cell-growing multiplayer Agario, is given a flourish as players try to grow their snakes and eventually eat other avatars. itunes.apple.com/app/id1120536875 Germany iMovie (Photo and Video) itunes.apple.com/app/id1137673647 France Bitmoji Keyboard (Utilities) Snapchat’s photo augmentation and avatar creation suite that allows users to create emojis—small cartoon images depicting a range of emotions and reactions. Additional props are available from US$0.99 USD. itunes.apple.com/app/id868077558 Canada iTunes U (Education) Over 1m free lectures and other course materials, plus more formalized university, school and college set-ups for students and instructors. itunes.apple.com/app/id490217893 South Korea 프렌즈사천성 for Kakao (Games) Tile matching game from South Korean internet company Kakao Corp, with multiple animal avatars, minigames, items to collect and unlock, and plentiful social features. A US$5.25 USD pack of virtual currency is currently the most popular in-app purchase. itunes.apple.com/app/id1144385160 Japan Gintama Kabukicho Daikatsugeki (Games) Turn-by-turn fighting adventure based on the Gin Tama animé and manga series, with a team to lead, various characters to recruit and yet more to battle against. The top in-app purchase is currently for a US$16.99 USD pack of virtual currency. itunes.apple.com/app/id1139996479 Singapore Bigo Live (Social Networking) Social networking app based on video streaming technology, which allows for live broadcasting, real-time interaction, and virtual gifts. The most popular IAP is for US$0.99 worth of credits. itunes.apple.com/app/id1077137248 Malaysia Bigo Live (Social Networking) itunes.apple.com/app/id1077137248 India MyJio (Productivity) From telecoms provide Reliance Jio, an app that connects users with their account balance, usage info, payments system, and a range of other official Jio apps. itunes.apple.com/app/id1074964262 Store rankings courtesy of App Annie. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 PogoCam debuts as 'world's smallest attachable eyewear camera' CES 2017: New apps, programmes to aid your workouts Game Boy Mach 2: Say hello to the Super Retro Boy! Facebook’s facial-recognition tool draws privacy protests Samsung Galaxy Note 7: The high-tech fiasco draws to a close Games of 2017: 10 names to remember for January and February China plans probes to the moon and Mars (VIDEO) Tech show looks beyond 'smart,' to new 'realities' The rise of a robotic dawn in Singapore’s service industry Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Jason Momoa stars in ‘Frontier’ Reuters Video: Trump orders Obama's envoys out by inauguration day Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Reuters Video: Man survives Turkey nightclub attack by pretending to be dead HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Related Articles ‘Pokemon Go’ tops Google searches of the year So, is it worth asking Santa for an iPhone 7 (or 7 Plus)? Three iPhones may be coming next year, analyst claims Apple says AirPod shipments to be delayed In China, some Apple users opt for iPhone makeover rather than buy new Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 9/17/2016 7:12 AM Review: Don't worry, Apple hasn't ruined the iPhone Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close The Apple iPhone 7 can withstand about three feet of water for up to 30 minutes. But that is certainly not recommended. (AP Photo/Anick Jesdanun)   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     With the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple has taken a risk by, well, not changing very much. We've become accustomed to getting something new and impressive from Apple every two years, but these phones are more renovation than revelation. But, theatrics aside, the question that really matters is are these phones worth buying? Apple provided me with an iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, in its two new shades of black. The firm also gave me a SIM card to use while reviewing the devices. Here's what I found out. Design, storage and performance Most of the noticeable changes are under the hood, but there are aesthetic changes worth noting. The new black finishes are nice to look at, particularly the shiny jet black. The jet black finish, though, is a fingerprint magnet. But at the end of the day, many people are likely to cover the finishes up with cases. As far as weight and width, the phones feel about the same as their predecessors, though you can tell they're a hair lighter if you directly compare the new phones to the old ones. Apple also redesigned the home button to be a button in name only; it's now a pressure-sensitive disc that uses vibrations to feel like a button. Users can customize the strength of the buzz to make it feel more or less clicky. The faux button, particularly on the lowest setting, can feel a little muddy, and at first, I really didn't like how it felt. But after two days and some adjusted settings, I almost didn't notice anymore. One improvement could be a big deal to every iPhone user who's ever complained about running out of space or missed a critical photo because they didn't have room on their phone to take it. Apple has doubled the storage on the base models of the new iPhones, which finally brings Apple up to par with its closest competitors in this area. A base model iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus now has 32 GB of storage instead of 16 GB. You can only get a jet black iPhone with either 128 GB or 256 GB of storage. And those who may have worried that they weren't going to get a speed or processing boost from the iPhone 6 or the iPhone 6S can rest easy. Apps load snappily and without lag. How much water can these phones stand? Apple redesigned the home button in part to make the phone more water resistant. The phone can withstand about three feet of water for up to 30 minutes. But that is certainly not recommended. Although the iPhone is able to withstand a quick dip in the sink or (as can happen) in the toilet, it's not exactly waterproof. It has a lower water resistance rating than Samsung's Galaxy S7 line, which delights in showing off its resistance to water fountains and champagne in its commercials. Basically, all Apple's water resistance means is that you don't have to weep if your phone falls in a puddle. (Dropping my units in the sink was a serious test of my nerves.) But if these phones get wet, you still can't completely brush that off. Apple, in fact, recommends that you don't plug the phone in for several hours if the power port takes a bath. Battery life Both phones have been designed to improve battery life, with the inclusion of two efficiency processing cores alongside Apple's existing performance cores, which allow the phone to use less power for the same processes. The iPhone 7 Plus is supposed to be a battery powerhouse, with Apple claiming it will get an hour more of battery life compared with the iPhone 6S Plus. In practical terms, both of the new phones can easily make it through a day of regular use without a problem. In my use, the iPhone 7 Plus could have lasted into the next morning if needed. But battery-intensive features such as following directions on a map would still probably have you reaching for the power cord sometime before bed. Overall, when it comes to performance, if you upgrade from the iPhone 6 or earlier, you will feel a big boost that may be worth the money. But iPhone 6S users can probably sit this upgrade out; the improvements aren't that big, unless you're really into upgrading your iPhone's camera. Lights, camera, action The camera is definitely the part of the iPhone that received the most attention in these upgrades. Apple now includes four flashes instead of two, meaning that, yes, you can have twice as much flash to take pictures as before. Apple also added features that prevent you from taking pictures that are too shaky. Real photography fanatics may want the iPhone 7 Plus. The larger iPhone has a dual-camera, which has a normal wide-angle lens and a second lens that Apple refers to as a "telephoto" lens that improves the camera's ability to take close-up pictures. The zoom feature on the Plus is impressive. Apple has made it possible to zoom in up to 10x with the camera for photos, and 6x for videos at a much higher quality. It's not perfect resolution that close, but it can be pretty good, even at night. Users can also take panoramic photos at 2x zoom for the first time. On both phones, low light photography has been improved significantly over even the iPhone 6S, thanks to improved software and hardware that takes in more light and takes good pictures even if your hands are not steady. Apple also made changes to its speakers. The new iPhones produce more sound from their now-stereo speakers, making it noticeably better to listen to music and play games when you're not in a place that requires headphones, or when you want to share content with others nearby. About that headphone jack Not everything about these phones is all sunshine. The removal of the headphone jack -- although not quite the apocalyptic event that many people seem to think it is -- has serious drawbacks for consumer convenience. In terms of sound quality, I didn't notice any great difference between the lightning headphones and the standard headphones that came with my last iPhone. While playing games and listening to music, they performed about the same to my ear. But while things don't change much if you're using Apple products, the truth remains that the whole world is not made of Apple products. If you're flying on a plane, for example, and only have your Lightning or Bluetooth headphones on hand, you'll be out of luck for watching any in-flight movies unless you want to buy another cable. Ditto if you use your audio jack to plug into your car. Apple includes a headphone jack adapter in every box, and the adapter fits snugly on the end of a normal pair of earphones without too much trouble. Even when I yanked the headphones out of the bottom of the phone, the adapter held tight to the headphone cord. That said, throwing an adapted headphone cord in my bag did pull them apart, making me worry about how easy it could be to lose the adapter. Conclusion In almost any other case, on almost any other phone, the loss of the headphone jack would be a deal-breaker, even with the excellent changes to other parts of the phone. But this is the iPhone, and with iOS, Apple has built an overall ecosystem that's hard to leave. So potential buyers have to think, first and foremost, about whether it will be more annoying to switch over to an Android phone with a port, or to have to use an adapter on planes and in cars over the next few years. For some, the loss of the headphone jack may make it feel like Apple made the iPhone actively worse. Those with the iPhone 6 or earlier will feel best about updating; iPhone 6S users can probably take or leave the update, based on the level of upgrades. But overall, I'd say Apple's performance improvements, particularly to the camera, on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus make these phones feel like more of an upgrade than it seems on paper. For me, at least, the updates ultimately edge out the cons. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Primary Mobile Navigation BLACK FRIDAY News Wearables Smart Home Virtual Reality Fitness & Sport Health Reviews Contact Us Categories Wearables Smart Home Fitness & Sport News Reviews Virtual Reality Smart Watch Health General Photography & Camera Gaming Toys Augmented Reality Finance Interviews About Us Meet The Team Editorial Promise Hot Topics Jawbone UP3 vs Fitbit Charge HR Best Running Watch – Garmin Forerunner 15 Vs. TomTom Runner Apple Watch Accessories Best Fitness Tracker Best GPS Running Watch Contact Us Advertising Secondary Navigation Categories Wearables Smart Home Fitness & Sport News Reviews Virtual Reality Smart Watch Health General Photography & Camera Gaming Toys Augmented Reality Finance Interviews About Us Meet The Team Editorial Promise Hot Topics Jawbone UP3 vs Fitbit Charge HR Best Running Watch – Garmin Forerunner 15 Vs. TomTom Runner Apple Watch Accessories Best Fitness Tracker Best GPS Running Watch Contact Us Advertising Primary Navigation BLACK FRIDAY News 40 Christmas Gifts for 2016 – Tech ‘n Geek Edition The Best Tech For Christmas 2016 Christmas is almost upon us once again, an.. Read More+ Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals – Wearables, Smart Home and More Kickstart Your Shopping The day after American Thanksgiving is, for all int.. Read More+ The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 – Lost no More Last updated: November 4th 2016 Let’s talk about cats, not about a GP.. Read More+ 45 Best “Works With Nest” Devices – Smart Home on Steroids Works With Nest – Smart Devices, Smart Homes Nest is one of the bigge.. Read More+ Is WeChat The App We All Need? For anyone who has ever taken an interest in Chinese social media you’.. Read More+ Wearables 13 Product Trends from Wearable Technology in Fashion Wearable technology and fashion is a marriage that has bloomed beautifully .. Read More+ Top 10 Stylish Tech Accessories – Geek Out in Style 2016 Stylish tech accessories are the results of a confluence between technology.. Read More+ Sound by Human: Extraordinary Audio Sound System While Sound may be easily mistaken for wireless headphones, the device is a.. Read More+ Review: Sudio Wireless Earphones Whether its for your commute, you gym session, or just blocking out the off.. Read More+ 5 Stages of Owning a Fitness Tracker Told Through Movie Titles Ever wish your life was just like the movies? The fitness tracker craze is .. Read More+ Smart Home 5 Smart Home Technology Gadgets That Will Leave You Spellbound The use of progressive actuators has been a success in producing smart home.. Read More+ 45 Best “Works With Nest” Devices – Smart Home on Steroids Works With Nest – Smart Devices, Smart Homes Nest is one of the bigge.. Read More+ 10 Ways Halloween is Getting Smart This Year Ghosts of Halloweens Past Halloween used to be a simple affair. You’d carve.. Read More+ 4 Technologies Every Entrepreneur Should Know About If you consider yourself an entrepreneur, then you’ll know how crucia.. Read More+ Google Event: Everything We Know So Far Google has announced an array of new products at there Pixel Event yesterda.. Read More+ Virtual Reality Dlodlo V1: Is This The VR Experience We’ve All Been Waiting For? There has been much coverage of this VR product back in August of this year.. Read More+ Google Event: Everything We Know So Far Google has announced an array of new products at there Pixel Event yesterda.. Read More+ 10 Best VR Headsets and Glasses in 2016 Virtual reality or VR headsets have dramatic price variations. When you sta.. Read More+ Kids and VR – 4 Shocking Reasons Virtual Reality Is Bad For Your Eyes It seems like every new technology comes with fears to discourage or slow d.. Read More+ Smartest Cities In The World WHAT MAKES A CITY ‘SMART’? What does the term ‘smart city’ mean to you? Mos.. Read More+ Fitness & Sport £12 or £80? Xiaomi Mi Band vs. Misfit Ray Entry Level at Two Price Points The Xiaomi Mi Band and the Misfit Ray are b.. Read More+ A Waterproof Fitbit Flex 2 Makes a Splash Brand Spanking New The recently released Flex 2 from Fitbit may share a nam.. Read More+ Best Heads Up Display Glasses For Cycling 2016 All sorts of wearables have dominated the tech industry this year. A lot of.. Read More+ How Is Fitbit Doing? Is The Company Fit For The Long Run? By introducing mass-available, fashionable tech gadgets cum accessories tha.. Read More+ GoTrak105 Review: Fitness Tracking, Aussie Style gotrak105 – The Tracker from Down Under The gotrak105 is getting atte.. Read More+ Health Top 3 Electric Toothbrushes To Check Out In 2016 For Better Oral Health Nowadays, there are a number of electric toothbrushes to choose from. This .. Read More+ New Technology in Sports Medicine – 8 Most Impactful Inventions 2017 Athletes are some of the most injury-prone individuals. Strenuous physical .. Read More+ 10 Life-Saving Remote Health Monitoring Technologies that are Emerging Remote health monitoring (RHM), more commonly referred to as remote patient.. Read More+ 8 Awesome Upcoming Health Technologies – How to Become Superhuman In many ways, the advancement of healthcare is a trustworthy indicator of h.. Read More+ Can Smartwatches Cause Cancer? New technologies have always sparked new health fears, but when The New Yor.. Read More+ Reviews Review: Sudio Wireless Earphones Whether its for your commute, you gym session, or just blocking out the off.. Read More+ Pacsafe Anti-theft Bagpack Review WHO IS PACSAFE? Pacsafe was created by Outpac Designs Limited, ran by two A.. Read More+ Kito Health Tracker Review FITNESS TRACKER OR HEALTH TRACKER: WHATS THE DIFFERENCE? With the popularit.. Read More+ Punkt Desktop Charger Review WHO IS PUNKT? Punkt, established in 2008 by Petter Neby, was brought into t.. Read More+ Battle of the Heavyweight Trackers: Jawbone UP3 vs Fitbit Charge HR Ask any average technology user what the most popular fitness tracking devi.. Read More+ Contact Us HTC One Watch: What to Expect from the Upcoming Smartwatch Max on September 17, 2016 at 5:00 am 2 HTC One smartwatch has faced numerous launch delays since it was reported in 2014. But just after two months, reports surfaced that HTC had killed off the project owing to rising costs of building the watch and strong competition from big brands like Samsung and Motorola. Towards the end of 2015, it was again reported that HTC was reviving the project. Everyone anticipated a launch in early 2016. Obviously, that did not happen and we are still waiting for the smartwatch as 2016 almost wraps up. At least the Taiwanese company does not seem to have killed off the project this time so there are high hopes that it could still see the light of day. As we await the HTC One smartwatch, perhaps before the end of 2016, let us recap what we already know about it while also speculating a bit on what features it might have. If you have anything to add, feel free to leave a comment below. HTC One Smartwatch Design Design was one of the major reasons HTC has repeatedly delayed its smartwatch project. Reports indicated that the company was not satisfied that the design they had come up with was unique enough to stand out in a crowded smartwatch market. Specs on the upcoming HTC One smartwatch are sparse but rumors are that it will take on a round shape with a 360X360 display resolution. More and more brands seem to prefer the rounded style to Apple’s signature blocky shape. Huawei, Samsung and Garmin all have come up with some sleek round smartwatches hoping to beat the more popular Apple Watch. It therefore makes a lot of sense for HTC One to go with a round watch face. This is not to mean that it is a safe choice. There is some severe competition when it comes to rounded timepieces. Samsung Gear S2 and the recently released S3 have the highly praised rotating bezel that creates an unbeatable user experience. When it comes to display, the Huawei Watch is best in class. For luxury, nothing beats Garmin Fenix Chronos. What exactly will HTC, with another round smartwatch, bring into the market? This, as we will see later, is one of the hazards of delaying too much when new technology is abuzz. By the time HTC comes round to launching its own smart wearable, brands like Samsung and Huawei will have already stolen the spotlight. Unless they can push the boundaries and create something truly amazing then they will be regarded as just another Huawei/Samsung copycat. HTC devices are generally well designed. Their Smartphones feature all-metal builds, something we expect to be replicated in the smartwatch. We also expect premium bands, maybe leather or steel. Chances are that users will be able to customize the look by switching among different bands, perhaps even third party ones. There really is not much we can say about the HTC One smartwatch design. We just have to wait until the company confirms that the smartwatch is indeed in the plans and give a solid release date. In the meantime, we can only hope that the technicians at HTC have taken the time to learn from the successes and failures of other smartwatches. Given these many delays to the smartwatch, we expect nothing short of amazing. Features As we mentioned before, we are speculating on most of these features based on the scattered reports available and our own educated guesses. So take them with a grain of salt. 1. A fitness-focused watch? It is essential for HTC to find a niche in the market where the smartwatch will fit and gain market recognition. Apple Watch is a premium smartwatch with a balance of “smartwatch” and fitness features. Pebble Time and the soon to be launched Pebble Time 2 are smartwatches focused on fitness and health tracking. Samsung Gear S2 is a mid-range smartwatch for people looking for a good quality wearable at a reasonable price. Where will HTC One fall? One area they could go into is fitness. It is an already crowded field but they could differentiate themselves enough to stand out. If they can offer premium smartwatch features (connectivity, music control, apps, notifications etc) while also providing a great fitness tracking platform, they could create an appealing timepiece. But if they are to get into fitness, it is either all or nothing. The watch has to have the full range of fitness features including step counting, sleep tracking, heart beat monitor, accelerometer and so on. Another must-have is GPS. Apple Watch, shockingly, left out GPS in its debut smartwatch, but added it to the Series 2. HTC should avoid a similar mistake. GPS has the downside of draining battery life. But the upside is that they appeal to both ordinary joggers and serious fitness enthusiasts. HTC Healthbox Getting into health and fitness should not be too hard for HTC considering they already have some experience in that area. In early 2016, a collaboration between HTC and Under Armour led to the HealthBox. The HealthBox is a package consisting of a fitness tracking band (UA Band), a smart scale (UA Scale) and a chest strap for heart rate monitoring (UA Heart Rate). The issue of a fitness-focused watch is a dilemma. On one hand, everyone is doing it and it will take a lot to really stand out, essentially making it a gamble. On the other hand, a watch with few or no fitness features is pretty much useless. Who said making a smartwatch people want to buy is easy? 2. Android Wear or Proprietary OS? This is another big question that we are pretty sure we have the answer to. HTC One is highly likely to be an Android Wear Smartwatch. The reason for this is simple. HTC currently does not have its own proprietary operating system. All its Smartphones come equipped with Android. Considering that HTC One will be an advanced full-featured smartwatch, it makes a lot of sense to opt for Android Wear. If it were something as pared down as Pebble (which does not use Android Wear), then they could probably develop their own OS. Samsung’s Tizen Only Samsung has stuck to its own OS but that is because they already had Tizen to begin with. Developing a new operating system takes a lot of time, work and resources. Samsung has been at it for years, HTC not so much. They will not suddenly start diverting precious resources towards creating an OS that might not even work well. And it is not just about creating an operating system but also creating apps and encouraging developers to create apps for the new platform. There is also the small issue of Android Wear being the dominant OS for smartwatches. Tizen, as well known as it is, has faced market resistance. HTC cannot even hope to create a smartwatch OS that overcomes Android Wear. Google’s Android Wear has always been the safe choice for smartwatch makers that want their products to sell. Android Wear, despite early hiccups, has been coming along quite nicely. In the recent release of the second version of the wearable OS, Google made it possible for android wear devices to connect to iPhones in addition to many other improvements. By going with Android Wear, the HTC One smartwatch is more likely to sell well than if they decide to load it with a proprietary OS. 3. Other Specs We expect the smartwatch to carry most basic specs found in most smartwatches today. Below we outline some of the specs that have been reported as well as those that are likely to be included in the smartwatch. Basic Specs Color variety. HTC One Smartwatch will likely come in a variety of colors, most likely three. Some reported varieties include teal, black or blue and lime. Removable bands. To enable further customization, the smartwatch might feature removable bands that can be switched with the company’s own or third party straps. IPX7 waterproof rating. It is likely that the watch will be designed to withstand the accidental splash or light rain but not a dunk in the swimming pool. Additionally it will have an average dust proof rating. It will feature Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon chip. HTC and Qualcomm have had a long and close relationship and it is unlikely that the smartwatch will feature anything but a Qualcomm-made processor. At least 1GB in RAM and 4GB in internal memory. These have become the standard features for smartwatches. Anything below this and the smartwatch will not be as competitive as HTC desires. If they want an edge, they could go with 2GB in RAM to improve speed and overall user experience. They could also increase the internal memory to allow users to store more music and apps on the watch. Standard 1-2 day battery life. We have yet to see a full featured smartwatch exceeding 2 days of battery life and it is unlikely that the HTC One smartwatch will either. Unless they cut back on some features like GPS and include a lower quality display, users will have to contend with the now-standard dismal battery life. But it would really give them an edge if they could find a way to increase battery life to at least 3 days without downgrading on any feature. Unexpected Features These are basic specs that are in almost every smartwatch. Considering how cautious HTC seems to be in entering the smartwatch market, they could be preparing to come out with some unexpected features to guarantee strong sales. One feature they could include is 3G capability. This will allow the smartwatch to enjoy a higher level of independence from Smartphones. Users will be able to receive emails and notifications without being connected to a Smartphone. The company could go for shock and awe and include a front facing camera on the smartwatch. This can be used to take selfies and video communication. This is highly unlikely but with competition heating up so much, you never know. 4. HTC Smartwatch Pricing Despite HTC’s best efforts to create an excellent smartwatch, the eventual pricing will decide its success. Remember that HTC is not Apple or Samsung. There are Samsung and Apple fans that would by anything the companies spit out regardless of the price. For HTC, pricing is a major determiner of success. It will depend on what kind of watch they create. Reading from how they price their phones, the HTC One smartwatch is most likely to be a mid-range smartwatch in the same range as Samsung Gear S2. We expect a smartwatch starting at around $250. It is possible that there will be a number of watches with different price points. The cheapest could start at $250 with a standard one costing $300 and a luxury one starting at $400. The price will vary mostly based on the body type and bands of each variant. 5. HTC One possible launch date Among the many things we have speculated on in regards to HTC One smartwatch, we are least sure about this one. The date has been pushed forward so many times that no one is sure when the watch is going to come out. It started in 2014, then a launch date of early 2015 was reported, then late 2015 and then early 2016. There is a major HTC event coming up on September 20, where the company is expected to announce the new HTC Desire 10. There is no news on whether the smartwatch will be announced then, so we just have to wait. But time is running out for HTC. They have to launch either by the end of 2016 or very early 2017. Otherwise, they are looking at a situation where a much-hyped HTC One smartwatch loses its appeal with a market that has been waiting forever. Time Running Out for the HTC Smartwatch Financial reasons are being speculated as the major reason why the smartwatch keeps on being delayed. Not long ago, HTC was one of the top Android manufacturers. But things have gone downhill in recent times, with brands like Huawei, LG and Samsung taking more and more of the Android market share. The company was even forced to downsize to prevent a disastrous fallout. This could explain why the smartwatch has been delayed again and again. HTC, in its current financial status and facing high development costs, cannot afford to create a losing product. But if they hope to make hay with the HTC One smartwatch, time is running out on them. Which feature would you like to see in the HTC One Smartwatch? Leave your comments below. See recommended smartwatches on Amazon Sony SmartWatch 3 CHECK PRICE Apple Watch Series 2 CHECK PRICE Pebble 2 CHECK PRICE Huawei Watch CHECK PRICE Categories Smart Watch Tagged htc 2 Author Max Max is the Senior Editor at Appcessories and a regular contributor with a keen eye on new inventions and is always one step ahead when it comes to technology. Previous Article 19 Best Moto 360 Apps - You'll Definitely Need These Next Article Blocks Modular Smartwatch: A Look At The Smartwatch of the Future There is 1 comment Add yours Rickey Watson on 14 October, 2016 at 16:29 Reply The Smartwatches are the new face of the future tech that one cannot simply ignore. Here is the top upcoming smartwatches in 2016 and the expectations are high for the next generation smartwatches from the user end. Post a new comment Cancel reply Comment Name Email Url Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Popular Posts Today Week Month All 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 1 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 2 The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 - Lost no More 3 10 Internet of Things Companies to Watch in 2017 4 Is Apple Watch Compatible With Android? 5 Garmin Fenix 4: Rumors, Features, Price and Release Date 1 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 2 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 3 The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 - Lost no More 4 Is Apple Watch Compatible With Android? 5 Garmin Fenix 4: Rumors, Features, Price and Release Date 1 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 2 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 3 Is Apple Watch Compatible With Android? 4 Turn it Up! The 11 Loudest BlueTooth Speakers 2016 5 Garmin Fenix 4: Rumors, Features, Price and Release Date 1 The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 - Lost no More 2 Sony Smartwatch 4 - Features, Release Date, Price, Review 3 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 4 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 5 Latest Reviews Garmin Vivofit 2 Review – Features and Omissions 8.4 Fitbit Surge Review – Opt for a Garmin Instead 6.8 Lumo Lift Review – Your Secret Weapon Towards Better Health 8.2 Pacsafe Anti-theft Bagpack Review 8.5 Kito Health Tracker Review 8.3 Latest Posts 10 Internet of Things Companies to Watch in 2017 Uncategorized 26 Dec 3 3 6 Predictions for The Future of Big Data General 25 Dec 1 2 13 Product Trends from Wearable Technology in Fashion Wearables 24 Dec 0 1 40 Christmas Gifts for 2016 – Tech ‘n Geek Edition General 19 Dec 0 1 We Are Social Recent Posts 10 Internet of Things Companies to Watch in 2017 6 Predictions for The Future of Big Data 13 Product Trends from Wearable Technology in Fashion 40 Christmas Gifts for 2016 – Tech ‘n Geek Edition Cronovo Smartwatch – The World’s Smallest EKG Follow us on TwitterMy Tweets Follow Us On Instagram Load More... Follow on Instagram 0 Jan 5 Dec 8 Nov 48 Oct 38 Sep 36 Aug 27 Jul 23 Jun 11 May 8 Apr 24 Mar 8 Feb Back to Top Latest Posts 10 Internet of Things Companies to Watch in 2017 Uncategorized 26 Dec 3 3 6 Predictions for The Future of Big Data General 25 Dec 1 2 13 Product Trends from Wearable Technology in Fashion Wearables 24 Dec 0 1 40 Christmas Gifts for 2016 – Tech ‘n Geek Edition General 19 Dec 0 1 Follow us Awards Appcessories.co.uk is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising programme designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk. Today Week Month All 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 1 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 2 The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 - Lost no More 3 10 Internet of Things Companies to Watch in 2017 4 Is Apple Watch Compatible With Android? 5 Garmin Fenix 4: Rumors, Features, Price and Release Date 1 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 2 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 3 The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 - Lost no More 4 Is Apple Watch Compatible With Android? 5 Garmin Fenix 4: Rumors, Features, Price and Release Date 1 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 2 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 3 Is Apple Watch Compatible With Android? 4 Turn it Up! The 11 Loudest BlueTooth Speakers 2016 5 Garmin Fenix 4: Rumors, Features, Price and Release Date 1 The Best GPS Tracker for Cats 2016 - Lost no More 2 Sony Smartwatch 4 - Features, Release Date, Price, Review 3 45 Best "Works With Nest" Devices - Smart Home on Steroids 4 10 Best Cheap Smartwatches for Under £100 5 © 2016 Appcessories | All rights reserved. Wearables, Smart Home & Internet of Things Fitness & Sport Smart Home Smart Watch Health Toys Wearables Interviews Reviews Privacy Policy This site uses cookies: Find out more.Okay, thanks
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 72° Few Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest State considering plan to build a $500K crossing for Hanakapiai Stream Posted: January 06, 2017 - 1:45 am HANAKAPIAI — The state has only received a handful of written comments on the draft environmental assessment addressing a bridge over the Hanakapiai Stream in Kauai’s Napali Coast State Wilderness Park. Comments (3) Rising to the ‘Challenge’ Posted: January 06, 2017 - 1:10 am LIHUE — Randie Peters tried three times, and the third time was the clincher because Peters was declared the winner of the national Make-A-Wish Plank Challenge, said his wife Kathy. Comments (0) Recent Teachers association leader questions strategic plan Concert to benefit Kauai Hospice NTBG looking for a few good volunteers Kapaa Pool closed Saturday Obituaries for Friday, Jan. 6, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Golden opportunity Posted: January 06, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — Some of the island’s young swimmers got the chance to learn from an athlete who’s reached the highest peaks in the sport. Comments (0) Own goal for the win Posted: January 06, 2017 - 1:00 am Photo by Dennis Fujimoto Comments (0) Recent Red Raiders defend home court Voyagers score late equalizer Paea pushes Kapaa over the top Foss scores — twice! Finn hopes to be shark at World Juniors Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest New start, new goals! Posted: January 04, 2017 - 12:15 am Are you amazed at how fast this year went by? I certainly am! Comments (0) We are sovereigns of our own minds Posted: January 04, 2017 - 12:15 am I always cheer for the spies who are able to resist the temptation to spill their secrets. It’s not because I want to be a spy, but because I appreciate that no one can get into our heads if we don’t want them to. We are the absolute sovereigns of our own minds. That has good and bad consequences. The best is that we can think for ourselves. The worst is that sometimes, that thinking isn’t helpful and we become reluctant to change even when it is in our highest good to do so. Comments (0) Recent High hopes for the new year Having a ball at work Planning for a new generation Births for Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017 Talk Story with Sylvia Woods Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Jannik Evanoff wins competition and will at the second International Music Festival for Young Musicians Posted: January 06, 2017 - 1:15 am PUHI — A young island musician will represent America before an international audience this spring. Comments (0) 3 words for Bamboo Sushi: Generous, delicious, reasonable Posted: January 06, 2017 - 1:05 am LIHUE — Even if you aren’t the biggest fan of sushi, there’s sure to be a dish that will satisfy your cravings at Bamboo Sushi. Comments (0) Recent Art walk Learn to seize the day TGIFr!day for January 6, 2017 Steelgrass Chocolate Farm offers educational cacao, exotic fruit tours The Poipu Beach Resort Association is putting on its annual New Year’s Celebration Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News Local Upgrade i upgrade Crowds on Kauai wait in lines to purchase tech giant’s latest must-have device, the iPhone 7 Story Comments Image (2) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Alden Alayvilla / The Garden Island Upgrade1 Iesha Kubo-Medeiros, Jhordan Buyat and Trish Kamakea set up Buyat's 256 gigabyte iPhone 7 at the Lihue AT&T store on Friday. Alden Alayvilla / The Garden Island Upgrade Lihue AT&T store manager Debra Marshall tries out the iPhone 7 on Friday. Posted: Saturday, September 17, 2016 1:15 am i upgrade Alden Alayvilla — The Garden Island The Garden Island Newspaper | 0 comments It’s been about two years since Jhordan Buyat upgraded to a new phone. But the Kekaha resident can now download as many games as he wants and listen to his music with wireless earphones on his new iPhone 7. “There’s a bigger screen, the picture quality is good, and I like how fast it is,” he said. “There are too many steps to go on one app on one Android. Apple is a good brand.” Buyat and his girlfriend, Iesha Kubo-Medeiros, were among dozens of customers who visited AT&T in Lihue Friday for the launch date of Apple’s newest smartphone Debra Marshall, AT&T store manager, said about 15 people lined up outside before the phone carrier opened at 9 a.m. Friday. “For people to sit outside and wait to bring us their business, that’s just awesome,” she said. “It is busier than normal today because it’s the iPhone launch.” The Kekaha couple did not pre-order Buyat’s phone, but Marshall said the AT&T store has “a decent stock” of the smartphone. Buyat coughed up about $850 for his 256 gigabyte upgrade. His new smartphone will also allow the Waimea grad to have a better playing experience on one of his favorite games — Pokemon Go. “(On my iPhone 5), the screen is so small. When I try to curve the ball, my finger slides off the phone. It’s time for an upgrade,” he said. With the release of the phone, Apple’s stock rose for the fourth consecutive day on Thursday, up 12 percent this week on growing optimism about early sales of its newest phone. The technology company soared in share prices, jumping from $103 on Wednesday to $115 Thursday. The newest improvements made by Apple include a water-resistant feature, louder speakers, a brighter screen, a 12-megapixel camera with optical image stabilization and a faster processor. Storage has also doubled from past phones. The entry-level models now have 32 gigabytes compared to its predecessors with 16. Additionally, Apple said the new phones add an hour or two more of battery life. Iesha Kubo-Medeiros, who owns an iPhone 6, plans on upgrading to the 7S as soon as it’s available on the Garden Isle. “I get one every year it comes out. I don’t ever stay with the same phone,” she said. “I like the picture quality. I like to take pictures that’s why. It’s fast, and everything about it is just very good. I’m a phone junkie, so I love my iPhones.” AT&T officials said lines were longer at the Lihue store last year with the release of the 6S. They said lines extended around the building. One reason why lines were shorter this year is because of pre-order sales, store employees said. “That started on Aug. 9, and (sales have) been steady ever since then,” Marshall said. “I don’t know of any other phone where people will sit outside and wait. If I didn’t work, I’d be waiting outside.” The Lihue store, however, did not carry the 7S and the new jet black-colored iPhone 7. Marshall said a nationwide delay is to blame, but assured customers they plan on carrying those models in the near future. Last week, the technology powerhouse unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7S in San Francisco. Entry-level models begin at $650 for the 7 and $770 for the 7S. They come in silver, gold, rose gold, black and the new jet-black finish. Older iPhones will get price reductions, and last year’s models are also getting double the storage. The latest software update — iOS 10 — which came out last Tuesday, adds more intelligence to Apple services ••• The Associated Press contributed to this story. © 2017 Thegardenisland.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Discuss Print   Posted in Local on Saturday, September 17, 2016 1:15 am. Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Online poll Do you support Bill No. 2635, which allows the sale of alcohol at the Wailua Golf Course via roving concessions? Total Votes: 17 Yes 3 18% No 13 76% Maybe 1 6% Loading… Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories 3 ironwood trees poisoned, dying by Lae Nani condominiums Kauai’s first baby of 2017 was born in the comfort of his new home Fire guts Hanapepe home, no one injured Kauai residents voice concerns, optimisms with ferry system Lihue Airport in line for $18M All Kauai residents voice concerns, optimisms with ferry system (30) Time for council to put health above politics (19) 3 ironwood trees poisoned, dying by Lae Nani condominiums (15) State unveils pesticide plan (14) KCC group attacks illegal dumping (13) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.

By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Apple just killed one of the best battery saving hacks for your iPhone TechCrunch Jon Russell 17/09/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Mystery object hurtling towards Earth 'could be a comet' Five people killed in Florida airport shooting © Reuters A customer tries on a new iPhone 7 Plus in Australian's flagship Apple store in Sydney, September 16, 2016 as the iPhone 7 range goes on sale for the first time. There’s plenty to like about iOS 10 — assuming that it didn’t brick your iPhone or iPad — but you probably didn’t know that Apple has quietly killed off one of the neatest — and least-known — battery life hacks. If you’re anything like me and want to squeeze as much juice as possible from your iPhone’s battery (without carrying around an external power pack — which too needs to be charged) then you might switch the location/GPS setting off. That one thing — alongside conservative use of Bluetooth and WiFi — is endorsed by people who know Apple best for extending battery life, but it is frustrating. Having to dive into the settings menu and find the ‘location services’ option for the time you actually need GPS for Google Maps, Yelp, etc, is a major pain, while that option isn’t part of the swipe-up menu where you can access WiFi, Bluetooth and other settings . That’s where Launcher, an app that lets you slip app shortcuts into the pull-down ‘Notification’ center, comes into play. It is essentially a quick way to launch not only apps, but also system settings such the ‘Location Services’ menu where you toggle GPS/location on and off. One swipe down and a tap is an easy way to switch off the GPS setting and conserve a lot of your power. Unfortunately, iOS 10 has removed the option to include system settings inside launcher apps, so this masterful battery hack no longer exists. “Apple has released the iOS 10 final candidate and they did not restore this functionality and these system apps are still not launchable. This is disappointing, but it is still possible that Apple could restore this functionality in an update to iOS 10 in the future,” Cromulent Labs, the company behind Launcher, explained in a blog post. The company said it is “not sure that Apple understands how many users are relying on this functionality,” and it is urging users affected to provide the iPhone-maker with feedback to encourage a change. Launcher, and other similar services like Launch Center Pro and Workflow, are still great apps that will make you more productive on your iPhone or iPad, so if you’re into multitasking then you should definitely look them up. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from TechCrunch Samsung’s new Chromebooks get Google Play access and a stylus TechCrunch Acer’s Predator 21 X gaming laptop with a curved screen is currently unlike anything else TechCrunch Tesla and the cobalt conundrum TechCrunch Oculus acquires eye-tracking startup The Eye Tribe TechCrunch TechCrunch Read more from TechCrunch Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Uber, Lyft, WhatsApp Updates Bring First SiriKit and CallKit SDK Integrations to iOS 10 Users Saturday September 17, 2016 4:46 AM PDT by Tim Hardwick With iOS 10, Apple opened Siri to third-party developers with a public API, allowing the personal assistant to summon third-party services and apps hands-free. Two of the first apps to make use of the new Siri SDK are WhatsApp Messenger and ride-hailing app Uber, both of which issued updates for their flagship apps this week. Uber users can now hail a ride with a "Hey, Siri" command, followed by "Book me an Uber" or other variants. Apple has also allowed the ride-hailing service to be integrated into Apple Maps under a new Ride tab, where users can choose from a list of available drivers in the area. As pointed out by MacRumors readers, Lyft has also been updated to support both functions. WhatsApp users meanwhile can now use Siri to dictate and send messages as well as initiate calls. WhatsApp also becomes one of the first third-party apps to make use of CallKit, Apple's new framework that enables VoIP calls to function in iOS 10 like FaceTime and regular cellular calls. VoIP service Viber also supports the feature. After updating the app, incoming WhatsApp calls appear in the lock screen showing the caller's profile picture and the typical call response buttons. In addition, WhatsApp contacts are now integrated into the native Contacts app in iOS 10, and also appear in the Phone app's Favorites. The WhatsApp update includes a number of other enhancements, including the ability to forward multiple chats at once. To enable Siri integration for the apps, users should go to Settings -> Siri -> App Support and toggle the relevant switches to the on position. Users should expect plenty more third-party Siri integrations to appear in the coming months. WhatsApp Messenger is a free download for iPhone available on the App Store. [Direct Link] Uber is a free download for iPhone and iPad available on the App Store. [Direct Link] Lyft is a free download for iPhone and iPad available on the App Store. [Direct Link] Viber is a free download for iPhone and iPad available on the App Store. [Direct Link] Related Roundup: iOS 10 Tags: Siri, WhatsApp, Uber 59 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Harmonious Zen 16 weeks ago Siri is going to be useless until I can feel like I don't have to memorize a list of commands in order for her to understand me. This is a step in that direction but still probably not enough. Rating: 6 Votes Kkspire 16 weeks ago Lyft always get shafted for some reason. This was available with them the day after iOS 10 was realized. I know because I used it. Rating: 6 Votes foxconn 16 weeks ago I hope that YouTube (google) start to cooperate with Siri app support, although I know that they have their own voice command embedded in their apps. It would be very cool to ask Siri to show a specific video on YouTube. "Hey Siri, can you ask google now to show me a YouTube video by..." Rating: 5 Votes vmistery 16 weeks ago I'm sorry.... OH? Did you mean HO? Or is that a new shortening for something else? Other half, thought it was a pretty common abbreviation?! Rating: 4 Votes thisisnotmyname 16 weeks ago Actually Lyft did it first but what do I know Not picking on your comment specifically but I've noticed several "Lyft did it first" type posts. We're four days past iOS 10 release, do we really need to split hairs over who made it through the app store approval process first? I realize Lyft is the underdog here to the 800 lb Uber gorilla but one day faster to app store isn't something I'd be using to differentiate. Perhaps posts would be better served talking about your happiness that Lyft is using Siri integration due to being a fan of the company, it's culture, it's pricing, etc... If you are a big Lyft fan (I'm guessing those who notice a one day difference in app release dates are) then here's a chance to talk about *why* you are so found of their service and I'd bet being a day earlier to Siri integration isn't in your top ten of reasons. Rating: 4 Votes mthomas184 16 weeks ago ....even though Lyft released there's a day before Uber. But who's counting ;) Rating: 4 Votes Mad Mac Maniac 16 weeks ago I'm hoping for more app integration in maps. Specifically something like gas buddy. Being able to view gas prices is a glaring omission and something that google maps has in their navigation Rating: 3 Votes truthertech 16 weeks ago Siri is going to be useless until I can feel like I don't have to memorize a list of commands in order for her to understand me. This is a step in that direction but still probably not enough. Your post reveals the potential problem-- you aren't using Siri enough to realize that you don't have to have a memorized list of commands. You couldn't be more wrong in your impression. I haven't memorized a list, but use the Siri feature everyday and while she still can improve a lot, she has achieved an impressive level of dexterity in responding. For example, if I want to find out if a particular sports team won, I can ask "How did x do?" "Did the x win?" "Who won the X game today?" etc. I can say "Wake me up at 7" or "Set an alarm at 7" or " I need to get up at 7", etc. "Text Ann", "send a message to Ann," "iMessage Ann" etc. For weather, "is it going to rain," "what's the forecast for" "am I going to need an umbrella" what's the weather going to be," etc. There are tons more examples, but you get the point. I really encourage people to give Siri a try as she can really make your life easier, and with iOS10 she is even more powerful. Rating: 3 Votes hlfway2anywhere 16 weeks ago ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/09/17/uber-whatsapp-updates-siri-ios-10/') With iOS 10, Apple opened Siri to third-party developers with a public API, allowing the personal assistant to summon third-party services and apps hands-free. Two of the first apps to make use of the new Siri SDK are WhatsApp and Uber, both of which issued updates for their flagship apps this week. Uber users can now hail a ride with a "Hey, Siri" command, followed by "Book me an Uber" or other variants. Apple has also allowed the ride-hailing service to be integrated into Apple Maps under a new Ride tab, where users can choose from a list of available drivers in the area. WhatsApp users meanwhile can now use Siri to dictate and send messages as well as initiate calls. WhatsApp also becomes one of the first third-party apps to make use of CallKit, Apple's new framework that enables VoIP calls to function in iOS 10 like FaceTime and regular cellular calls. After updating the app, incoming WhatsApp calls appear in the lock screen showing the caller's profile picture and the typical call response buttons. In addition, WhatsApp contacts are now integrated into the native Contacts app in iOS 10, and also appear in the Phone app's Favorites. The WhatsApp update includes a number of other enhancements, including the ability to forward multiple chats at once. To enable Siri integration for both apps, users should go to Settings -> Siri -> App Support and toggle the relevant switches to the on position. Users should expect plenty more third-party Siri integrations to appear in the coming months. WhatsApp Messenger ('http://appshopper.com/social-networking/whatsapp') is a free download for iPhone available on the App Store. [Direct Link ('https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/whatsapp-messenger/id310633997?mt=8')] Uber ('http://appshopper.com/travel/ubercab') is a free download for iPhone and iPad available on the App Store. [Direct Link ('https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/uber/id368677368?mt=8')] Article Link: Uber and WhatsApp Updates Bring First SDK Integrations to iOS 10 Users ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/09/17/uber-whatsapp-updates-siri-ios-10/') Actually Lyft did it first but what do I know Rating: 3 Votes ManchesterAppler 16 weeks ago I hope that YouTube (google) start to cooperate with Siri app support, although I know that they have their own voice command embedded in their apps. It would be very cool to ask Siri to show a specific video on YouTube. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories CES 2017: The Best Apple Related Accessories 43 minutes ago on Front Page Apple may not take part in the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but the event is still filled with all kinds of Apple-related accessories from third-party vendors. Some aren't so great or are... 3 comments CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices 3 hours ago on Front Page Focalcrest, a Chinese company focusing on intelligent hardware solutions, today debuted a new HomeKit hub that promises to bring HomeKit connectivity to various connected home products that would not... 23 comments Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple will shift to indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) material for MacBook Pro displays as soon as later this year, according to IHS. The research firm told DigiTimes that Apple may continue to... 137 comments Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets 11 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual shareholders meeting will be held on February 28 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time in the Town Hall building at its Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California, according to an SEC... 376 comments Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online 12 hours ago on Front Page An early prototype of the original iPhone has been shared online by Sonny Dickson, with a collection of images and a video that provide a glimpse into one version of the iPhone that Apple created and... 82 comments Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations 22 hours ago on Front Page In June 2015 it was reported that Apple would renovate its iconic Fifth Avenue retail store, temporarily relocating its operations to the vacated FAO Schwarz toy store in the General Motors... 50 comments Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More 1 day ago on Front Page One of the best ways to see the highlights of what CES has to offer is at the shows -- CES Unveiled, Pepcom, and ShowStoppers. MacRumors videographer Matt hit up Pepcom last night, where he searched... 12 comments Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay 1 day ago on Front Page While wireless CarPlay implementations have been supported since iOS 9, the functionality has so far been limited to a single BMW model. That will change next month, however, as Alpine has introduced... 73 comments • T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees (209) • iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices (180) • Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro (201) • Hulu Bringing CBS-Owned Networks to Live TV Service, Which Will Be Priced 'Under $40' Per Month (83) • App Store Sets New Records With $240M in Sales on New Year's Day, $20B Paid to Developers in 2016 (69) • Audi and Nvidia Working on Fully Autonomous Car for 2020 Rollout (118) • LG Debuts 'Hub Robot' to Compete With Google Home and Amazon Echo (110)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our mobile apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Off The Menu: Fall dining options at historic favorites Publick House.jpg The Publick House in Sturbridge. Print Email Hugh Robert | Special to The Republican By Hugh Robert | Special to The Republican masslive.com on September 17, 2016 at 6:30 AM, updated September 17, 2016 at 6:35 AM comments The air is crisp; the landscape is splashed with color. Fall is a time of year when the combination of New England history and traditional Yankee foodstuffs make a great agenda for a late season outing, and several of the region's historic attractions have put together food and history events that make for particularly interesting day trip experiences. Hancock Shaker Village in Hancock is once again offering its "Shaker Suppers" evenings, having this year reworked and updated these historic recreations of Shaker life. Planned for Oct. 8, the first of two 2016 Harvest Suppers is a Shaker-inspired, four-course dinner held in the historic Brick Dwelling. The meal is created and prepared by Chef Michael Roller and the staff of Savory Harvest Catering. Tastings of Berkshires-crafted ales, ciders, and spirits are offered with each course; guided narration is provided by spirits expert John Kelly. The Harvest Supper evening begins with a 4 p.m. tour of the historic Shaker Village complex; the program wraps up around 8 p.m. Tickets are $100 and can be ordered by phone at (413) 443-0188, ext. 100. Apple Days are about to begin at Old Sturbridge Village in Sturbridge. On Sept. 24 and 25 and again on Oct. 1 and 2, the village and its staff will be celebrating the harvesting of New England's iconic fruit, the apple. In addition to demonstrations of cider making, cooking, and preserving, the Village will be conducting orchard tours and holding tastings of heirloom apple varieties. Old Sturbridge Village maintains an "open daily" schedule from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. through Oct. 31. For more information about the Apple Days programs, contact the Village at (508) 347-5056. A perennial favorite, the 27th annual Harvest Festival and Scarecrow Contest will be held on Oct. 15-16 at the Publick House Historic Inn in Sturbridge. A celebration of falls arrival, the Festival includes a chance to enjoy warm cider, a cup of chowder, and the Inn's famous baked goods while browsing among booths set up by some of the region's most talented crafters and artisans. The Festival runs both days from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and admission is free. Highlights of the Festival are the Scarecrow Contest and the Pumpkin Contest, both of which are open to all comers. Set-up for the scarecrow competition will begin on Sept. 23 and continue through Oct. 7; all ages and groups are welcome to participate by displaying their talent at scarecrow decorating. Entries into the pumpkin decorating contest must be delivered to the Inn by Saturday, Oct. 15 between 10 a.m. and noon. Winners of both competitions, which are determined by the votes of Festival attendees, will be announced on Sunday afternoon, October 16 - the Pumpkin contest at 1 p.m.; the Scarecrow competition at 2 p.m. For more details go to the events calendar at publickhouse.com or call the Publick House Historic Inn at (508) 347-3313. Historic Deerfield in nearby Deerfield is offering an ongoing weekly series of Open Hearth Cooking Demonstrations. Held at the Visitor Center in the Hall Tavern Kitchen, the Sept. 24 program, which will run from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., will feature Foods of the Fall Harvest. Historic Deerfield interpretative staff will focus on the fresh foods of the harvest season as a well as some of the techniques used in the 18th and early 19th century to preserve foods for later use. In October, the Open Hearth Cooking demonstrations will shift focus to Tavern Fare, with demonstrations planned for Fridays and Saturdays all month, as well as on Sunday, Oct. 9 and Monday, Oct. 10. For more details, check out the events calendar at historic-deerfield.org or call (413) 774-5581. Hugh Robert is a faculty member in Holyoke Community College's hospitality and culinary arts program and has over 40 years of restaurant and educational experience. Please send items of interest to Off the Menu at the Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01101; Robert can also be reached at OffTheMenuGuy@aol.com Entertainment Listings Events Music Food Follow MassLive Food On Social Media @masslivefood fb.com/masslivefood instagram.com/masslivefood MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices At gamers' meet in Tokyo, absent Nintendo is talk of the town Reuters By Makiko Yamazaki and Tim Kelly 17/09/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Mystery object hurtling towards Earth 'could be a comet' Five people killed in Florida airport shooting © REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach Ninetendo's Shigeru Miyamoto takes the stage during an Apple media event in San Francisco This week's Tokyo Game Show is one of the world's biggest draws for gamers and developers, but the talk amid the virtual reality headsets and robot arms is of the industry giant that never turns up: Nintendo Co Ltd (7974.T). The Japanese firm, conservative and rarely unpredictable, has twice caught the industry by surprise in recent weeks: first, with Pokemon GO, a wildly successful augmented reality smartphone game, and, earlier this month, by stealing the show at Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) iPhone 7 launch in San Francisco. There, Nintendo's best-known game creator, Shigeru Miyamoto, announced the firm's first on-the-go game starring the popular Super Mario character. It was a rare public splash, and gamers in Tokyo read Miyamoto's guest Apple appearance as a sign that executives in Nintendo's spartan offices in Kyoto might finally be catching up with the zeitgeist - tapping a treasure trove of popular characters and consumers' love of smartphones. "There's a huge saturation of mobiles, there are billions (of dollars) being made in mobile gaming ... and Nintendo has realised that," said Benjamin Outram, a researcher at Keio University, who was demonstrating virtual reality goggles and a vibrating digital immersion suit at the Tokyo event. "Nintendo is an entertainment company so will go in whatever direction they can entertain." Super Mario's short hop to Apple devices is a big leap for Nintendo, unshackling the much-loved moustachioed cartoon plumber from the Japanese company's dogged resistance to the mobile world. Nintendo has long held out against offering its games for mobile devices, preferring to keep them coupled to its Wii console business. But Wii sales have slowed - from over 100 million devices in its first five years to just 13 million in the past five - and Nintendo is finally acknowledging that mobiles matter. "They held their own kind of Nintendo world and did not want to corrupt their own characters and brands and trademarks by allowing their products or characters to be utilized on other platforms," said Gavin Parry, managing director at Parry International Trading in Hong Kong. "The internal philosophy is changing and opening up." Nintendo declined to comment for this article. "GAMING DEITY" Gamers and game developers say Miyamoto, 63 and often dubbed the "Walt Disney of video games", is key to Nintendo's shift. "Miyamoto is not a conventional game maker, he wants to create family entertainment," said Hirokazu Hamamura, a director at Japanese publisher Kadokawa Dwango and a gaming commentator who often meets Miyamoto. "Mario is the jewel in Nintendo's crown, so if they are letting him out it means they are serious." Miyamoto, a modest corporate man - who in the United States would likely command superstar status - has described himself as the first non-computer programmer game creator. "Even people at Sony (6758.T) and Microsoft (MSFT.O) look up to Miyamoto as gaming deity," said Hamamura. © REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach/File Photo Shigeru Miyamoto stands next to the Super Mario character during an Apple media event in San Francisco Responsible for Mario, Zelda, Donkey Kong and other popular video game characters, as well as the Wii, Miyamoto started out as a puppet maker, and moved on to early designs of Donkey Kong and Mario sketched on paper that he handed to computer engineers, according to media interviews. He joined Nintendo, which has its roots making playing cards in 19th century Kyoto, in 1977, as the company shifted from making toys to video games. When computer gaming in cafes, malls and arcades - think Pong and Space Invaders - gave way to more solitary games often played on a bedroom desktop or console, Miyamoto has said he became concerned that gamers were turning into anti-social "zombies". The 2006 hit, the Wii console, aimed to reverse that trend, and appeal to a broader audience of those new to gaming or put off by the proliferation of shooting games. Miyamoto has said he turned his wife into a gamer through social and fitness focused games such as Wii Sports and Nintendogs, a virtual pet training game. In March last year, Nintendo announced a partnership with Japanese social gaming company DeNA Co (2432.T) to release five free-to-play mobile games within two years. Nintendo says two of those; versions of Animal Forest and Fire Emblem, have been delayed. "We believe Nintendo will be able to create a new style of games and spread them all around the world," Miyamoto told Nintendo investors last October. At the Tokyo Game Show, dominated by yet more shooting games and role-playing fantasy titles that likely appeal to the "zombies" Miyamoto frets about, Nintendo's Splatoon game for the Wii U - with paint splashing, squid-like characters battling for territory - won the best game award. Nintendo? Still absent. "That's Nintendo's nature," said Masao Masutani, who helps develop game software for Sony. "They do what they want and let others get on with their thing." (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki, Tim Kelly and Yoshiyasu Shida; writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Google pushes VR harder with new phones from partners Reuters Elite North Korean defector becomes media star in South Reuters Man phones police from roof of speeding car to thwart thief Reuters Australia, Indonesia seek to patch up wounds over military row Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple Watch Series 2 Digital Crown Feature Enables Users to Check Time in a Subtle Way, And More! Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: September 18, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» The Apple Watch Series 2 officially rolled out with the Apple iPhone 7 and the Apple iPhone 7 Plus on September 7 and one of the major innovations that the latest smart wearable from the American tech giant is drawing attention is the device’s Digital Crown feature. The special feature enables users of the Apple Watch Series 2 to check the time in a more subtle way or without distracting the people nearby. Officially called as ‘Wake Screen on Crown Up,’ the new features allows the users to slowly turn the Digital Crown on the smart wearable upward without raising their wrists. The move will also slowly turn on the Apple Watch Series 2 display at varying levels of brightness. A small turn upward on the Digital Crown shall also enable users to view the watch face on their wrist at a much dimmer setting. When the Apple Watch Series 2 is active, the user can raise his wrist to get a closer look at the watch face while retaining the dim brightness, reports the Apple Insider. The ‘Wake Screen on Crown Up’ feature will make it easier for wearers of the Apple Watch Series 2 to check the time without bothering others especially in movie theaters where the bright light of an illuminated screen is quite a distraction. The key to using the feature There is no secret to using the ‘Wake Screen on Crown Up’ feature of the Digital Crown but it is important for the user to learn how to turn the Digital Crown without raising his wrist as the brightness decreases in the same manner until the screen goes black. In automatically turning the Apple Watch Series 2 display off, the user just needs to turn his wrist back down. Raising the wrist again without touching the Digital Crown will just return to display the screen at its normal brightness level. It should also be noted that the feature can be enabled or disabled by just opening the Apple Watch app on a connected iPhone, choosing ‘General’ and then clicking on ‘Wake Screen.’ Users should note that by default, the Apple Watch Series 2 ships with ‘Wake Screen on Crown Up’ turned on. A smarter smart wearable The Apple Watch Series 2 came out 18 months after its predecessor, the Apple Watch. Critics are saying that the next generation smart wearable is smarter than the first, which should be the case, as expected. The new smart wearable from the American tech giant features a second-generation OLED Retina display with Force Touch. Just like its predecessor, the Apple Watch Series 2 comes in two sizes and both have custom-designed Apple S2 SiP (System in Package), details IFixit. The device has built-in GPS, NFC, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth 4.0. It also features an accelerometer, a gyroscope, a heart rate sensor, a microphone, a speaker, and an ambient light sensor. It already comes with the WatchOS 3 for its operating system and it also has an impressive water resistance rating which could allow the watch to be submerged in water up to a depth of 50 meters. While it looks quite similar to its predecessor, the biggest changes that the Apple Watch Series 2 brought is its new water-resistant shell, making the latest iteration of the Apple Watch swim-proof. The device also comes with a GPS chip, which helps in tracking purposes, especially when it is lost, stolen, or the user cannot be located. The built-in GPS of the Apple Watch Series 2 allows the device to perform mapping on its own without the use of an iPhone or any smartphone for that matter. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Dell OptiPlex 7040 Is A Powerhouse in A Small Package, How Good Is It? January 06, 2017 Kingdom Hearts III Release Date, Update About the Game’s Development, a Few New Features are Probably Going to be Added to the Game January 06, 2017 Pokémon Prism Shut Down By Nintendo, Developers Issue Cease And Desist Order. Pirates Leak The Files Online! January 06, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
News UAE News Global News Business News Celebrity News Sport Football Golf Cricket Rugby Sports Opinion General Lifestyle Live Eat Do Shop Watch We love How to Letters Write a Letter Video Competitions Classifieds Search 17.9 C Dubai Saturday, January 7, 2017 Newsletter Send us a letter DEEP ePaper Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. 7DAYS UAE News AllUAE NewsGlobal NewsBusiness NewsCelebrity News UAE News 7DAYS staff have their say on what made the newspaper so… UAE News 7DAYS – The final edition UAE News Proud to have given you a voice… UAE News 2016: A year in Tweets Sport AllFootballGolfCricketRugbySports OpinionGeneral General 2017 Red Bull Air Race season kicks off in Abu Dhabi Sport Aspiring Emirati gymnast Lamia Tariq Ali Malallah vaults into new territory Cricket Craig Kieswetter: the former England cricketer out to excel on the… UAE News UAE women’s cricket team want a level playing field Lifestyle AllLiveEatDoShopWatchWe love Lifestyle Answers to Thursday’s puzzles… Lifestyle Meeting a real Michelin star Eat Verdict: Wok and Rolling in style Do Verdict: A round with Golfscape How to How to How to protect yourself from cyber crime Tech Top 5 tips from Facebook to protect your account UAE News How to sell a used car in the UAE How to How to renew your UAE driving licence How to How to get an Emirates ID Letters Letters On the legend that is the 7DAYS Letters page Letters Father has not been paid his salary for four months Letters No kerbing this enthusiasm it’s about time we had a minister… Letters You can keep your fusion food and overpriced water Letters Why aren’t banks willing to help any of us out? Write a Letter Video News Video: Flying with falcons on the Land Rover MYLAND experience Watch Video: The Nutcracker on Ice Dubai preview Video Video: The great wall of RAK Golf Video: Rory McIlroy’s ‘struggle’ at Little Billy interview Watch Meet the cast of Les Miserables Competitions Classifieds Home News UAE News Video: iPhone 7 launch at Apple Store Dubai News UAE News Galleries Video Tech Video: iPhone 7 launch at Apple Store Dubai Sarwat Nasir - September 17, 2016 4 18 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Hundreds of people waited outside the Apple Store in Dubai to get their hands on the iPhone 7. The iPhone 7 was launched on September 17 at the Apple Store in Mall of the Emirates. Many people pre-ordered the phone online, however, some spent the night at the mall and waited 10 hours to buy a phone.   Faisal Masih, a 30-year-old Pakistani restaurant supervisor in Dubai, said:  “I waited nine hours in the mall. I slept here in the mall and hung out with friends. It was something I had to do. I’ve been waiting for the new phone to come out. “I bought two iPhone 7s and the new Apple Watch – one phone for me and another for my friend. “I’m glad I waited it out because I wanted to have the phone the first day it came out.” The first one in line to buy the iPhone 7 in the UAE was 22-year-old Ahmed Alhajri, who flew out all the way from Saudi Arabia and waited 10 hours outside of the store. He said:  “I finally have it. I’m very happy.” The iPhone 7 has been sold out for September 17 and will be on sale again on September 18, starting 6am. It costs Dhs3,300 and Dhs3,669 for the iPhone 7 Plus. sarwat@7days.ae   TAGS iPhone 7 SHARE Facebook Twitter Previous article320 blazes tackled by Dubai firefighters this year Next articleKatrina Kaif wants to prove herself as an actor Sarwat Nasir Sarwat joined 7DAYS in September 2013 as a news intern and later became the first person to graduate from the company's Journalism Training programme. With a nose for a good investigation, Sarwat is often out and about armed with pen, paper and video camera. MORE STORIESMORE FROM AUTHOR UAE News 7DAYS staff have their say on what made the newspaper so very special UAE News 7DAYS – The final edition UAE News Proud to have given you a voice… 4 COMMENTS Crunch September 17, 2016 at 8:04 pm 7 iphones later…. I still don’t get it. Why, oh why would someone wait in line over night to get a phone. My old reliable nokia still works just fine. 40 Reply expatdxb September 17, 2016 at 2:32 pm … some people really need to get a life! 30 Reply Parker September 17, 2016 at 2:02 pm I’m at a loss as to why the media here continues to make a big deal everytime a new phone is launched. The hoopla becomes even more bewildering given the restrictions placed by the UAE on some of the more useful features. From my perspective unless it can do the dishes any wow factor in smart phones has long since gone. 60 Reply Anonymous September 17, 2016 at 12:42 pm How utterly sad! 30 Reply LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply STAY CONNECTED 647,792FansLike 39,988FollowersFollow 163,407FollowersFollow Has your landlord agreed to a rent decrease? Yes, less than 5% Yes, more than 5% I haven’t asked They wouldn’t budge  Loading ... Weather Dubai clear sky enter location 17.9 ° C 20 ° 16 ° 60% 1.5kmh 0% Sun 23 ° Mon 23 ° Tue 21 ° Wed 22 ° Thu 22 ° Currency Converter Source: Google Finance Instagram @7daysuae 40.0k Followers Follow About 7DAYS About Us Terms and Conditions House Rules Privacy Policy Reader Competitions Terms & Conditions Here to help Advertise Get in touch Feedback 7DAYS Belhoul Building Dubai 35207 United Arab EmiratesPhone: 00971 4 283 1317 Fax: 00971 4 283 3143 ABOUT US7DAYS is a multimedia organisation that ‘Engages and Inspires Communities’ in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Since 2003 7DAYS has been gathering, creating and distributing unique high-quality content to the country’s multicultural expatriate and local population. Contact us: feedback@7days.ae FOLLOW US Advertise Get in touch Feedback © 2016 7DAYS UAE MORE STORIES Answers to Thursday’s puzzles… December 22, 2016 7DAYS staff have their say on what made the newspaper so... December 22, 2016
Jan 072017 E- Edition Newspaper Jan 07, 2017 Last Updated at 04:30 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport SQU study reveals low rate of tourism careers post graduation Fitch affirms Oman’s currency default rating; maintains stable outlook Taxi drivers in Oman hike fares Fog causes low visibility in Oman WATCH: Ancient Omani Water System Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Oman weather: Dust winds to reduce visibility Turkish Airlines cancels Muscat flights due to snowfall Royal Oman Police celebrates Annual Day with grand parade India relaxes visa rules for Omanis Company raises minimum wage to OMR 400 for nationals in Oman   #OmanPride: Omani photographer portrays mosques as places of peace, purity #OmanPride: Online platform boosts graduates’ connectivity with Oman labour market #OmanPride: Greenhouse to teach work skills to disabled in Oman #OmanPride: Omani business leader honoured with MENAA 2016 awards #OmanPride: Unique bus brings environmental education to children across Oman World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa Multiple deaths as shooter opens fire at Ft. Lauderdale airport Indian actor Om Puri dies aged 66 Indonesia has only suspended language programme with Australia - minister Japanese calligraphers brush up on their writing Deadline to obtain ‘Overseas Citizens of India’ card extended to June 30 Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Toyota plans years of building cars largely controlled by humans Deutsche Bank to pay $95 million to resolve U.S. tax claims Apple to Invest $1 Billion in SoftBank Fund to Support Tech Firms face hiring challenges as value added tax introduction nears Banking, telecom stocks drive Oman shares higher Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports Cricket: MS Dhoni will always be my captain, says Virat Kohli Cricket: Australia break through after rain delays Football: Cahill confident Chelsea will soon shrug off Spurs defeat Football: James double helps Real beat Sevilla in King's Cup Cricket: South Africa need six wickets for victory Opinion Philippines jailbreak The house GOP's big blunder The abandonment of progress Rethinking labour mobility Trump’s tax plan and the dollar Technology WhatsApp stops working in older iPhones, Android handsets Oman technology: All you need to know about Snapchat Oman technology: All you need to know about Yummly Oman technology: All you need to know about Kindle Nintendo’s Big Day: Super Mario run tests mobile strategy Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography AR Rahman recreates his iconic track 'Urvashi' Oman culture: Camels and man, a unique bond Four dynamic ways to style your family’s portraits Shah Rukh to promote 'Raees' on Salman Khan's 'Bigg Boss' Hanks, Kidman honoured as 2017 awards season starts in Palm Springs   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel How To Walk in High Heels Souq es Sabt: A guide to Oman's new farmer's market Oman Sports: How to best prepare for Muscat Marathon 2017? Oman dining: Try Nando's new mango and lime sauce Muscat Parent: Seven-year-old Lachlan overcoming autism is an inspiration for us all Business The Apple store line is dying as iPhone fans order more online September 17, 2016 | 1:26 PM by Bloomberg News A combination of limited supply and Apple’s push toward online pre-orders meant walk-in customers were unable to buy the larger 7 Plus version. — Bloomberg file picture x A combination of limited supply and Apple’s push toward online pre-orders meant walk-in customers were unable to buy the larger 7 Plus version. — Bloomberg file picture   Sharelines The Apple store line is dying as iPhone fans order more online The #Apple store line is dying as #iPhone fans order more online San Francisco: The frayed scrap of paper taped to the sidewalk outside Apple’s flagship store in San Francisco’s Union Square had a simple message: $5 for photographs. The sight of Apple fans clamouring to get the latest phone was replaced on Friday by people looking to make a few bucks from their lead spot in the line. For the first time, being first through Apple store doors around the world is no guarantee of securing the top-of-the-line new iPhone. A combination of limited supply and Apple’s push toward online pre-orders meant walk-in customers were unable to buy the larger 7 Plus version. The result: smaller, less-enthusiastic lines. That’s a big change from the retail frenzy that has long been a ritual of the company’s marketing for a product that still accounts for at least 57 per cent of revenue. "My iPhone 5 died two days ago, the screen became detached,” said David Nelson, a 51-year-old attorney from Oakland, California, who waited toward the back of a line of several hundred people outside the San Francisco store Friday morning. "If my phone had survived, I wouldn’t be here.” It was subdued outside the London Apple shop in Covent Garden. A well-organised line of a few hundred people cycled through, mainly consisting of people with receipts to pick up pre-ordered devices. The line outside Apple’s Fifth Avenue store in New York was the smallest since the launch of the iPhone 3GS in 2009, according to Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. His research team counted 400 customers lining up there on Friday, down from a peak of 1,880 for the iPhone 6 debut in September 2014. Apple said earlier this week that all models of the 5.5-inch screen iPhone 7 Plus were sold out in advance, as were all other new handsets with the glossy jet black finish. "Consumers continue to trend toward pre-ordering new devices to specifically avoid long launch day lines,” Munster wrote in a Friday note to investors. "Pre-orders and early inventory issues will continue to impact future launch day lines, thus would not be surprised to continue seeing smaller lines across the world on future launch days.” This year, Apple extended its iPhone Upgrade program, in which customers pay a monthly fee in return for a new handset every year. This may help Apple stabilise iPhone sales in years without new blockbuster models, but it also reduces the need for people to gather for hours outside stores on launch day. After being introduced in the US a year ago, iPhone Upgrade was rolled out to the UK and China this year. Several Apple retail employees in Europe said their stores had no stock for customers walking in without a pre-order reservation, despite Apple’s statement that there would be iPhone 7s available in all colors besides jet black. At European stores where stock for walk-ins was available, quantities were scarce and customers seeking a particular color and capacity configuration ended up with a model they didn’t want or left empty-handed, the employees said. Some big Apple stores in California received fewer than 100 units for walk-in customers, other employees said. They didn’t want to be identified sharing descriptions of early sales. Apple won’t disclose initial weekend sales numbers for the new models, breaking with the tradition of past years. Far cry The lack of sizable crowds this year is a far cry from previous product launches. The first iPhone in 2007 introduced the world to customers camping outside stores to buy a new technology product. Greg Packer, a former government maintenance worker, started the line at Apple’s Fifth Avenue store five days before the original iPhone became available, while a group of organic farmers sat in line for more than a week before the iPhone 3G’s launch in 2008. Lines at some malls were so long that security guards made crowds wait at nearby locations and escorted customers in small groups to the store to buy their phones. Apple employees provided waiting customers with bottled water, coffee and donuts. The large crowds were not only made up of shoppers. Some people paid others to line up for them and re-selling new iPhones purchased early from stores became a thriving side business. Piper Jaffray’s Munster said this year’s line outside the Fifth Avenue store had "little to no representation from overseas re-sellers." Last year, these entrepreneurs accounted for about 20 per cent of the line, he noted. Still, smaller lines do not necessarily mean fewer sales, because online pre-ordering has picked up, the analyst said. "We remain comfortable with our thinking for slight growth in the iPhone 7 cycle compared to the iPhone 6 cycle," he wrote. Back in San Francisco on Friday, some customers were still waiting to get phones for other people. Matic Skok, a 23-year-old from Slovenia, was buying an iPhone 7 for his uncle back home. "My uncle is addicted to his iPhone,” Skok said, adding that he didn’t plan to buy a new handset for himself. "I have a 5S but it’s too expensive for me to get a new one.” < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business Apple to Invest $1 Billion in SoftBank Fund to Support Tech Firms face hiring challenges as value added tax introduction nears Banking, telecom stocks drive Oman shares higher Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Toyota plans years of building cars largely controlled by humans Deutsche Bank to pay $95 million to resolve U.S. tax claims PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE Intel raises its forecast for third-quarter sales Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Travel Lifestyle Entertainment Features Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Sitemap Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Powered by NewsPress Newsletter
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News Top Stories General Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Finance Showtime Nollywood Music Videos Celebrities AMAA Music Artists Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News International Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | Technology | Checkout Why New iphone 7 Cost More Than A Land Things To Do When Your Facebook Account Is Hacked This Solar Cart Can Charge Up To 80 Phones At Once Checkout Why New iphone 7 Cost More Than A Land Rachel Madison 16/09/2016 21:11:00 8 0 View Comments The new iphone 7 As Apple released the next generation of the iPhone again this year, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Nigerians are more than ever before ready and braced to drop their last coins on the new wallet buster. This is coming at a time when the country is experiencing an economic recession with an average man finding it difficult to feed his family as a result of the economic quagmire. The world’s most sought after smart phone, Apple has officially released the much anticipated new generation of the iPhone – the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7s. The two new smart phones are definitely much more expensive than the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s plus. While the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus cost varying N102, 090 ($249) for the 16GB model size, N138, 990 ($339) for the 64GB size, $399 for the 128GB size and N155, 390 ($379) for the 16GB size, N192, 290 ($469) for the 64GB size, N216,890 ($529) for the 128GB model size respectively, the new iPhones prices have been stepped up. The new iPhone 7 price will start at N245, 590 (£599) for the 32GB model, which is the smallest among the model sizes of the new device. The iPhone 7 plus on the other hand, has its price on a higher pedestal in comparison with that of the iPhone 7. However, these prices of the new Apple generation are only for the pretty order batch; the prices are meant to skyrockets as soon as the pretty order regime is over. Ironically, some Nigerians would start saving up to be part of the pre orders that has followed the announcement of the smart phone’s emergence across the world. Although, Nigeria is a home for luxurious imported products as expensive technology products usually get a bigger market in the country, unfortunately, Nigeria is among other African countries, considered a dumping ground for high-quality technology products. Sadly, none of these African countries produce any of the high tech products the world is in need of today. “All they are good at, is lavishing their hard earned money on the most expensive things in the world,” a Nigerian fashion designer noted. Mr. David Oloyede, who is the head of the Mass Communication department at the Federal Polytechnic Offa, Kwara State, uses an iPhone 6s device, told NAIJ.com that the iPhone 6s is awesome and looking forward to getting his own iPhone 7 though when the price nosedives. “So far, I’ve actually enjoyed the iPhone 6s device since the last six months or there about. It serves me well, I just simply enjoy the phone. “I was using the Blackberry Q10, so when the iPhone 6s came out I said okay, let’s try and see what happens with it and I went for it.” Was it too expensive? “Yes it was expensive, but with the features I was told it has, I felt the price is worth it”. Benefits? “I’ve enjoyed the Internet reception; it’s excellent. Mobile network, the calls and everything. Basically, I’ve even enjoyed it’s media – the camera resloution, the battery duration although is not perfect but at least, it’s very okay. “I prefer the iPhone 6s because it’s a little bit smaller than the iPhone 6s plus and it’s cheaper, despite having almost the same features with the latter”. READ ALSO: Shocking: See how Nigerians are hassling to buy bread Difficulties or shortcomings? “The only difficulty I’ve experienced with the iPhone 6s is that when I see a friend of mine having a particular file, I cannot just ask him to send it to my phone unlike my previous phone, I could just switch on the Bluetooth and ask him to send it. But with the iPhone 6s, it’s not that friendly. The Bluetooth only pairs with iPhone devices and not everyone around me is using an iPhone device.” Expectations from the latest iPhone “Yes I am expecting to, and I really want to buy the new iPhone 7 because of the upgraded features it comes with, and of course which is lacking in the iPhone 6s I’m currently using.” Comfortable with the price? “Well I’m not comfortable with the price, that is why I’ll wait a little bit, so when the price gets friendlier then I’ll gladly go for it. I can wait for about four or five months from now, I think”. Nigerians’ obsession “Yes, usually we Nigerians have a problem with or let’s say we love using expensive phones. It’s more like we can actually say those phones are being made for we Africans, so we love expensive phones; it is a thing they just can’t help. “When a new phone is out, everybody wants to see and have one, especially those who can afford it. “The truth of the matter is that although everyone is complaining about the economic recession here and there, but not everybody is actually feeling its impact. Also, we Nigeria’s especially have this affinity for anything expensive and the latest. It is especially common among the celebrities anyway. And basically, everyone knows everything from iPhone is usually very excellent. Although it’s crazy but it’s a normal thing among Nigerians – it has happened before and it’s still going to happen again.” The number of smart phone users in Nigeria for 2016 according to statistics, is estimated to reach 15.5 million of the 2.6 billion smart phone users in the world. This means Nigeria ranks 17 in the global smart phone usage. This sounds rather alarming for a country which ranks 33 most corrupt country in the world and one among the poorest. Also, there is apparently much to say about Nigerian’s readiness to spend a staggering N400,000 on an ephemeral smart phone. In today’s world, competition in technology and business is abundant as companies spend tons of money trying to outsmart the competition as the fight for market share and revenue continues to drive innovation and expansion. This accounts for the fact that iPhone, which was manufactured as far back as 2007, upgrades it’s version every year especially in September, to meet up with the end of the year peak sales. READ ALSO: Ondo state, reputed as the education factory of Nigeria Although, there is nothing wrong in racing up with the trend of time, but a more judicious spending at this material time in Nigeria is advisable. Facts about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus   While aesthetically similar to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have several differences, including a pressure-sensitive home button, better camera, a faster processor and improved battery life, as well as having no head phone jack. They also come in a new range of colours and a starting size of 32GB. New iphone 7 What are the new features? The most significant changes on the new phone include an upgraded camera, a new home button and the removal of the 3.5mm head phone jack. Instead of the traditional head phone connection, iPhone packages will now come with earphones that fit into the phone’s Lightning port, currently used for charging and data transfer. The bigger “Plus” model has an even-more powerful “dual-lens” camera. The AirPods provide five hours of listening which with the compact charging case delivers 24 hours of total battery life. The pods can connect to Apple watches, laptops and iPads. The iPhone 7 will also come with stereo speakers for the first time, with speakers now placed at the top and bottom of the device. Upgraded camera The camera has been revamped to enhance low-light capabilities and take even sharper photos. The smaller 4.7-inch device has a f/1.8 lens that lets 50 per cent more light onto the lens, a new 12MP sensor that’s 60 per cent faster and 30 per cent more energy efficient. A 5.5-inch version of the handset has a dual-lens camera and this allows a huge increase in quality when zooming in on a photo, a problem that has plagued Apple for years. The iPhone 7 Plus has two 12MP cameras, one of which is a wide angle lens and the other a telephoto lens that can zoom 2X in high quality without using any software. The telephoto lens means the camera can zoom to 10X with optical and soft zoom. READ ALSO: Uganda hits by earthquake Cameras on both models will also have 12 mega pixel sensors as well as 4K video recording capability. It also enables live editing of video files and with wide colour capture. It also has image stabilisation and a new camera flash to improve photos shot in low-light. Apple has also doubled the number of LEDs to four – two cool, two warm – in order to create a more effective flash. That gives 50 per cent more light. It also has a flicker sensor that makes the flash look like natural light. The front camera has also been upgraded to 7MP from 5MP for FaceTime and selfies. Appearance Apple has introduced two new colours for the iPhone 7 to replace space grey.  The new models are available in five different colours including two new shades of black. A matte “black” and a glossy black will join silver, gold and rose gold in the colour options for the iPhone. The new shiny “jet black” finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models. The new handset look very similar to the current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but with the antenna bands moved from the back of the device to the edges. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available in five colours. Battery life The models will have the longest battery life ever in an iPhone. An iPhone 7 lasts, on average, two hours longer than an iPhone 6s and an hour longer than iPhone 6s Plus. The battery on the iPhone 7 lasts 14 hours when using WiFi and 12 on 4G. The iPhone 7 Plus meanwhile lasts 15 hours on WiFi and 15 on 4G. Internal performance The model will be powered by a new Apple A10 Fusion which has a 64-bit 4 core CPU. Forty percent faster than A9 of iPhone 6s and double the speed of the A8 processors. It also has a ramped up graphics performance which is also 40 percent more powerful than the A9. Water-resistant The new iPhones are also water-resistant with an IPX67 rating which means the hardware can withstand immersion in up to 1 metre of water for 30 minutes. Apple’s high standards for waterproofing have impacted the supply chain and lowered total production of iPhone 7. What can we expect next year? The big changes Apple is rumoured to be saving for the 2017 iPhone include its chassis being made entirely from glass. It could have an edge-to-edge display with an OLED screen, a significant step forward from the LCD screens the company currently uses. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: Technology view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles Obama Freed Guantanamo Bay Detainees Against Trump’s Directive Shocking: Woman Vomits Money During Deliverance Winners Chapel Member Reveal: How 30 Robbers Who Were About To Rob Me, Fled On Seeing Oyedepo’s Picture 100 Most Popular News TENSION hits Biafra camp as IPOB moves against Buhari, British govt. 0 NCC arrests 25 suspected pirates, seizes goods worth N76.5m in 2016-Official 0 Mahrez Crowned African Player Of The Year 0 5 Website Fails Your Business Should Avoid 0 Troops recover another Chibok school girl with child 0 US Ambassador To Nigeria Visits Chief Of Air Staff In Abuja... Photos 0 Rivers Re-Run: Police Apprehend Ex-Inspector Victor, Goodluck, 4 Others 0 What Not To Eat At The Port Harcourt Airports 0 Prisoners get sacrament of confirmation 0 Ohanaeze reschedules National election to Jan 10 0 SERAP to Akwa Ibom govt: Immediately release journalist Nsibiet John 0 Aisha Buhari denies reports linking her to abuse of privileges 0 Market Women Flood Streets Of Abuja To Celebrate Victory Over Boko Haram. Photos 0 Traditionalist Reacts After Pastor Destroyed 'Fetish' Items In Anambra. Photos 0 Africa's Richest Woman And Daughter Of Angola's President Just Got Richer.. 0 Read NFF's Message To Mikel Obi Following His Big Money Transfer To China..... 0 Buhari Breaks Silence on Killing of Over 800 Christians By Fulani Herdsmen In Southern Kaduna 0 Why I am leaving Chelsea for China – Mikel Obi opens up in emotional farewell letter 0 Crowdfunding: A viable option for NGOs in Nigeria? 0 Actor, Prince James Uche thrown out of hospital over incurred debts 0 At Least 33 Killed In Brazil Prison 0 Osun Govt. Renames Prime FC Osun United 0 Video: Sen. Bruce thumbs-up Jonathan, promises Buhari shadowy govt 0 Manchester City Star, Samir Nasri Might Never Play Football Again. See Why 0 MMM Asks Nigeria Participants To ‘Promo Tasks’ 0 Algerian Riyadh Mahrez Named CAF African Player Of The Year 0 Winners Chapel Member Reveal: How 30 Robbers Who Were About To Rob Me, Fled On Seeing Oyedepo’s Picture 0 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-old girls': 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but ‘doesn’t act on his impulses’ reveals why his British wife has stood by him 0 2016 CAF Awards: Full list of winners at 0 Meet 10 of the world's most generous billionaires 0 Full list of winners at the 2016 Glo CAF Awards 0 Arik Air releases statement over attack on its Lagos manager 0 Buhari, British govt to secretly kill Nnamdi Kanu with non-traceable poison – IPOB alleges 0 Rivers Rerun: 6 Police Aides Of Wike Sacked 0 Rangers’ Int’l FC registers 25 players for CAF champions’ league- Manager 0 Woman grabs man’s genitals, inflicts injuries over N100 Ogogoro debt 0 Nigeria’s player can win 2017 African Best Player award – Pinnick 0 Actress Halima Abubakar Gives Some Serious Relaationship Advice, Do You Agree With Her? 0 Okorocha Has Taken Imo Backward – Ohakim 0 Attacks on Buhari: Face your state and leave Buhari alone, Fayose gets serious warning 0 PDP governor's 'Christmas gift' to APC leaders cause division among party leaders 0 'We're not that kind of show': Ed Balls shocks the Loose Women with a VERY rude joke about having a fluffer to prepare him for his appearance  0 Ukraine’s military denies Russian hack attack 0 This is how some Chibok girls spent Christmas 0 Army finds another Chibok Girl, Rakiya Abubkar with her 6-month-old baby 0 How Boko Haram helped Buhari win 2015 elections – Asari Dokubo 0 Presidency reacts to accidental discharge in Aso Rock 0 Don Jazzy Reveals How To Get Signed To Mavin Records 0 FUT Minna Sack 700 Students For Failing To Meet New Standard 0 Iheanacho, Iwobi Delighted Winning Glo/CAF Awards 0 Iwobi, Iheanacho, Super Falcons win at 2016 CAF Awards 0 NFF inaugurates Nigeria Women Football League board 0 Fayose’s planned removal will consume Buhari’s govt – PDP 0 Obama’s U.S. Army says, muslims with beards, hijabs can join them 0 Obama releases Guantanamo Bay detainees against Trump’s directive 0 Fire Tragedy Averted As Fully Loaded Petrol Tanker Falls In Rivers State. Photos 0 Police Sergeant Drinks Poison While In Detention In Lagos.... 0 BREAKING; Police Dismiss 6 Officers Attached To Governor Wike.... 0 Chelsea’s Mikel Obi Joins China Gold Rush, Moves To Tianjin Teda 0 Shocking: Woman Vomits Money During Deliverance 0 JUST IN: Wike presents 'real reason' 6 police officers were sacked (see the dismissed officers) 0 Women storm Abuja market to celebrate military's victory over Boko Haram 0 Imo state government owes us 77 months pension - pensioners 0 Trump calls blowup over Russian election hacking a 'witch hunt' 0 New mega party ADP zones 48 national positions 0 Buhari finally breaks silence on Southern Kaduna crisis 0 Mikel Obi Completes £140k Per Week China Deal With Tianjin 0 Mikel receives emotional Chelsea farewell 0 Riyad Mahrez named 2016 CAF African Footballer of the Year 0 VIDEO: How Police invaded Jonathan's family house in Abuja 0 Police Officer Shoot Himself To Death 0 Governor Shettima denies wishing PDP dead 0 How TB Joshua delivered girl who cried blood [ PHOTOS/VIDEO] 0 Video: Watch Chibok Girls’ Journey To Chibok Town To Celebrate Christmas 0 New Photos Of The "Tree Man" After Undergoing 16 Surgeries To Remove Rare Growth.. 0 Mavin Star, Di’Ja Shares Adorable Photos Of Her Hubby And Son 0 Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi & Super Falcons Win Big At Glo CAF Awards (See Photos From Event) 0 7 gripping photos from 2016 that will make you laugh and then cry 0 Jubilation in Igboland as work begins on 2nd Niger Bridge; job seekers flood area 0 Benefits mother-of-four splashes out £1,000 on a makeover 0 He's the mane attraction! Adorable dog that looks more like a LION thanks to his abundant fur is stealing the show at a rescue centre 0 Your desperation to be governor will destroy our party in Ekiti – APC youths tell Kayode Fayemi 0 PDP to Buhari: Good intentions not good governance 0 Flight MH370: Malaysia gives up search 0 Bank Robbery Foiled After Police Discover Underground Tunnel Leading To The Building. PICS 0 Pink shows off one-week-old son Jameson as they go on a rather stylish family outing  0 Muhammad Ali's daughter hits back at reports of family feud over inheritance 0 God Have Mercy: Lifeless Body Of One Day Old Baby Found Floating In A River In Oya 0 SO SAD: Woman Crushed To Death By Truck On Her Way To Friend’s Wedding (Photo) 0 Mahrez targets AFCON title with Algeria 0 Reason Gaidam sacked his information commissioner 0 Eagles vs Lions clash: Oyongo, Bassagog fire warning shots 0 Fani-Kayode's Ex-Wife appointed by Ghana's President-Elect, Akufo-Addo 0 Vivendi looks to Israeli businessman to fuel convergence push 0 Is Nigerian government serious about fixing power supply? 0 Bank staff and security guard arrested for robbing bank where they work (photos) 0 APC, PDP lack political ideology – Plateau ADP Chairman 0 5 things to do before hiring a nanny in Lagos 0 At last, work begins on 2nd Niger Bridge 0 Mutiny: Heavy shootings as soldiers attack police stations in ICoast over bonuses 0 1 2 3 4 Displaying 1 - 100 of 363 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Trending Stories Lady Mandy: Popular Gay Nigerian Surfaces As Transgender 0 Four Nigerian Men Convicted Of Engaging In Homos3xual Activities Whipped Publicly 0 Polls show Nigerians support anti same-sex Bill 0 British PM David Cameron to persuade Jonathan to give equal rights to gays and lesbians 0 Britain may suspend aid to Nigeria over Gay bill 0 show all articles Top Stories Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 0 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office 0 Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar 0 Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers 0 Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment 0 I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister 0 NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues 0 Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide 0 Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK 0 President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode 0 Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari 0 Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah 0 Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You 0 Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers 0 show all articles More from Technology show all articles Popular Articles US based couple visiting home for Christmas, poisoned by in-law See the Flight That Took Off In 2017 And Landed In 2016! Female Presenter Suffers MAJOR Wardrobe Malfunction On A Live Show.. Photos Townsville mother shares heartache after twin baby girl died suddenly on New Year's Eve Mum warns about inflatable air loungers after daughter nearly drowns in pool Recommended Shocking: Woman Vomits Money During Deliverance See The Smartphone Accessory That Lets You Kiss Your Partner Even if You’re Far Apart Seyi Law: Timi Dakolo Introduced Me To MMM LifeStyle Articles 5 Website Fails Your Business Should Avoid Read 5 REAL Reasons Most Nigerian Businesses Fail 4 Basic Things You Must Do To Manage Your Finances In 2017 4 Ways You Are Destroying Your Child's Self-Esteem Angry Husband: Stupid Wife Donate Car To Her Pastor As A Seed Nigerian Woman Kneels To Propose To Man? (photo) 7 Reasons Some People Feel Regret After Having S3x 7 Ways You Can Stay Madly In love With Your Husband 10 Ways To Avoid Cheating On Your Spouse These High School Sweethearts Look So Much Alike That It's Driving Everyone Crazy Most Read Articles TENSION hits Biafra camp as IPOB moves against Buhari, British govt. - The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has made some allegations against President Muhammadu Buhari and the British government - The group the president NCC arrests 25 suspected pirates, seizes goods worth N76.5m in 2016-Official Lagos – The Lagos Zonal Office of the Nigerian Copyright Commission says it arrested 25 suspected pirates and seized goods worth N76.6 million in 2016. Mr Mahrez Crowned African Player Of The Year Riyad Mahrez of Algeria and Leicester City  polled 361 votes to win the 2016 African Player of the Year Award. Ugandan goalie, Denis Onyango  won  the 5 Website Fails Your Business Should Avoid Businesses today now consider owning a website a necessity rather than a luxury. This is because they recognize the impact an effective website will have, Troops recover another Chibok school girl with child By Jimitota Onoyume, Levinus Nwabughiogu & Joseph ErunkeABUJA—Nigerian troops of Operation Lafiya Dole, during investigation of arrested suspected Boko Haram terrorists in Borno State, have show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Photos of Celebrities That Attended Toke Makinwa's Slumber Party In Lagos Last night in Lagos on the eve of the New Years weekend, Toke Makinwa threw a fabulous pyjama party. Taking over the luxurious pamper house, View gallery 9 Photos See Pics Of Buhari Wit Presidents Mahama,Ellen Sirleaf And Ernest Koroma In Gambia President Muhammadu Buhari, President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf of Liberia,who is the current chair of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), and President Ernest Bai View gallery 9 Photos World News Chanetsa declared national hero 0 Chikurubi inmates compose AFCON song for Warriors 0 Calls for domestic minerals exchange 0 show all articles Popular Articles Miss Universe Australia Caris Tiivel unveils national costume inspired by coral reef 0 TENSION hits Biafra camp as IPOB moves against Buhari, British govt. 0 Surfer who visited the 'great Pacific garbage patch' shares shocking images 0 show all articles Latest News Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row over comment about Voice winner's weight 0 Meet the mum who is mistaken for her daughters half her age 0 Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology iPhone 7 Technology People who were most excited about the new iPhone 7 are now 'absolutely fuming' They've been massively let down - and aren't afraid to say it  Share  Comments ByNicola Oakley 16:10, 17 SEP 2016 Updated11:14, 19 SEP 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextSwathes of people going into the Apple Store in C Watch this video again Watch Next Watch live as Apple's iPhone 7 goes on sale in Ja0:01 The new iPhone 7 is out - and we've put its 'wate1:42 iOS 10 official Apple demonstration video0:48 How the iPhone 7 launch happened...and how econom1:27 First look at the expected iPhone 7 features1:35 Genican bin bot will build your shopping list fro1:39 Faraday Future unveils super fast electric car - 1:00 Samsung release A3 and A5 series phones0:49 Ford ‘Hangover Suit’ highlights the risks of driv2:11 Researchers create a robot arm that can be contro1:00 Taxi dash cam captures the moment a DRIVERLESS Ub0:29 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The build-up to the release of the iPhone 7 has been palpable. After Apple held a conference in San Francisco to announce all the amazing new features, some people couldn't wait to get their hands on a brand new phone. Wireless headphones, you say? Dual-lens camera? And it won't die if we drop it down the toilet? Some people were so eager to get an iPhone 7, they pre-ordered handsets for delivery on the day of the release - which was yesterday, in case you didn't know. But it seems that didn't quite go to plan and they've been left absolutely fuming because their deliveries have been delayed. Some customers have got themselves prepared to meet their new phone only to learn on the day that they're facing a THREE-WEEK wait. And they're really not very happy about it... The phone is definitely proving that Apple isn't past its sell-by-date. They've ALREADY sold out of the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. The gigantic US company has said that customers heading down to the Apple store on launch day yesterday would be able to place an order, but couldn't buy a phone there and then. iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues? "We sincerely appreciate our customers' patience as we work hard to get the new iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in a statement. Apple boss Tim Cook says the iPhone 7's new wireless 'AirPods' won't fall out of your ears Apple boss Tim Cook says the iPhone 7's new wireless 'AirPods' won't fall out of your ears Launched last week in San Francisco, the iPhone 7 Plus has a new dual-lens camera that helps capture better pictures. iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's new iPhone (Photo: REUTERS) It's Apple's first smartphone to offer to feature two rear cameras instead of one, each with 12MP sensors: one standard wide angle 12MP lens alongside another new telephoto lens. Apple has redesigned its emojis in iOS 10 and people are kicking off The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation and a larger ƒ/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens - enabling brighter, more detailed photos and videos, and a wide colour capture. Jet black's gone too The heartache doesn't end there for Apple fans, though. The company also dropped the bombshell that the regular iPhone 7 won't be available with in the new "jet black" colour. Apparently the new glossy finish has also proved to be a bestseller and stocks have all been snapped up. Although you might not be too fussed about that, given that even Apple has said the jet black version will scratch easily . (Photo: Apple) Still, it shows the demand for the new gadgets is sky-high. And a quick word of warning - Apple is only speaking about its own retail stores. Other high street shops may have different levels of stock - so it's worth looking around if you're desperate to get your hands on one. Read More Apple iPhone 7 iPhone 7 news iPhone 7 release date, specs and price How waterproof is the iPhone 7? iPhone 7 in cold climates iPhone 7 review iPhone 7 plus review What is iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera? iPhone 7 colours iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s iPhone 7 UK deals iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 Best wireless headphones for iPhone 7 Earlier this year sales of the iPhone dropped for the first time leading some analysts to question whether Apple had reached its peak. iOS 10 tips and tricks: These 10 hidden features will make your iPhone even more useful The US company has also made clear that it will not release first-weekend sales figures of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextHow the iPhone 7 launch happened...and how econom Watch this video again Watch Next Mirror Online gets hands on with the new iPhone 71:47 Unboxing the iPhone 7 - Mirror Tech gets its hand13:36 The new iPhone 7 is out - and we've put its 'wate1:42 First look at the expected iPhone 7 features1:35 Genican bin bot will build your shopping list fro1:39 Faraday Future unveils super fast electric car - 1:00 Samsung release A3 and A5 series phones0:49 Ford ‘Hangover Suit’ highlights the risks of driv2:11 Researchers create a robot arm that can be contro1:00 Taxi dash cam captures the moment a DRIVERLESS Ub0:29 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Read More Apple Event 2016 Apple 2016 live launch Apple Watch 2 unveiled Amazon leaks new iPhone 7 accessories Apple's Twitter leaks new iPhone Pokemon GO coming to Apple Watch James Corden Carpool with Apple boss Apple's new waterproof iPhone 7 unveiled Whole Apple event in 120 seconds Reaction to Apple wireless headphones Super Mario Run FINALLY on App store iOS 10 release date announced Experts say wait for iPhone 8 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple iPhone iPhone 7 Technology all Most Read Most Recent New YearPokémon Go Gen 2 update and latest news for 2017 - Legendary could be coming soon There's a few issues with the Gen 2 egg update, but hold fire the Legendaries are on their way in Pokémon Go DatingFacebook knows you're single - and it's nothing to do with your relationship status Something telling happens to Facebook users once they start dating someone else WhatsAppIs WhatsApp going to start charging in 2017? Hoax dupes users into believing they will have to pay for messages If you've received a message telling you how to avoid billing charges, it's a scam - here's what to do Video GamesReturn of the Game Boy? Classic Nintendo console to rise from the dead as Super Retro Boy The handheld console plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance cartridges iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Video GamesReturn of the Game Boy? Classic Nintendo console to rise from the dead as Super Retro Boy The handheld console plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance cartridges Tim CookApple boss Tim Cook earns £117MILLION a year - despite firms failing to meet targets The boss salary and basic bonus came in at £7.1million, down on 2015’s £8.3million CESThis smart wristband keeps track of your drinking on a night out - and tells you if you're safe to drive The band comes complete with "time to sober" readings and alerts CarsMost futuristic cars of CES 2017 - from the driverless to the pure insane These are the futuristic cars coming to make the roads gorgeous soon iPhone 8iPhone 8 could ship without a single port or socket as Apple sets its sights on wireless charging After ditching the headphone jack in 2016, Apple's next iPhone could ship without a charging port Most Read Most Recent CrimeFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far The shooter, who killed five people in the airport baggage claim, has been named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, from New Jersey but who had lived in Alaska CrimeHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera shootingFlorida airport shooting: Five dead and eight others injured after gunman opens fire in baggage claim Suspect Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, 26, allegedly shot at least 13 people at Florida's Fort Lauderdale Airport, killing five George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death Tom JonesThe Voice star Tom Jones claims winner was too FAT to find chart success - and faces calls to be sacked Leanne Mitchell won the hit series back in 2012 and Sir Tom has said the size 14 singer lacked the drive to slim down Donald TrumpVladimir Putin 'directed cyber hacking campaign to help Donald Trump win US presidential election' US intelligence agencies concluded Russia sought to help Trump by discrediting rival Hillary Clinton Prince HarryPrince Harry whisks girlfriend Meghan Markle away on first holiday together to see the Northern Lights The besotted royal, 32, flew American actress Meghan to the edge of the Arctic Circle where they watched the magnificent Aurora Borealis US ElectionBritish spies alerted America to Russia's cyber attack on US election GCHQ had prevented a breach of every Whitehall server in 2015, including the Home Office, Foreign Office and Ministry of Defence PerishersPerishers - th January 2017 Perishers originally ran from 1959 to 2006. The strip is still so popular today that we decided to reprint the best of the strips by Maurice Dodd and Dennis Collins Missing personsPolice 'extremely concerned' for four-year-old boy missing with his mum Andrew Shorrock and mum Amy, 34, disappeared from Tameside around 12.30pm on Friday Top Stories Tom JonesThe Voice star Tom Jones claims winner was too FAT to find chart success - and faces calls to be sacked Leanne Mitchell won the hit series back in 2012 and Sir Tom has said the size 14 singer lacked the drive to slim down George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz quizzed by cops for second time for five hours over tragic singer's final hours Fadi said police had been "amazing"  after two plain-clothed officers questioned him and took his statement George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death SnowBritain colder than Arctic Circle as snow forecast for next week Thermometers will start to rise across the country tomorrow with highs of around 10C (50F) in the south and 8C further north John F. KennedyWas Lee Harvey Oswald's killer Jack Ruby injected with cancer to stop him revealing who really shot JFK? This week marks the 50th anniversary of the death of Jack Ruby, who shot dead Oswald and carried his story to the grave CrimeFootage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera Court caseMan beat wife's head five times with lump hammer but 'didn't have the strength to finish her off' The prosecution claims Paul Bond, 62, turned the lights off and closed the curtains after the beating as he could not face the reality of what he did Carrie FisherFinal farewell for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds as family and friends say goodbye at private service Relatives and close friends of the stars gathered together to pay their respects AnimalsWoman left starving dogs to die in pain surrounded by faeces in "horrendous" case of animal neglect WARNING: Distressing content. Andrea Davies, 23, has been banned for life from keeping animals over her treatment of male crossbreed dogs Koda and Hachi HorsesTear-jerking moment heartbroken horse breaks down and cries at his owner's funeral The creature, Sereno, appears to be mourning the loss of his owner, who died in a motorcyle accident Mick PhilpottBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide By San Francisco, Sep 17 (AFP) Apple's global iPhone launch was marked by excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone. - HZL gets green nod for Rs 1,200 cr Zawar Mines expansion proj Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Wire News Sep 17, 2016, 02.44 PM | Source: PTI iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide San Francisco, Sep 17 (AFP) Apple's global iPhone launch was marked by excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide San Francisco, Sep 17 (AFP) Apple's global iPhone launch was marked by excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Apple's global iPhone launch was marked by excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone. Scenes in Apple stores around the world yesterday were reminiscent of days before online ordering became a norm and people camped out for days to be first to get hands on the California company's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Enthusiasm was peppered with disappointment due to shortages of the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7, but it was unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply. "These initial sales will be governed by supply, not demand," Apple said in a released statement which noted that the company would not provide launch weekend sales figures. Investors evidently weren't certain of what to make of the launch as well, with Apple shares down about a half-percent to USD 114.92 at the close of trading on the Nasdaq exchange. BTIG research said in a note to investors that, despite a lack of lines, analysts there expected iPhone sales in the final quarter of this year to grow 3.6 per cent to 77.5 million. At the Apple Store in the Georgetown district of the US capital Washington, dozens of consumers were still waiting in line hours after the store opening to get the new handsets. "I tried to order it online, but I would have had to wait five to six weeks, so standing in queue was the only option," said Naval Chopra, who was visiting from India at the time of the launch and joined the waiting group at 5:30 am for an iPhone 7. "If you're an Apple fan, there is something special about getting the new phone on the launch day." Washington resident Isaac Combs said he had being hoping to get the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus but learned on arrival they were sold out. Still, he opted for the iPhone 7, despite the smaller display. The iPhone, Combs said, "is an essential part of life, it's something I use every day." Apple sold of out the larger models quickly and had limited availability of the iPhone 7, with the new jet-black color especially scarce. The devices chart a new path for the tech giant by eliminating headphone jacks, a move seen as setting a trend for a wireless future. Apple is seeking to regain momentum and set new trends for the industry, but it remains to be seen if it can generate the same enthusiasm that surrounded previous versions of the iPhone. Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Your investment options in 2017 post-demonetisation Boeing nears $10.1 billion order from Spicejet: Report Eicher Motors shares surge 5% after stellar Dec sales growth RBI permits Paytm to launch its Payments Bank After Rajdhani fares, Air India offers enhanced baggage Per capita income of Indians to cross Rs 1 lakh in FY17 Uber hikes taxi fares up to 50% in Delhi-NCR SC restrains Aircel-Maxis from transferring 2G licences NHAI may not meet award and execution target for FY17: Icra See all Video of the day Mkt attractive post 10% correction from current levels:Macquarie Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Lawsuits Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Regional Transportation Sports Angels Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Love Clicks Dating Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Auto Preview Classified Directory Jobs Local Ads Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition About Us Contact Us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/DailyBreezeNews Home â News â Lawsuits Media sues FBI for details on how it hacked San Bernardino terrorist’s iPhone A crowd formed outside the Manhattan Village Apple store Friday morning waiting in line to be one of the first to take possession of Apple's new iPhone 7. (Chuck Bennett/Daily Breeze/SCNG) By From staff and news services Posted: 09/16/16, 8:30 PM PDT | Updated: on 09/16/2016 # Comments This July 27, 2014 file photo provided by U.S. Customs and Border Protection shows Tashfeen Malik, left, and her husband, Syed Farook, at O’Hare International Airport in Chicago. (U.S. Customs and Border Protection via AP, File) WASHINGTON >> The Associated Press and two other news organizations sued the FBI on Friday to learn whom the government paid and how much it spent to hack into an iPhone in its investigation into last year’s San Bernardino terrorist attack. The lawsuit seeks the records for the FBI’s contract with an unidentified vendor who provided a tool to unlock the phone used by health inspector Syed Rizwan Farook, who with his wife killed 14 people and wounded 22 others at a gathering of county workers Dec. 2. The phone was owned by San Bernardino County, Farook’s employer. Gannett, the parent company of USA Today, and Vice Media LLC joined the complaint with the AP, seeking to learn more about the mysterious transaction that cut short a legal dispute in which the government sought to force Apple Inc. to unlock the phone. “Understanding the amount that the FBI deemed appropriate to spend on the tool, as well as the identity and reputation of the vendor it did business with, is essential for the public to provide effective oversight of government functions and help guard against potential improprieties,” says the suit, filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia under the U.S. Freedom of Information Act. In rejecting earlier requests to divulge the information, the government had said revealing the records could affect “enforcement proceedings,” but did not elaborate. FBI spokesman Chris Allen declined to comment Friday. ‘Privacy rights vs. national security’ The case stems from the FBI’s announcement in March that it had purchased a tool to unlock the iPhone, aborting the court fight with Apple that in turn had triggered a debate about balancing the right to electronic privacy with national security. A legal battle between the FBI and Apple began Feb. 16, when U.S. Magistrate Judge Sheri Pym ordered Apple to help the FBI hack the work-issued iPhone belonging to Farook, who along with his wife, Tashfeen Malik, were killed in a shoot-out with police following the mass shooting at the Inland Regional Center. Pym’s ruling triggered a global debate over individual privacy rights vs. national security. Apple refused to comply, arguing that creating a backdoor for the FBI would threaten the iPhone security of millions of its users. Apple threatened to go all the way to the Supreme Court if it had to. Advertisement The FBI argued the technology would be secure and only accessible to the federal government, but Apple disagreed. A spate of friend-of-the-court briefs was filed in federal court in support of Apple by some of the world’s bigger tech companies, including Facebook, Twitter and Reddit. Former CIA employee-turned-whistleblower Edward Snowden had even tweeted about the drama unfolding in court and weighed in on the issue. But in March, a day before the Justice Department was scheduled to do battle with Apple in U.S. District Court in Riverside, the FBI announced a vendor it employed had unlocked the iPhone. Lawsuit seeks information The lawsuit cites media reports as saying investigators did not find any links to foreign extremist groups on the device. Though FBI Director James Comey has released some details about the transaction, acknowledging that the FBI paid more than he’ll earn for his remaining years on the job, the agency has refused to disclose how much the solution cost or reveal how it worked. It also refused to share the latter with Apple, which had expressed concern that circumventing its security protections could compromise its products. The media organizations’ suit argues that the FBI has no legal basis to withhold the information and challenges the adequacy of the bureau’s search for relevant records. It also said the public has a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures of its own, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. It was the third suit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the Freedom of Information Act. The concurrent rollout of Apple’s new, more secure iPhone and the filing of the AP’s lawsuit against the FBI on Friday raised the question on whether it will have a chilling effect on future relations between the federal government and tech giants like Apple. “I think it’s ironic, and unfortunate, that the skills of the bad guys is forcing one set of good guys, Apple, to do things that another set of good guys, the FBI, doesn’t want them to do, and they both have an interest in fighting the bad guys,” said former Redlands Police Chief Jim Bueermann, now president of the Washington, D.C., law enforcement think tank Police Foundation. The organization recently released an after-action report on the Dec. 2 attack. ‘Many don’t trust the government’ Bueermann doesn’t believe the issue ended in March with the FBI’s announcement it had unlocked Farook’s iPhone. “We’re getting into an area that is so technical — how encryption works and how do you build a backdoor without comprising the security of other users,” Bueermann said. “I personally don’t have any problem with the FBI having that ability, but I also understand how civil libertarians would be chilled by that thought and how difficult it would be for Apple to build something that only the FBI could get into it, and then guarantee that only the FBI could get into. “And many will have a problem with that because many don’t trust the government. I think it’s going to be a very complicated issue that is ultimately going to have settled in the courts.” Apple spokesman Fred Sainz declined to comment Friday on the level of security provided by the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in comparison with older models, including Farook’s 5c. “We are not commenting on anything pretty much related to the San Bernardino case,” Sainz said. And, he said, “We just don’t talk about security.” Locals want latest product Buyers at the Manhattan Beach Apple store were more interested in emojis than new security features of the iPhone 7. John Reyes brought his daughter, Bianca, to the store after school Friday to pick up the latest iPhone technology. “We make sure she gets the newest phone the first day it comes out, said Reyes, of Westchester. “She gets straight-A’s in school.” Reyes said he also wants Bianca to learn how to use new technology to prepare her for the workforce. And, while Bianca is handy with electronics, she was most excited about getting access to the latest style features of the phone. “The whole entire school day I was sitting there excited,” she said. “The iOS 10 has new emojis!” Carlos Romero stopped by Apple Manhattan Village to pick up a new iPhone 7 for a friend who lives in Mexico. “He’s an iPhone freak,” Romero said. “He wants it for the camera. He has a farm and he takes a lot of pictures of the vegetables.” Romero, however, has a Samsung: “I hate iPhones,” he said. Denver resident Julian Kelly picked up his new iPhone at the Manhattan Village mall while touring the area with his mother visiting from Australia. “I always want the latest Apple products,” Kelly said. “And I really needed a new phone.” Staff writers Sandy Mazza, Joe Nelson and David Downey and Eric Tucker of The Associated Press contributed to this report. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Daily Breeze Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Daily Breeze Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Apple Says Initial Quantities of iPhone 7 Plus Sold Out - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Iraqi Forces Enter Mosul from North for The First Time Moroccan Authorities Decide to Close Fethullah Gulen Schools Khamenei: If not in Syria, Iran Had to Fight Enemy on Its Soil UN Considers Depriving People in Damascus of Water a War Crime Syria Truce Enters Critical Phase, Opposition Urges Security Council Intervention Lebanese President to Discuss kidnapped Soldiers During His Arab Tour World World Churkin: UN is Invited to Astana Negotiations U.S. Intelligence: Russia Engaged in Cyber Attacks Sneijder Refuses His Mother’s Request Asking Him to Leave Istanbul Morocco’s PM to Form Government of Former Majority Beijing Relies on Taiwan to Draw Diplomatic Ties New York Train Crash Injures More Than 100 Commuters Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Apple, Oracle to Invest in Softbank Vision Tech Fund Egyptian-Saudi Cooperation Thwarts Attempt to Smuggle 7.3 Million Narcotic Pills King Salman Center to Expand and Equip a Yemeni School in Djibouti Saudi Embassy in Cairo: Houthis Violated International Laws by Recruiting Children Iranian-Palestinian Ties Lose Grounds South Korea Wants to Increase Trade Exchange with Saudi Arabia | Opinion Opinion Opinion: Obama and the Palestinian Fig Leaf Opinion: Dialogue With Iran is an Unrealistic Idea Opinion: Do the Astana Talks Aim For a Truce or Syria’s Surrender? U.S. Must Join Europe to Resist Russia’s Meddling Why Aleppo’s Evacuation Was No Such Thing John Kerry and Israel: Too Little and Too Late Features Features In 2016, Iran Reaped Benefits of Nuclear Deal in the Region Inside the Economic War against ISIS Brexit: From a Simple Idea to Reality The “Burkini” Debate in France Terrorism Unifies World from Aleppo to Berlin ISIS in One Year … between Expansion, Collapse Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Manchester City’s Pep Guardiola Prefers Concern to Calm in Fight for Top Four Love it or Hate it, the January Transfer Window Provides Unique Excitement Ryan Giggs Cannot Afford to Wait for a Big Managing Job to Come Along Adama Traoré: ‘At Barcelona There Was not as Much Focus on Defending’ Entertainment The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Inside a Fake News Sausage Factory: ‘This Is All About Income’ American Rock Sensation Bob Dylan Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature Technology Apple Says Initial Quantities of iPhone 7 Plus Sold Out Asharq Al-Awsat EnglishSeptember 17, 2016, 10:45 amSeptember 17, 2016 2030 People sit in queue for the release of Apple's new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in front of the Apple Store in Tokyo's Omotesando shopping district, Japan September 15, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai Oil Rates Increase, OPEC Cut Doubts Weigh - Churkin: UN is Invited to Astana Negotiations - Iraqi Forces Enter Mosul from North for The First Time - Moroccan Authorities Decide to Close Fethullah Gulen Schools - Manchester City’s Pep Guardiola Prefers Concern to Calm in Fight for Top Four - Khamenei: If not in Syria, Iran Had to Fight Enemy on Its Soil - UN Considers Depriving People in Damascus of Water a War Crime - Cardiovascular Diseases Inflict Brain Health Damage - Syria Truce Enters Critical Phase, Opposition Urges Security Council Intervention - Lebanese President to Discuss kidnapped Soldiers During His Arab Tour Initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have sold out globally as Apple Inc prepares to roll out its new gadget in stores, the company said Wednesday. Supplies of the larger size of Apple’s new phone have been exhausted in all shades, and the smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black color, the company said. Customers who enter Apple Stores Friday, when the gadgets hit shelves, will not be able to purchase the sold-out phones on site, but they can continue to place orders for their desired models online, Apple said. “We sincerely appreciate our customers’ patience as we work hard to get the new iPhone into the hands of everyone who wants one as quickly as possible,” Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in a statement. Apple launched the new phones at a San Francisco event earlier this month. The gadgets feature improved cameras and eliminate the traditional headphone jack in favor of new technology. Breaking with tradition, the company will not release first-weekend sales of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, saying the figure is more a reflection of supply than demand. The decision sparked concerns among some on Wall Street, where many fear sales of the iPhone, a critical product for Apple, may be leveling off. But U.S. wireless carriers Sprint Corp (S.N) and T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.O) said on Tuesday they received strong pre-orders for the iPhone 7, sending Apple shares up. “Based on everything I’ve seen it looks like demand is very strong,” analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research wrote in an email. The 5.5-inch iPhone model, known as the Plus, has sold out soon after launch since Apple introduced the size with the iPhone 6 in 2014. Phones in newly released finishes are also typically snapped up quickly by customers eager to showcase the latest iPhone design. Asharq Al-Awsat English Asharq Al-Awsat is the world’s premier pan-Arab daily newspaper, printed simultaneously each day on four continents in 14 cities. Launched in London in 1978, Asharq Al-Awsat has established itself as the decisive publication on pan-Arab and international affairs, offering its readers in-depth analysis and exclusive editorials, as well as the most comprehensive coverage of the entire Arab world. More Posts - Twitter - Facebook - Google Plus - YouTube Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related AppleiPhone 7iPhone 7 PlusTrudy Muller Previous ArticleMcCartney, Starr Reunite on Blue Carpet for Beatles DocumentaryNext ArticleArmy: 38 Boko Haram Militants Killed in South Niger What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 30074 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 22671 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 20018 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 18270 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 17740 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 206Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated January 6, 2017 5:28 pm Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
Home Politics Entertainment Sports News Business Health Forum Post Free Ads Apple Hit With $118m ‘Back Tax’ Payment In Japan Filed in IT and Science by Cooljoe on September 17, 2016 A closeup view of the iPhone 7 Plus’ dual cameras during an Apple media event at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California on September 7, 2016. Photo: AFP Tokyo authorities have imposed a back tax of $118 million on an Apple subsidiary over money transfers to Ireland, reports said Friday, as the IT giant’s tax payments come under global scrutiny. The Tokyo Regional Tax Bureau ordered music distribution firm iTunes KK to pay 12 billion yen in unpaid taxes and the firm fully paid the sum, the mass-circulation Yomiuri newspaper and other media said, citing unnamed sources. The extra tax was imposed on about 60 billion yen that iTunes transferred to Apple in Ireland over two years to 2014, the Yomiuri, public broadcaster NHK said and other media said. The Japanese authority found a large amount of profits were transferred from the iTunes company in Tokyo to an Apple subsidiary in Ireland via Apple Japan, Kyodo News quoted sources as saying. The authority argued the transferred money should have been defined as royalty fees subject to income tax payments but the iTunes company did not declare the money as such, Kyodo said. The tax bureau said it does not comment on individual cases. Apple Japan, meanwhile, told AFP in an email it had no comment. The press reports came as Apple’s latest iPhone was launched in Japan on Friday. Apple’s operations in Ireland have come under scrutiny. The European Commission, the EU’s powerful competition regulator, last month ordered Apple to reimburse a record 13 billion euros ($15 billion) in unpaid taxes in Ireland. In its landmark decision late last month, the Commission argued that Dublin handed Apple favourable tax terms that amounted to state aid — illegal under its rules. EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager called Apple’s operations in Ireland a “sham”, designed to funnel revenue from across the globe to avoid paying tax. Apple chief Tim Cook criticised the ruling and urged Ireland to appeal it to secure future investments. Ireland’s fragile minority government agreed earlier this month to recommend an appeal but said it was recalling parliament early to debate the issue. Related Posts NEW 4G APPLE IPHONE ‘FOUND IN BAR’ SAYS GIZMODO WEBSITE FALCONETS HIT CONGO 3-0, LAND IN JAPAN 2012 WORLD CUP Apple To Unveil New Iphone Model On September 7 FOOTBALL KENYA HIT BACK AT MARIGA IN PAYMENTS ROW FIFTH IPHONE EXPECTED TO BE LAUNCHED BY APPLE Sovrn . Tags: $118m, APPLE, BACK, HIT, IN, JAPAN, Tax’ Payment, WITH Comments are closed. « FG’s $1bn Euro-Bond Ready By December, Says Dmo Mourinho Expects Manchester United Revival At Watford » Today’s Latests Edo Governor Lauds Ex-Servicemen For Nigeria’s Unity Delta State Renovates Technical Colleges With N2 Billion Odigie-Oyegun Lauds Okpozo, Condoles With Ogbodu Family Pathologist States Cause Of Lowo Oyediran’s Death At Resumed Trial Archives Archives Select Month January 2017  (42) December 2016  (210) November 2016  (14) October 2016  (114) September 2016  (961) August 2016  (858) June 2016  (188) August 2015  (4) June 2015  (34) May 2015  (7) April 2015  (77) February 2014  (18) January 2014  (103) December 2013  (66) November 2013  (172) October 2013  (515) September 2013  (583) August 2013  (494) July 2013  (506) June 2013  (516) May 2013  (612) April 2013  (710) March 2013  (301) February 2013  (221) January 2013  (229) December 2012  (205) November 2012  (243) October 2012  (112) September 2012  (248) August 2012  (239) July 2012  (411) June 2012  (540) May 2012  (871) April 2012  (529) March 2012  (852) February 2012  (957) January 2012  (976) December 2011  (715) November 2011  (847) October 2011  (891) September 2011  (909) August 2011  (1160) July 2011  (804) June 2011  (134) May 2011  (886) April 2011  (840) March 2011  (870) February 2011  (834) January 2011  (1372) December 2010  (1709) November 2010  (1351) October 2010  (812) September 2010  (852) August 2010  (914) July 2010  (974) June 2010  (1146) May 2010  (1025) April 2010  (1416) March 2010  (959) February 2010  (1054) January 2010  (1129) December 2009  (1180) November 2009  (1146) October 2009  (595) September 2009  (597) August 2009  (1292) July 2009  (1085) June 2009  (1432) May 2009  (1366) April 2009  (1596) March 2009  (2109) February 2009  (259) January 2009  (47) December 2008  (41) Recent Posts Edo Governor Lauds Ex-Servicemen For Nigeria’s Unity Delta State Renovates Technical Colleges With N2 Billion Odigie-Oyegun Lauds Okpozo, Condoles With Ogbodu Family Pathologist States Cause Of Lowo Oyediran’s Death At Resumed Trial Drop Litter On Roadsides And Be Arrested, Oyo Commissioner Warns Login Username Password Remember Me Lost Password Home Politics Entertainment Sports News Business Health Forum Post Free Ads © 2017 Nigerian Latest News Papers News Online. All rights reserved. NBF News. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok Forum | Jobs | General Topics | Privacy
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! iPhone 7 Real-Life Camera Samples Generate Mixed Reactions GO Check out these camera samples made by first iPhone 7 buyers Sep 17, 2016 09:12 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple launched the iPhone 7 with improved cameras for both the standard model with a 4.7-inch display and the Plus version, but the latter is clearly the one that’s getting all the attention. The iPhone 7 Plus comes with a dual-camera system that Apple praised a lot during the launch event on September 7, pointing out that it’s one of the best cameras at the moment. And now that the iPhone 7 has started shipping and the first buyers have already received their units, we can all see how the new cameras perform in real life. The samples that you can find in the gallery below come from reddit and seem to provide mixed reactions: while some users are really impressed with the way photos look, others claim the dual-camera system is not such a breathtaking improvement and it’s only a small upgrade over the iPhone 6s. iPhone 7 versus Samsung’s new flagships If you’re asking us, the iPhone 7 Plus is indeed offering better photo quality than the iPhone 6s, but it still doesn’t match the performance of Samsung’s new series of phones, including the Galaxy S7 and the Note 7. The level of detail in iPhone 7 Plus camera samples seems to position Apple’s new model just after Samsung’s new phones, despite the post processing that Cupertino has come down to and which sometimes seems to lead to oversaturation. In low-light conditions, Samsung’s Dual Pixel technology seems to pay off and the iPhone 7 Plus, although it comes with some improvements over its predecessor, offers almost the same level of sharpness as the 6s. In the end, however, we’ll let you be the judge and decide whether the new iPhone 7 Plus is indeed a worthy upgrade and provides photo quality that matches or is even better than the one offered by Samsung’s new flagship. We’ll soon review the iPhone 7 ourselves and we’ll get into more details then. Note: The photo quality of some samples might be slightly altered due to the compression used by image sharing services where users uploaded them.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (22 Images) #Apple#iPhone 7#iPhone 7 camera sample#iPhone 7 Plus subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it iPhone 7 Real-Life Camera Samples (22 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 7 Survives More than 7 Hours in a Fish Tank - Video Black iPhone 7 Scratch Test Is Painful for the Typical Apple Fanboy - Video Apple iPhone 7 Plus Comes with 2,900 mAh Battery, Teardown Reveals - Photo Gallery You Didn’t See This Coming: iPhone 7 Plus Battery Smaller than on iPhone 6s Plus - Updated Nokia E1 Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Alongside Nokia D1, Here Are Its Specs 2015 VPN Android Bug Still There in Nougat (And It’s Pushing Users to iPhones) KillDisk System Destructive Malware Now Targeting Linux FBI Hack Most Likely a Hoax, CMS Maker Says Google Assistant on Pixel Phones to Get Support for Keyboard Input Galaxy S7 edge Blue Coral Variant to Land in Europe Soon Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Allegedly Leaks in Live Blurry Image Google Calendar for Android and iOS Integrated with Fitness Goals 22 photos    The new iPhone 7 lineup new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Load old comments   Apple Still Planning to Bring the Watch Digital Crown on iPhones more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Apple iOS 10: iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C users cannot enjoy many new features; what are these? Features like the Raise to Wake and Burst Mode within camera app cannot be used on iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C. Rahul R September 17, 2016 14:25 IST Touch IDReuters Apple's iOS 10, which has officially begun seeding to users of many iPhones and iPads, is also available for iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C. But at this point in time, the latter category would not be able to enjoy some of the most important functions offered by users of Apple's new operating system. The above predicament stands true due to the hardware limitations of the relatively older (and now legacy) iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C smartphones. Here is a list of features that you would need to check out on the newer Apple iPhones: As far as the new Camera features offered by the iOS 10 are concerned, iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C users will not be able to use slow-motion video capture functionality within the Camera application. Also, the Memories feature introduced by the Photos app would not work. The Raise to Wake feature is not available for iPhone 5/iPhone 5C users. This functionality is more restricted and is not available to users of iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 either. Finally, users have stated that the iOS 10 within iPhone 5/iPhone 5C would not display a list of voicemail messages that are recorded within the handsets. This feature is called Voicemail Transcription. However, this aspect needs practical verification. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus could come to India earlier than expected: In a new development that could hint at Apple commercially releasing its newest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in India soon, the technology giant has slashed the prices of its currently selling iPads in the country. The latest price cuts amount to as much as Rs.10,000. Click here to check the new prices of the current-gen iPads. Quick Links Apple IPhone 7 Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Mass Effect 2 PC version available for free 10 hours ago By Aditya Bhat ZTE's Blade V8 is actually a good-looking dual-camera smartphone for budget shoppers 10 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Oz researchers impressed by Canada's controversial alcohol management programs Norway set to become first country to switch off FM radio completely Why advertise with us? most popular Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017 Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017. Smartphones we simply cannot wait to see in 2017: iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy X, OnePlus 4 and more These smartphones will change the way we look at smartphones. Tech for kids: This microSD card turns your old smartphone into a great learning device Make learning fun for your kids with CG Slate microSD card-powered tablets and smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S8 series launch delayed by a month Samsung has reportedly decided to skip Galaxy S8 launch at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017 in February and has plans to unveil it on a later date. Will Microsoft Lumia end soon? New developments add substance to speculation Services offered by ShotonmyLumia have been ported to the official Microsoft Lumia Instagram account. From VR shoes to vibrating shorts, these crazy tech gadgets at CES 2017 will leave you speechless Without these gadgets, CES 2017 would be uninspiring. Mi CES 2017 live stream: Where to watch product launch event online and time zone details Xiaomi's Mi CES 2017 event is scheduled to kick off at 11:00 am PST on January 5 (00:30 am IST, January 6). Nokia Android phone's 2017 roadmap is bigger than you thought Nokia's brand affiliate HMD Global Oy intends to launch more than five Android-powered smartphones in 2017. Photo Gallery Remo D'Souza launches mobile app #surprise Bollywood choreographer Remo D'Souza during the official launch of his own mobile application #surprise in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda at 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards Celebs like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda, Ankita Shrivastava, Amruta Fadnavis, Mannara Chopra, Arsheen Nawdar and others spotted during at the 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,722,016 members, 3,294,876 topics. Date: Saturday, 07 January 2017 at 02:33 AM The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 - Phones - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Science/Technology / Phones / The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 (57204 Views) The First Man To Buy Iphone 7 In The Middle East (photos) / First Guy To Sell Kidney And Buy Iphone 7 (photo) / Lady Wants Who Will Buy Iphone 7 For Her (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (Reply) (Go Down) The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Sphilip1(m): 6:21pm On Sep 16, 2016 Long Queue As Apple Iphone 7 Goes On Sale, Meet The First Person In Line To Buy The so much anticipated Apple iPhone 7 is now available in stores, right now, getting one is not any easy or convenient challenge because the famous queues in front of Apple stores has been formed again. The latest apple flagship device, the iPhone 7 will be launched first in 28 countries. You might wish to order it online, cos getting one from the store is difficult. The iPhone 7 Plus has not yet been spotted even though the sales of the iPhone seven, the coveted Jet Black is out of stock. If you plan to buy from the store, be prepared for a long wait. Some persons are fortunate - like Ty Moss, who was the first on the line. And this O2 store tweeted the first happy consumer. Source: http://www.techkibay.com/2016/09/long-queue-as-apple-iphone-7-goes-on.html 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by dacovajnr: 6:33pm On Sep 16, 2016 I was the 1st on the queue andYet they didn't put me on their Site as the 1st Coz am Black infact she was the 5th on the line ..But..... I only went to make an Enquiry about the phone Casing 191 Likes 2 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Clarinett(m): 7:05pm On Sep 16, 2016 Isorait. I can't hate. Wetin I know be say baba God must butter my bread. 29 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by tmanis(m): 7:11pm On Sep 16, 2016 They know the fans will come back in 12months. Konstant K! 83 Likes 4 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by olexjay(m): 7:24pm On Sep 16, 2016 She owns her money... No problem 3 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Edek27(m): 7:44pm On Sep 16, 2016 Meanwhile my gold plated iphone7 has arrived yay 3 Likes Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by x6blade(m): 8:35pm On Sep 16, 2016 This phone is just for show off nothing more 17 Likes 3 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by graciabelle: 12:28am On Sep 17, 2016 All I can say is, if u see any Nigerian girl with this phone this week just shout " hoooooo ashawo" 136 Likes 9 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Agimor(m): 12:48am On Sep 17, 2016 Over hype iPhone. 8 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by DozieInc(m): 2:01am On Sep 17, 2016 Trust Naija, today today you will see Someone with this phone. 8 Likes Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Zetra(m): 2:44am On Sep 17, 2016 tmanis: They know the fans will come back in 12months. Konstant K!she should pray it's not weeks like what happened to the "bendable Iphone6". anyway market must sell and people must spend 4 Likes 3 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by jackie3B(f): 3:06am On Sep 17, 2016 mumu...as if dey will give j*ara* for been d first.. 4 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by adebayo201: 3:20am On Sep 17, 2016 Clarinett: Isorait. I can't hate. Wetin I know be say baba God must butter my bread.not through iphone pls! 13 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by indigene: 7:10am On Sep 17, 2016 Idolatry. Desire of the eyes Desire of the flesh 1John 2vss15,16 16 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Clarinett(m): 8:08am On Sep 17, 2016 adebayo201: not through iphone pls! Come oh, when God bless one to the point where you can afford an Iphone 7 in this Era of currency fluctuation and still have a fat bank account. Shey God neva pick your call nii? Lesson: Perspective matters, be open minded. 22 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by AnonyNymous(m): 9:03am On Sep 17, 2016 Slave to the big corporations. Lol. They'll keep on pumping new devices and gadgets that you honestly dont really need and people will keep giving away their hard earned money for it . . . imo only people that have enough money to make the iPhone look like 'chicken change' should be spending money on it (if they even want to) 10 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by adebayo201: 9:04am On Sep 17, 2016 Clarinett: Come oh, when God bless one to the point where you can afford an Iphone 7 in this Era of currency fluctuation and still have a fat bank account. Shey God neva pick your call nii? Lesson: Perspective matters, be open minded. 15 Likes 2 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by sukkot: 9:49am On Sep 17, 2016 walahi these white people are jobless. be like say recession done tear dat side apart 5 Likes 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by seapson(m): 9:49am On Sep 17, 2016 I blame Buhari jare 2 Likes Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by herzern(m): 9:49am On Sep 17, 2016 Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Edum13656: 9:50am On Sep 17, 2016 Is it in Shoprite? Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Rick9(m): 9:51am On Sep 17, 2016 It's well Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by kaen1317: 9:51am On Sep 17, 2016 I don already buy 2. 1 for me 1 for my babe 1 Like 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by dtruseeker(m): 9:51am On Sep 17, 2016 Happy with my Samsung S7 and iPhone 6s 1 Like 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by godin: 9:52am On Sep 17, 2016 buhari why Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by AwesomeRomeo: 9:52am On Sep 17, 2016 Person no have money kobo in his pocket, no breakfast on his table this morning and you are showing him the picture of someone who bought a device of almost 240k I am looking for a cash not up to half of that amount to start a business but i couldn't get it. That money can change my life forever 9 Likes Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by handysuzy(f): 9:53am On Sep 17, 2016 It can not fit happen in Naija, for this Buhari time, queue for iPhone7? But there are no pictures of people queueing na...See photos of people queuing from diff part of the world for the iPhone7 here: http://factflyers.com/see-photos-people-already-queuing-iphone7/ Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Toluene15: 9:53am On Sep 17, 2016 Another potential Samsung Galaxy Note 7 41 Likes 2 Shares Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by Shiitposter: 9:54am On Sep 17, 2016 dtruseeker: Happy with my Samsung S7 and iPhone 6s You're camera quality doesn't look anything like s7 or iPhone 6 Or am i mistaken?. 2 Likes Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by ollah2: 9:54am On Sep 17, 2016 dtruseeker: Happy with my Samsung S7 and iPhone 6s Best of both worlds 1 Like 1 Share Re: The First Person To Buy iPhone 7 by whitebeard(m): 9:54am On Sep 17, 2016 Hello android (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (Reply) How To Read Whatsapp Message Without The Sender Knowing. / The Phones Spotted With Otedola At Zahra's Wedding Ceremony (Photo) / Samsung Galaxy A8: Samsung Slimmest Smartphone (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 61 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 07 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 07 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   iPhone 7 might have a major durability issue Share Tweet iPhone 7 might have a major durability issue The Lighti­ng jack would have to suffer twice as much usage than before­ By Tech Desk Published: September 17, 2016 0SHARES Share Tweet Email The Lighting jack would have to suffer twice as much usage than before. PHOTO: AFP The missing headphone jack in Apple’s recently released iPhone 7 is not just unattractive or inconvenient but it may also cause a major durability issue. Apple’s new iPhone unsurprisingly demonstrates superb built quality, however, the lighting jack which is now being shared by two accessories probably has the same lifespan. This could prove to be a major problem as the port now has to be used to charge the phone and connect headphones. iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide What this means then is that the lighting jack will now have half the lifespan that it had before since the phone’s port experiences wear and tear over use and though it is designed to withstand thousands of insertions it will now suffer twice as much than before. Apple has upped its game with the release of its new smartphone and the phone has a far superior built quality compared to the iPhone 6 and the Bendgate debacle. The screen and home button which now solely operate on touch can withstand majority of scratches that we’d expect with day to day use. Apple says initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus sold out The phone can also withstand direct contact with a flame for up to ten seconds before its pixels will turn off, and it will recover quickly if they do. Whether Apple has taken the increased use of the lightening jack into consideration or not we will find out with time. For those who have had their phones charging port fail can sit this one out or should buy the $159 AirPods along with iPhone 7 to reduce wear and tear on the charging port. This article originally appeared on Mashable. Have something to add. Please share in the comments below. Read more: AirPods , Apple , iPhone 7 Read full story Recommended Stories Apple says initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus sold out Supplies of the larger size of Apple's new phone have been exhausted in all shades iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide Apple sold of out the larger models quickly and had limited availability of the iPhone 7 Tim Cook on why AirPods won't fall out of your ears The new iPhone confirmed rumours of no headphone jack Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Ainak Wala Jinn's Bil Batori found begging on streets 2 Veteran actor Om Puri passes away at 66 3 Queen Elizabeth was almost shot by guardsman in Buckingham Palace 4 Will Karachi drown under the sea? 5 Raheel Sharif named chief of Islamic military coalition, says Khawaja Asif 6 9 times Om Puri stood up for Pakistan 7 Day Four: Pakistan 55-1 at stumps against Australia in Sydney Test 8 Pakistan’s Mustafa Ali defeats Israeli competitor in WWE 9 Five dead in US airport shooting 10 Shocking: 'Chaiwala' Arshad Khan quits showbiz Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Carefree times Hot off the streets Dhol baajay Pretty pink bells More in TechnologyHow Xiaomi installs apps without telling you © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones LeEco Le Pro 3 release date, specs: Live images show new flagship ahead of Sept. 21 launch LeEco will launch Le Pro 3 in two variants, both featuring different specs but similar design. Sami Khan   September 17, 2016 14:10 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares LeEco Le Pro 3 design leaked in live photosIBtimes India/Sami Khan It's been a busy last few days in the smartphone industry, with new flagship launches being lined up by companies to impress consumers. After Samsung, Apple came in the limelight for the launch of its flamboyant iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, but that's not the end of it. The battle will continue as China's LeEco will make its presence felt in the premium smartphone category by launching the Le Pro 3 on 21 September.  The internet conglomerate has been teasing the launch of its new smartphone and also trolling Apple on several occasions. LeEco's official Weibo account shared some teasers for the Le Pro 3, showcasing skill sets to master Apple's latest iPhone 7 Plus in areas such as battery, performance and innovation. These teasers are vague and do not talk about the handset's specifications or design. But a recent leak on Weibo shows the Le Pro 3's rear design, which is indeed the real deal as LeEco reblogged the listing, TechUpdate3 reported. The two photos showing the Le Pro 3 were shared by a Chinese actor, and hint at several details of the new smartphone. LeEco Le Pro 3 isn't going to be a massive departure from the company's signature design, as it features a metallic unibody design, mirror-surfaced fingerprint scanner at the back, large camera module next to an LED flash and the horizontal antenna lines. LeEco's new logo is found at the bottom of the rear panel and the power and volume buttons are placed at the right side of the device. Specifications about LeEco Le Pro 3 have been leaked time and again, giving us an early glimpse of what to expect from the firm's flagship next week. Rumour has it that the Le Pro 3 will come in two variants, both powered by Snapdragon 821 chipset. A smaller 5.5-inch model will come with 1080p display resolution, a 16MP primary camera, an 8MP selfie snapper, 6GB RAM, 64GB storage and a 4,070mAh battery. The leaked photos of the Le Pro 3 show the 5.5-inch variant, GSM Arena reported. The higher-end Le Pro 3 variant can be differentiated by its dual camera setup featuring 13MP sensors, a 16MP selfie camera, 8GB RAM, 256GB storage, a larger 5.7-inch QHD display and a 5,000mAh battery. Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Mass Effect 2 PC version available for free 10 hours ago By Aditya Bhat ZTE's Blade V8 is actually a good-looking dual-camera smartphone for budget shoppers 10 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Oz researchers impressed by Canada's controversial alcohol management programs Norway set to become first country to switch off FM radio completely Why advertise with us? most popular Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017 Check out what Microsoft has in store for gamers in 2017. Smartphones we simply cannot wait to see in 2017: iPhone 8, Samsung Galaxy X, OnePlus 4 and more These smartphones will change the way we look at smartphones. Tech for kids: This microSD card turns your old smartphone into a great learning device Make learning fun for your kids with CG Slate microSD card-powered tablets and smartphones. Samsung Galaxy S8 series launch delayed by a month Samsung has reportedly decided to skip Galaxy S8 launch at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017 in February and has plans to unveil it on a later date. Will Microsoft Lumia end soon? New developments add substance to speculation Services offered by ShotonmyLumia have been ported to the official Microsoft Lumia Instagram account. From VR shoes to vibrating shorts, these crazy tech gadgets at CES 2017 will leave you speechless Without these gadgets, CES 2017 would be uninspiring. Mi CES 2017 live stream: Where to watch product launch event online and time zone details Xiaomi's Mi CES 2017 event is scheduled to kick off at 11:00 am PST on January 5 (00:30 am IST, January 6). Nokia Android phone's 2017 roadmap is bigger than you thought Nokia's brand affiliate HMD Global Oy intends to launch more than five Android-powered smartphones in 2017. Photo Gallery Remo D'Souza launches mobile app #surprise Bollywood choreographer Remo D'Souza during the official launch of his own mobile application #surprise in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda at 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards Celebs like Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Tiger Shroff, Govinda, Ankita Shrivastava, Amruta Fadnavis, Mannara Chopra, Arsheen Nawdar and others spotted during at the 23rd SOL Lions Gold Awards in Mumbai on January 4, 2017. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile Computing iFixit teardowns of the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 show bigger batteries and Taptic Engines By Rob Thubron on Sep 16, 2016, 11:00 AM TechSpot iFixit is putting Apple’s recently unveiled devices through its signature teardown process. The site is taking apart the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Apple Watch 2 to show some of internal changes Apple hasn’t talked about. In its iPhone 7 Plus teardown, the iFixit team noted that the smartphone now opens to its side rather than to the top. There’s also a sealing strip around the perimeter that’s “considerably stronger” than the one found in its predecessor – something that’s likely related to its waterproofing abilities. The most interesting aspect of the teardown relates to Apple’s removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack. Apple said that one of the main reasons it was abandoning the long-used connection was to make space for other technology and better features. The company appears to have made good on this promise; losing the jack means a bigger battery, a much bigger Taptic Engine, and (likely) better water resistance. It’s the Taptic Engine – the component that provides tactile sensations in the form of vibrations - that takes up most of the space left by the 3.5mm connection’s removal. Its size probably relates to the fact that the phone now uses vibrations to indicate that the Home button has been pressed The battery, meanwhile, has increased to 2900 mAh, a jump up from the 2750 mAh battery powering the iPhone 6s. This backs up Apple’s claim that the newer device lasts an hour longer. The dual rear cameras are packed into a single module and, in the words of iFixit: “make it worth the bigger exterior camera bump—now built into the chassis in another suspected waterproofing/dust-fighting tactic.” With the Apple Watch Series 2, it seems that Apple has again gone with a larger battery. The teardown reveals a 273 mAh battery in the 38mm model - a 33 percent increase over the 205 mAh battery found in the original 38 mm Apple Watch. But this doesn’t indicate that the new watch will last longer than its predecessor; the added GPS feature and a brighter display means operating life is around the same length. Much like the iPhone 7 Plus, the Apple Watch 2 also features a larger Taptic Engine, as well as a much stronger adhesive sealant to improve its water resistance. A bigger metal shield has also been added next to the digital crown to improve waterproofing. The IFixit team hasn’t started the teardown of the smaller iPhone 7, but this will be arriving soon. And it's yet to give out repairability scores, as the teardowns are ongoing. Make sure to check them all out yourself at the iFixit site. Related Reads iFixit tears down the iPhone 6s, finds smaller battery, large Taptic Engine iFixit tears down the Apple Watch, finds tightly-packed internals Apple's iPhone 6s event is today, where to watch 6 comments 115 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… For every Samsung device activated during the holidays, Apple had two Apple could release a 5-inch iPhone 's' model with dual vertical cameras next year Leaked: There will be three iPhones released next year Popular 10 comments 13 Good Games You Can Play on Laptops and Budget PCs Mohu's AirWave is a wireless antenna for cord cutters 11 comments Dell's 32-inch, UltraSharp 8K monitor is incredible but like most things in Vegas, it's excessive 15 comments Have an early look at Project Neon, Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 UI update Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 92 Apple engineers may quit if forced by FBI to unlock iPhones 18 Question about iPhone 5(s)? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News iPhone encryption lawsuit: AP, other media sue FBI for details on hacking tool iPhone encryption lawsuit: AP, other media sue FBI for details on hacking tool AP, other media sue FBI to learn how much it spent to hack into an iPhone in its investigation into last year's San Bernardino shooting By: AP | Washington | Published:September 17, 2016 1:47 pm The suit by the media organizations argues that there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenges the adequacy of the FBI’s search for relevant records The Associated Press and two other news organizations sued the FBI on Friday to learn who the government paid and how much it spent to hack into an iPhone in its investigation into last year’s San Bernardino, California, massacre. The lawsuit seeks records about the FBI’s contract with an unidentified vendor who provided a tool to unlock the phone used by Syed Rizwan Farook, who with his wife killed 14 people at a holiday gathering of county workers in December 2015. Gannett, the parent company of USA Today, and Vice Media LLC joined the complaint with the AP, seeking to learn more about the mysterious transaction that cut short a legal dispute in which the government sought to force Apple Inc. to unlock the phone. “Understanding the amount that the FBI deemed appropriate to spend on the tool, as well as the identity and reputation of the vendor it did business with, is essential for the public to provide effective oversight of government functions and help guard against potential improprieties,” said the suit, filed in US District Court for the District of Columbia under the US Freedom of Information Act. In rejecting earlier requests to divulge the information, the government had said revealing the records could affect “enforcement proceedings,” but did not elaborate. FBI spokesman Chris Allen declined to comment Friday. The case stems from the FBI’s announcement in March that it had purchased a tool to unlock the iPhone, aborting the court fight with Apple that had in turn triggered a debate about the proper balance between electronic privacy and national security. The FBI for weeks had maintained that only Apple could help it access the work-issued phone, which was found in a car after the shooting and was protected by a passcode that included security protocols. At the Justice Department’s request, a magistrate judge in February directed Apple to create software that would bypass security features on the phone so that the FBI could get into the device and scour it for potential evidence. Apple contested the order, saying the FBI’s demand set a dangerous precedent and could undercut security protections for its customers. The two sides were headed for a court showdown when Justice Department officials revealed that a party outside the US government brought it a potential solution to unlock the phone. The FBI said a week later it successfully entered the phone using the tool. The lawsuit cites media reports as saying investigators did not find any links to foreign extremist groups on the device. Though FBI Director James Comey has released some details about the transaction, including saying that the FBI paid more than he’ll earn for his remaining years in the position, the agency has refused to say how much the solution cost or reveal how it worked. It also refused to share the information with Apple, which had expressed concern that circumventing its security protections could compromise its products. Also Read: Apple encryption row: FBI cracks San Bernardino shooter’s iPhone, withdraws court case The suit by the media organizations argues that there was no legal basis to withhold the information and challenges the adequacy of the FBI’s search for relevant records. It also said the public has a right to know whether the vendor has adequate security measures, is a proper recipient of government funds and will act only in the public interest. It was the third suit the AP has filed against the Obama administration under the Freedom of Information Act. Best of Express Model Code of Conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand EntertainmentOm Puri passes away after a massive heart attack, funeral at 6 pm EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 15: Aamir Khan film sets new benchmarks for industry EntertainmentSwami Om out of Bigg Boss 10 for peeing on contestants. But this is not a first on the show EntertainmentBigg Boss 10: Swami Om calls Salman Khan ISI agent, anti-national Must Read SportsKohli named captain; Yuvraj, Raina back in India squad SportsCan Yuvraj, 35, withstand rigours of ODI, T20I series? SportsRuns, tons, sixes: Pant finds a place in T20I squad TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 design revealed as first alleged photo surfaces TechnologyCES 2017: Huawei introduces Mate 9 at $599 with Amazon Alexa integration TechnologyGoogle's Sundar Pichai to IIT-KGP students: Education needs to go beyond books LifestyleSavour home-cooked food by grandmas from around the world at this Italian eatery! Jan 07: Latest News Odisha villagers punish teacher for ‘harassing’ student Gujarat: Fearing attacks, minor rape victim’s family flees village PIOs seek more time for demonetised currency exchange Girl ‘stalked, molested’ in Bengaluru Model code of conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition’s Budget delay demand                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out04:33 GMT +307 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Apple's Tax Bill in Ireland Out of EU Competency - Parliament Speaker © Photo: Pixabay Business 11:07 17.09.2016Get short URL 2175 0 0 Dictating EU member states' rate of taxation is not within the competency area of the bloc's authorities and Ireland will defend its right to tax US-based technology giant Apple in accordance with its laws, Sean O Fearghail, the speaker of the lower house of Ireland’s parliament, told Sputnik on Friday. STRASBOURG (Sputnik) — On August 30, the European Commission found that Ireland had provided Apple with up to $14.5 billion in illegal tax benefits, allowing the corporation to pay less than 1 percent in taxes between 1991 and 2007. The Commission ordered Apple to repay the amount to Ireland. "Fixing of tax rates, the collection of tax is a competency of the member states, it is not a matter for the European Union, and Ireland will do anything and everything that it has to do in order to protect its right and its competency in that regard," O Fearghail said on the sidelines of the European Conference of Presidents of Parliament. Apple has paid all the taxes it legally owed, he stressed, adding that there are certain international issues related to tax avoidance through legal loopholes which Ireland has moved to address on its part. "Many of the EU member states are quite frankly jealous of the extent at which Ireland has succeeded in attracting multinational players. European member states are not supportive of the fact that we have a 12.5 percent corporate taxation regime," he said. © Flickr/ Andy Apple of Discord: Brewing US-EU Tug-of-War Over Probe Into Tech Giant's Tax BillThe Irish government has previously warned that the European Commission's decision would damage the investment climate in Ireland, which is home to hundreds of US companies, offering them easier access to the European market. Both the Irish government and Apple intend to appeal the European Commission decision in court. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 0 0 Related: Bank of England to Bankroll Apple Despite 'Aggressive' Tax Avoidance Irish Disgrace Over Apple Tax Scam Dublin, Washington on Collision Course With Brussels Over Apple Tax Ruling EU Decision on Apple Tax Case to Harm Investments, Job Creation in Europe US-EU Trade Relations Under Strain Over Disputed $14.5 Billion Apple Tax Ruling Ireland Gave Apple Up to 13 Bln Euro in Illegal Tax Benefits Tags: taxation, European Union, Apple, Sean O Fearghail, Ireland TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply tobi.gelando 14:31 19.09.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Ask myself how many $$$$ I would get if I was telling that in a interview "Nothing" but if I was a member of Parliament ???? WOWShow new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 04:09Head of Russian Orthodox Church Congratulates Believers With Christmas Day 03:58WikiLeaks: US Intel Report on Russia Hacking 'Has Poor Sourcing and No Evidence' 03:502017 Foreign Policy Tactic: Hire Officials To Scour Trump’s Tweets 03:41Red Panda Dies at Pennsylvania Zoo a Year After Brother’s Death 03:33Trump Urged to Develop 'Aggressive' Response to Russia for Alleged HackingAll news US Lawmakers Introduce Amendment to Limit Congressional Terms 74247 Hyped Up Senate Hearing on Russian ‘Hacking’ Ends Up Being a Flop 12158 Delhi Wants to Ascertain Production, Export Right of Russia-India FGFA Project 10260 ISRO to Launch 103 Satellites in One Shot 10196 Google Expands Wings to Capture $1 Trillion Indian Digital Market 10048All news US Lawmakers Introduce Amendment to Limit Congressional Terms 269 Hyped Up Senate Hearing on Russian ‘Hacking’ Ends Up Being a Flop 85 Chinese Media: If India Makes More ICBMs, Beijing Will Help Pakistan Respond 34 Detailed Intel Report on Russian Alleged Hacking of US Election Released 34 CIA Chief Claims Russia Using ‘Scorched-Earth' Policy in Syria 26All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics The World Bathed in Backlight The Modest Start of a Massive Mistake 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Home Business September 17 2016 Save Print License article ATO investigates 35 e-commerce multinationals for sending income offshore Nassim Khadem Contact via Email Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Thirty-five e-commerce companies are under review or audit by the Australian Taxation Office for routing income through low-tax nations such as Singapore to avoid paying tax locally. The move comes as more companies challenge the ATO's right to tax their profits by appealing directly to international tax authorities. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 More National News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 02:07 Tech giants face tax evasion hearing Tech giants face tax evasion hearing Tech giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are quizzed by a Senate committee about their tax arrangements. Up Next Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:22 Video duration 01:22 Joyce sympathetic, not sorry Joyce sympathetic, not sorry There's been no apology from the Deputy PM over the Centrelink debt recovery saga, with Barnaby Joyce saying it's a necessary process to recoup money people aren't entitled to. Up Next Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:17 Video duration 02:17 Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot Timelapse: The bomb disposal robot After a bomb scare in Melbourne's CBD on Friday night, police deployed the bomb disposal robot to investigate the abandoned package. Up Next Australia's itty-bitty space program Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:53 Video duration 01:53 Australia's itty-bitty space program Australia's itty-bitty space program Cubesats are about to redefine the way we study the planet from space, and Australia is at the forefront of the burgeoning industry. Up Next The tennis match in question Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:51 Video duration 00:51 The tennis match in question The tennis match in question Police allege 18-year-old Australian tennis champ Oliver Anderson fixed this match at the Traralgon Challenger tournament last October. Up Next Minister's expensive impulse buy Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Minister's expensive impulse buy Minister's expensive impulse buy There are calls for Health Minister Sussan Ley to be sacked after revelations she bought a unit on the Gold Coast, while on a taxpayer funded trip with her husband. Up Next Essendon offers support following Hird health scare Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:32 Video duration 01:32 Essendon offers support following Hird ... Essendon offers support following Hird health scare Following a suspected overdose, players showed up to training and kept mum about their distressed coach. Vision courtesy Seven News, Melbourne. Up Next Queenslander wins $55 million Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:38 Video duration 01:38 Queenslander wins $55 million Queenslander wins $55 million A lucky Queenslander has scooped the entire $55 million in Powerball on Thursday night. More videos Tech giants face tax evasion hearing Tech giants Google, Apple and Microsoft are quizzed by a Senate committee about their tax arrangements. In an interview with Fairfax Media, ATO deputy commissioner Mark Konza also signalled a warning to companies "contriving" new tax arrangements to escape being hit by the federal government's new anti-avoidance laws, known informally as Australia's "Google tax". He said the ATO was looking at the tax structures used by several well-known multinationals that route profits through low-tax nations. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link ATO deputy commissioners Jeremy Hirschhorn (left) and Mark Konza. Photo: Alex Ellinghausen Pressed about which low-tax nations he was referring to, Mr Konza would not name specific countries or companies, but said many of the cases were detailed during the recent Senate inquiry into corporate tax avoidance. Companies including Apple, Microsoft, Google, Uber and Airbnb were just some of the companies interrogated during that inquiry for their use of low-tax or no-tax jurisdictions. Advertisement Of the 35 e-commerce cases under investigation, Mr Konza said 17 were at review stage, and 18 were under audit. Those reviews and audits are focused on whether the amount of income declared in Australia is adequate, he said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Maile Carnegie, former managing director of Google Australia & New Zealand, was one of the witnesses pulled before the Senate inquiry in Sydney on April 8, 2015. Photo: Christopher Pearce Is enough income being declared? Mr Konza said the recent high-profile European Commission decision against Apple –  that the company had received "illegal state aid" and will have to pay back up to €13 billion ($19 billion) in back taxes, plus interest, to Ireland – did not have direct implications on Australian taxpayers. That was about whether the correct tax rate had been applied to income, he said.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Ann-Maree Wolff and Phil Edmands testified for Rio Tinto at the corporate tax avoidance inquiry. Photo: Jesse Marlow In the Australian context it was about whether the right amount of income has been declared in Australia.  At the Senate inquiry, Tax Commissioner Chris Jordan accused multinationals including Apple, Microsoft and Google of giving inaccurate evidence and signalled they had been under audit for "aggressive tax planning". I was quite shocked by what I saw... I thought it was a blatant attempt [to work] against the will of Parliament. ATO deputy commissioner Mark Konza The inquiry heard, for example, that in Google and Microsoft's case, the companies sent income to low-tax Singapore as well as no-tax nations such as Bermuda. The inquiry had also heard from companies such as Uber, which routes through Nethrlands, and Airbnb which sends income through Ireland. Uber has, for example, paid just over $403,000 tax in Australia over a three-year period. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Uber's director of public policy (Oceania), Brad Kitschke , appears before the Corporate Tax Avoidance inquiry on November 18, 2015 in Sydney. Photo: Dominic Lorrimer Appeals against tax bills on the rise If a company feels that they have been unfairly taxed by two different countries, it can appeal to tax administrators.  In recent years the number of multinational companies appealing Australia's right to tax – under an international process known as a mutual agreement procedure (MAP) –  has spiked. These cases do not just impact e-commerce companies, but all multinationals, particularly those involved in transfer pricing disputes. ATO figures show that as of June 30 2016 there were 37 MAP cases in progress (up from 23 at the end of 2015), most of which relate to transfer pricing issues. The ATO said so far 13 MAP cases have been finalised (10 of which were related to transfer pricing). Of the 10 transfer pricing-related MAP cases finalised, nine resulted in revenue "adjustments", five of which saw more revenue flowing to Australia, and four of which resulted in less revenue. Asked how much revenue this amounted to, an ATO spokesman said: "We do not give out details about revenue adjustments." Mr Konza said the ATO was working with the OECD to avoid tax revenue wars with overseas tax administrators. "There's been a lot of progress over the past three years in getting clearer and agreed rules on how things should be done," Mr Konza said. Multinationals try to circumvent the "Google tax"  The bigger concern, Mr Konza said, was that a number of companies and their tax advisers were turning to dubious tax structures to avoid getting hit by the federal government's multinational anti-avoidance laws (MAAL).  The MAAL applies to multinational groups that operate in Australia but book their profits offshore. As previously revealed to Fairfax Media, ​the ATO has identified 175 companies that may fall within the scope of the laws. Mr Konza said to escape being hit by the laws, tricky schemes were being developed whereby an Australian partnership is interposed between the foreign company and the Australian customer. The multinationals then claim that because the partnership is technically an "Australian entity" for tax purposes – even though its profits are predominantly allocated to offshore entities for tax purposes –  the MAAL does not apply. But Mr Konza said he was appalled by the conduct of two taxpayers – one was a service company and the other was a financial services company – that had used this "contrived" and "artificial" arrangement to prevent being hit by the laws. He said in one purported partnership case just 1 per cent of the income was coming to the Australian entity, and 99 per cent was still going through the foreign entity. "I was quite shocked by what I saw," Mr Konza said. "I thought it was a blatant attempt [to work] against the will of Parliament." The amount of money involved in these two matters was worth tens of millions of dollars, but Mr Konza said it was not about the amount of individual tax involved, but the fact that their intent was to undermine the laws. "That's a situation that the ATO and the federal government will not tolerate," he said. 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Centrelink Phone Lines Jammed, People ... Contains: External link Sussan Ley Bought A Gold Coast Flat ... Contains: External link Most Popular Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Is 2017 the year the scales tip? Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Dreamworld takes $6m ticket hit after tragedy Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze How Elon Musk's brother is disrupting farming Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand The Sydney Morning Herald Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida After Hird scare, Buckley rails against personal attacks Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion 6 Plus Fuss Apple blasted by iPhone 6 users for ignoring touchscreen faults… and customers are still forking out for repairs Apple has been accused of failing to respond to the failure By SOPHIE ROBERTS 17th September 2016, 8:47 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments TECH giant Apple has come under fire for failing to fix touchscreen faults on the iPhone 6. Thousands of customers who have purchased the device have reported the function failing when they’ve been using their phones as normal. Getty Images 2 Customers have complained that the touchscreen isn’t working properly Although experts believe that the iPhone 6 fault is an engineering flaw, Apple is yet to acknowledge the issue. In many cases, customers are being forced to hand over their cash to pay for repairs, even though the touchscreen failure may not have anything to do with them. Since the beginning of the year, “touch disease” became a major hardware problem which affected the function of phones. The issue, which is believed to affect the controller chips in the device, prevents the touchscreen from responding during use. Getty Images 2 The iPhone 6 is less susceptible to failure as it doesn’t bend like the Plus It’s believed that the iPhone 6 Plus is the most at risk of touchscreen because of its tendency to bend. As the device can sometimes flex, the controller chips can come loose, resulting in “touch disease”. In bad cases, phone screens are left completely useless or impossible to control. Other users have claimed that they have to apply force to different parts of the screen to reset and activate it. Related Stories iREMEMBER As the iPhone 7 flies off the shelves what happened in the football world when the iPhone 1 came out? LAUNCH DAY Where to buy the cheapest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and is Apple Payments worth it? APPLE FOOLS iPhone 7 superfans queue up outside Apple Store in Berlin TWO DAYS before the handset is released WHAT A BOOB Secret porn stash found on MILLIONS of Apple iPhones as iOS 10 update allows kids to access X-rated GIFs 'WHERE THE HELL IS MY IPHONE?' iPhone 7 delays spark Twitter FURY as some told phones won't be delivered until October Tech expert Mark Shaffer, who works for independent repair company iPad Rehab, told Motherboard: “It’s absolutely a problem in the design. End users are not doing anything to cause this besides using the phone normally.” To prevent your iPhone 6 from becoming victim to “touch disease”, it’s advised to keep your device safe from bending. Mark recommends: “Really all you can do is avoid any activity that would cause the phone to flex. “Don’t drop it, definitely don’t put it in any case that requires you to apply force to the phone to get it into and out of the case. “Don’t put it in your back pocket, don’t put it in your front pocket if it’s a tight pocket. Actually, don’t put it in any pocket.” The Sun has contacted Apple for comment and are currently awaiting a response. We took a brand new iPhone 7 and threw it down the toilet to see if it is waterproof The Sun Topics Apple iPhones Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News Exclusive NOT LOVIN' IT McDonald's customer complained after being served THIS disgusting milkshake only to be told by staff: 'It… News Latest TERROR AT THE TERMINAL Army reservist who shot dead five people at Florida airport 'had walked into an FBI office claiming… News WHAT THE TUT?! Scientists spooked as Egyptian relic in Kent museum that experts thought was a dead bird turns out to be… News Video BOY SOLDIER Adorable moment birthday boy in Guardsman uniform salutes marching soldiers at Windsor Castle… and their… News LEFT TO DIE Newborn baby boy found, alive, DUMPED in a rubbish bin in hospital toilets News SUPERMARKET SWEEP Mum and daughter arrested after only scanning cheapest items in basket at Asda self-service checkout News MUM'S TEARS FOR 'STUD BADBOY' Heartbroken mum of 'drug dealer' gunned down by cops on M62 sobs in anguish at mosque for his… News NUDE SNAP FURY Sky Sports presenter Diletta Leotta slams hackers who posted naked pictures online after hacking her iCloud News COMET 'AVE A GO Asteroid apocalypse emergency plans are drawn up... and it could be very bad news for the UK News TOO SEXY FOR SOCIAL MEDIA Reality star's Instagram shut down for pics she says site bosses found 'offensively' sexy News KILLED OVER A SHOE City worker killed ex-colleague with single punch after he threw his SHOE out of a taxi in a drunken prank News THE DEVIL'S DOUBLE Spooky snap of giant ‘winged demon’ goes viral with some users claiming it heralds start of the apocalypse News RUSSIAN TO WAR US sends special forces to Russian border as Nato is poised to strike back against Putin's 'aggression' News BANNED LORD Property tycoon bans single mums, battered wives, parents with kids under 18, single adults and even PLUMBERS… News Exclusive 'VICTIM' & Mr Big 'Stud Badboy' shot dead by cops on M62 posed for photo with drug kingpin pal - who is now serving 10 years News Most Popular Exclusive GEORGE DEATH PROBE Major crime cops to probe George Michael's death and quiz his lover over fears star was killed by drug… News Exclusive Hol Lotta Love Holly Willoughby's hit dating show Meet the Parents has won a new series after huge success of first show TV & Showbiz Exclusive foot the bill Snooty mum invoices friend for £325 after daughter, 3, returns from play-date with pen marks on shoes Living SINGLE MINDED Coleen Nolan takes her wedding ring OFF for Celebrity Big Brother after saying it was a 'trial separation' TV & Showbiz Exclusive GRIEZ YOUR PALM Man United offer Antoine Griezmann amazing £220,000-a-week deal to match pal Paul Pogba Football 'I'm going to smash your face in' Coleen Nolan snaps at Angie Best as sparks fly over Loose Women host's smoking habit TV & Showbiz Video CHASING A MILLION The Chase's Mark Labbett once competed on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire… but how much did he win? Living Exclusive BARGAIN BIN BIEBER Poundland NOT sorry for flogging Justin Bieber's Official Annual 2017 for a quid Living TOOL BELTER Celebrity Big Brother host Emma Willis looks unrecognisable as she poses in undies and builders gear TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'He filmed himself raping me' Mum, 21, suffered sick 'revenge rape' while she SLEPT by violent ex who threatened to post… Living IT'S ALL KICKING OFF Austin Armacost removed from CBB living room after furious bust-up with Heidi Montag TV & Showbiz Exclusive NOT LOVIN' IT McDonald's customer complained after being served THIS disgusting milkshake only to be told by staff: 'It… News Exclusive DOUBLE TROUBLE Jedward will make a surprise entrance to the Celebrity Big Brother house... TONIGHT TV & Showbiz LIFE-SAVING OP Baby boy has four litres of fluid removed from skull after it swelled to THREE TIMES the normal size Living GRAPPLE CORE Meet the female wrestlers who batter their male clients into submission at a padded North London fetish gym for… Living Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
null
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Prep Football: Apple Valley retains Bell with late touchdown Saturday Sep 17, 2016 at 12:12 AM Sep 17, 2016 at 12:20 AM Matthew Peters Staff Writer @DP_MattPeters APPLE VALLEY — The 2016 Bell Game was played under a full moon. And while there were plenty of dramatic twist and turns between the opening and final whistles, there was no funny business about the end result. Apple Valley (3-0) continued a long stretch of dominance in the annual series by beating Victor Valley 29-22 on Friday at Newton T. Bass Stadium. Apple Valley has owned the Bell for six straight years and won 11 of the last 13 Bell Games. For the second straight year the Sun Devils needed a late TD to keep that Bell decked in black and orange. Quarterback Mossy Bell found T.J. Lewis in tight but single coverage on fourth-and-5 from the Victor Valley 32 with about five minutes to play. The Sun Devils were trailing 22-21. “Man, it’s a feeling you just can’t explain,” Lewis said. “All these fans. All these people. A game like this and then it comes down with a grab like that, it’s just a feeling that I can’t explain. But I know I’m excited. I’m ready to go have fun with my boys. “I knew the corner was going to bite on it. Once I did the turnaround, he kind of grabbed my jersey. I just knew I couldn’t let that stop me, you know? I reached with my hands out and came down with it and that’s all that matters. I made the play happen.” Bell finished the game with 204 yards on 17 of 34 passing. He had two touchdowns and an interception. Seth Baker added a 2-point conversion on the play and was named the game’s MVP by the Great American Rivalry Series. He finished the game with 66 rushing yards on 13 carries while also playing defense. Apple Valley started the game with a bang. Charles Logan returned the opening kickoff 86 yards for a quick 7-0 lead. He initially fumbled the ball but picked it up and sliced through the Jackrabbits’ coverage. Apple Valley had much more than that first burst. The Sun Devils jumped out to an 18-0 lead late in the second quarter. They held Victor Valley to negative yardage at that point and no first downs and scored two of their points off a safety to start the second quarter. Then the Jackrabbits passing game came alive. Quarterback Justin Ortiz hit Gabriel Trujillo on back-to-back plays for the Jackrabbits’ first completions with about four minutes to play in the half. The first was a 62-yard bomb and the second was a 15-yard catch in the end zone that put Victor Valley (3-1) on the board. Ortiz hit Andy Garcia on the 2-point conversion to make it an 18-8 game. On Apple Valley’s next drive Kristopher Hawkins intercepted Bell and returned the ball 54 yards to the Apple Valley 6-yard line. Four players later Henzell Fotofili barreled his way into the end zone to make it an 18-15 game with 39 seconds left in the half. Apple Valley’s Ethan Smith converted on his second field goal of the half to give the Sun Devils a 21-15 lead going into halftime. But Victor Valley had finally found its rhythm and continued to move the ball in the second half. The Jackrabbits took their first lead of the game with 3:20 left in the third quarter. Ortiz lobbed a pass to Desmen Kepley in the end zone to make it a 22-21 game. The teams traded drives until Apple Valley was finally able to convert in the fourth quarter. Apple Valley went on a 67-yard, seven play drive that ended with Lewis crossing the goal line. But Victor Valley wasn’t done. The ’Rabbits made it to the Apple Valley 1-yard line but Fotofili couldn’t pound the ball in on fourth down. “It was tough,” Baker said. “They put (Fotofili) out there and we just shut him down. We blitz hard and we came through. Sun Devil football.” That left Apple Valley just needing to run out the clock with about three minutes left. The Sun Devils moved the ball to about midfield and soon they were running back to their beloved Bell for a sixth straight year. Victor Valley 0 15 7 0 — 22 Apple Valley 10 11 0 8 — 29 First Quarter A — Logan 86 kick return (Smith kick) A — Smith 29 FG Second Quarter A — Safety A — Griffin 13 pass from Bell (run failed) V — Trujillo 15 pass from Ortiz (Garcia pass from Ortiz) V — Fotofili 3 run (Gomez kick) A — Smith 37 FG Third Quarter V — Kepley 15 pass from Ortiz (Gomez kick) Fourth Quarter A — Lewis 32 pass from Bell (Baker run) Matthew Peters can be reached at 760-955-5365 or mpeters@vvdailypress.com. You can also follow him on Twitter @DP_MattPeters. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / 7 amazing hacks to breathe life into your old iPhone 7 amazing hacks to breathe life into your old iPhone by Rupert Radley 17 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments If you’re planning on landing yourself a new iPhone 7, you could soon have an older Apple device lying around gathering dust. What should you do with your old iPhone? Well, you could give it back to Apple or trade it in to your old network for a bit of cash, but the chances are that you’ll never get paid its true value. Alternatively, you could hold on to the device and keep it as a spare for when you inevitably drop your new phone and cobweb-shatter the screen so badly that even the guy in the Apple Store lets out a gasp. We prefer that last option, although you don't have to let it sit idly in drawer. Instead, prolong its working life by taking inspiration from these 7 great uses for your old iPhone. Watch: iOS 10 tips and tricks Reuse your old iPhone – Security camera You don’t need to fork out a couple of hundred quid to keep your house secure. By just downloading a free iOS app such as Presence, you can turn your iPhone into a security camera. Presence will let your iPhone live stream video to any number of viewers, so you can always monitor your home. It's also a motion-detection system that will send you a push notification if anything moves near your old iPhone. What’s more, it’ll work on models all the way back to the iPhone 3GS, so there's a chance you might own more than one old iPhone that can be turned into a home security system for keeping an eye on your precious items. Check out this guide to how to turn your old iPhone into a security camera Related: iPhone 7 – Your complete guide Reuse your old iPhone – Retro games console That’s right, you can use your old iPhone to play your favourite Mario games, and much, much more. It’ll take a bit of effort to get this one done right, though. You’ll need an iPhone 4S or newer, emulation software and the right cables to connect your device to your TV – or you can use AirPlay if you’ve got an Apple TV. You could even add an old-school controller, but that’s not necessary to play the games. The software is the tricky part. There are loads of different emulators available, and different ones emulate different consoles. There's no do-it-all emulator, unfortunately. Check out this guide to how to turn your old iPhone into a retro games console Reuse your old iPhone – Sat-nav Don’t bother paying out for a sat-nav when you can just turn your old iPhone into a permanent dash-mounted navigator. To do this, your old device does need to have a network connection, so unfortunately you'll have to pay for one again. Happily, a SIM-only deal with plenty of data is pretty cheap nowadays, so it’s unlikely to break the bank and we reckon it’s worth the benefits. Sure, you could just use your new iPhone for this job, but your older model can become your dedicated car device, saving the battery and data of your everyday phone. Your old iPhone makes for an even better car companion when you enable Find My iPhone, effectively making it Find My Car. Similarly, you can fill it with tracks for roadtrips or, even better, stream directly from Spotify or Apple Music. Check out this guide to how to turn your old iPhone into a sat-nav Related: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6s – Should you upgrade? Reuse your old iPhone – Remote mouse or trackpad This one’s a pretty easy hack. It only requires a couple of downloads and could be the solution to putting your computer at the heart of your home entertainment system. First up, you’ll need to download a mouse app from the App Store. Mobile Mouse comes highly recommended and is free, although there is a paid version with more features. Then you’ll need to download some software for your Mac or PC. Very quickly and easily you'll have a phone you can use as a mouse as well as a mini keyboard. Check out this guide to how to turn your old iPhone into a mouse or trackpad Reuse your old iPhone – Secondary monitor OK, so this one is probably better suited to any old iPads you having kicking about, but that’s not to say it won’t work on your iPhone – especially if it’s the chunky 6S Plus. It’s a bit of a faff to set up and some of the software comes at a price, but having two displays can be priceless when working. Plus it’ll still be cheaper than buying a second monitor outright. Check out this guide to how to turn your old iPhone into a second display Related: Amazon Echo – What you need to know Watch: iPhone 7 vs 7 Plus Reuse your old iPhone – Baby monitor Let your old iPhone help you keep an eye on your youngster. Simply download an app, set up the iPhone with its camera pointing at the baby and then live stream the video feed to your spanking-new iPhone 7. There are loads of apps available, so it’s worth taking a bit of time to work out which one will be best for you. Consider whether you’ll need it to work when not connected to Wi-Fi (using data via a SIM) as well as checking the privacy settings of the app. Check out this guide to how to turn your old iPhone into a baby monitor Reuse your old iPhone – Smart home controller Again, there are loads of apps – Manything, Bemo and Rico, to name a few – that let you turn your old iPhone into a smart home hub. The success of this project will come down to the number of smart objects that you own. If you love your Philips Hue light bulbs, smart thermostat and more, this could be perfect for you. We’re pretty big fans of IFTTT, which integrates all your smartphone features – and much more – into one app. Related: 26 brilliantly useful IFTTT recipes Watch: The refresh – The best tech gossip this week What's your best hack for an old iPhone? Let us know in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Apple Safari Customer Service * Apple Safari Technical Support * More Tags... Industry News * Internet * More Industries... News By Location * Los Angeles   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong United Kingdom - - - More Countries Industry News January 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 6 5 4 3 2 1 December 2016 31 How to update Apple Safari Browser     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Apple Safari Customer Service * Apple Safari Technical Support Industry: * Internet Location: * Los Angeles - California - USLOS ANGELES - Sept. 17, 2016 - PRLog -- Apple Safari browser is a web browser developed by Apple based on the webkit engine. The browser was first released in 2003 with the MAC and later the iphone version for the same was released after the invention of the iphone. Advantages of Apple Safari Browser: • The user needs to take a quick and a glimpse look at the advantages of the apple safari web browser. The user may take help of the Apple Safari Customer Service for getting quick and instant help from the technical experts. They are as follows: • ·        The apple safari browser helps the users to browse on the net and serf various sites and then later gather useful and vital information, they can download movies, listen to songs and then watch movies. • ·        The browser is a source of information for the people. Steps to Update the Apple Safari web browser: • ·        The user firstly needs to open the Apple menu and then they need to choose the App store. • ·        Right at the top of the window a small icon on which Update is written appears. • ·        The user needs to click on that update button present on the toolbar. • ·        The user needs to expand the Apple icon from the menu and then needs to click on the option available for the software update. • ·        Then the user needs to click on the Show details button available. • ·        The safari button needs to be checked in order to update the browser. • ·        Lastly the user needs to click on the Install button in order to continue and then the user needs to restart the computer. • ·        The user needs to restart the given computer and then check the availability of the new updated Apple Safari Browser. • •       In case the user is not able to update the Apple Safari Browser, then the user needs to take help of the Apple Safari Technical Support. For more detail visit on http://www.mtechnicalsupport.com/apple-safari-customer-se... End Source : Mtechnical Support Email : ***@w2c.co.in Tags : Apple Safari Customer Service, Apple Safari Technical Support Industry : Internet Location : Los Angeles - California - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Mtechnical Support News To fix issue when HP Printer is not installing on Mac Resolve issue -Internet explorer is not opening in windows 7 Steps for reset Linksys router IP address Configuration process for Hotmail account in outlook 2007 How to configure Gmail in outlook easily ? Trending Media Veteran Dean Mandel Launches Viamark Advertising in New York City Spirent and Tata Elxsi announce new customer win in China for their joint Advanced V2X test system LaSalle Network Achieves Double Digit Revenue Growth in 2016 AnnMarie Fox announces melodic "Land Ain't Loving Me" single Florida Staffing Association Names New President Daily News Spirent and Tata Elxsi announce new customer win in China for their joint Advanced V2X test system - 254 views The 2017 Inside Baseball Coaches Clinic Features SACRED HEART Pitching Coach Wayne Mazzoni - 179 views Florida Staffing Association Names New President - 153 views Nail Essentials Nail Polish Remover Wipes - Now available at Lewis Drug - 149 views Local business demonstrates commitment to community by adopting new program - 145 views Weekly News United Premier Soccer League Announces Atlas USA FC as Championship Division Expansion Team - 1320 views Kipper Jones Announces Release of "Ashes to Ashes..." and Challenges Artists On Inaugration Day 2017 - 1181 views Teen Dance movie announces ALL-STAR cast - 1018 views Mystic Ink Rings In The New Year With New Offerings And A New Look - 693 views Client Focused Media welcomes new Account Manager - 575 views Daily News Spirent and Tata Elxsi announce new customer win in China for their joint Advanced V2X test system - 254 views The 2017 Inside Baseball Coaches Clinic Features SACRED HEART Pitching Coach Wayne Mazzoni - 179 views Florida Staffing Association Names New President - 153 views Nail Essentials Nail Polish Remover Wipes - Now available at Lewis Drug - 149 views Local business demonstrates commitment to community by adopting new program - 145 views Weekly News United Premier Soccer League Announces Atlas USA FC as Championship Division Expansion Team - 1320 views Kipper Jones Announces Release of "Ashes to Ashes..." and Challenges Artists On Inaugration Day 2017 - 1181 views Teen Dance movie announces ALL-STAR cast - 1018 views Mystic Ink Rings In The New Year With New Offerings And A New Look - 693 views Client Focused Media welcomes new Account Manager - 575 views PTC News Lennar Grand Opens Montecito Walk at WestPark in Roseville Saturday, January 7 - 349 views 'Guardians,' 'X-Files,' Mayhew Q&As Highlight Panels At Wizard World New Orleans - 237 views PM&E, Inc. Closes On Contractual Agreement with DiNelly EXOGYRO - 195 views Lennar's Quatama Park Grand Open Saturday, January 20 - 109 views Lennar Opens a New Model at Monterey Ranch - 97 views Sep 17, 2016 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Science  • Technology •  Computer Industry Internet Automotive One News Page > Technology > The Essential Accessory For All AirPod Users.. Wires! The Essential Accessory For All AirPod Users.. Wires! Saturday, 17 September 2016 by Graham Pierrepoint It’s been a busy month for Apple – not only has the iPhone 7 been announced to mixed reception (though mainly praise), but they have also rolled out their latest operating system, iOS 10, and have unleashed their first wireless earphones upon a world that never knew they needed them – retailing at $159, the AirPod earbuds have been subjected to widespread discussion online, from genuine interest to mockery through Twitter. Concern over the small size of the AirPods along with their retail price has spread across the social network, though it remains likely that the accessories will continue to pick up interest from Apple fans and music lovers alike – and this week, it has emerged that one of the first accessories for the product is on its way to sale – but some may be a bit baffled by their purpose. For $10, manufacturer Spigen is releasing wired cable in the form of an AirPod Strap, enabling users to worry no longer about losing their wireless earphones while out and about. While the accessory wires are a great idea for anyone that may be particularly concerned over losing their premium earbuds in the street, the announcement may be met with concerns over whether or not the accessory defeats the purpose of the product. After all, anyone wishing to invest in wireless earphones at the rate that Apple request may be unlikely to tie them down to cabling. However, in response to concern over just how safe and secure the AirPods are – particularly in public – the accessory does provide users with the ability to anchor them down on occasion, meaning that they will always have the option to go wireless should they want to. In this regard, the product does seem rather intuitive. How well the AirPods will perform will remain to be seen, but it is a further move in the direction of removing wires from our lives completely. While wireless games console controllers have been a staple for over a decade, other concepts such as wireless charging for smartphones and tablets are still very much on the mainstream horizon – and with Apple, Google and Samsung leading the charge on technical innovation of late, it is highly unlikely that we are through with seeing wireless re-imagining of the technology we hold dear. It’s hard to imagine that we once lived in a world without remote control for our televisions – and even without television at all! 8 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Technology NISSAN and BMW bring Microsoft's Cortana assistant to cars MICROSOFT exec Peggy Johnson tells us why Nissan is betting big on MICROSOFT's car strategy (MSFT) Xiaomi unveils a TV that's thinner than the IPHONE A closer look at the TOYOTA concept car that wants to be your best friend We bought and sold BITCOIN — here's how it works TIME WARNER's stock is falling on news that Trump still opposes the AT&T merger (TWX, T) Google Calendar helps with FITNESS GOALS by logging workouts Study: Travelers would rather spice up hotel stays with NETFLIX than with porn Razer’s Insane PROJECT VALERIE Laptop Packs Three 4K displays Record-breaking New Year’s Day helps push Apple to $20B in App STORE SALES in 2016 Twitter •More original news reports from One News Page Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Om Puri Carrie Fisher Debbie Reynolds Current Topics Starbucks South Korea Former CIA New Jersey Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has This Disney Director Just Confirmed That Elsa And Anna Have a Secret Brother..? Is It Apple's Time To Face The Music? New Lawsuit Places Firm In Hot Water The UK Just Lost Its Top Brexit Negotiator MOVIE REVIEW: Passengers Coming Soon - A Brief Look AT 2017's Biggest Movies New Year's Honours List: Olympic Stars Celebrated George Michael's Cause Of Death Is Inconclusive - So Far One News Page's Top 10 Movies Of 2016 Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Telecom Fans cheer, but iPhone 7 gets a subdued welcome Fans cheer, but iPhone 7 gets a subdued welcome Source : By : Adam Jourdan, Tom Westbrook and Julia Love Last Updated: Sat, Sep 17, 2016 11:56 hrs Tweet Mail Print Apple employees enthusiastically counted down the last moments before stores from San Francisco to Shanghai opened on Friday to launch the iPhone 7, but the ranks of shoppers were notably thinner than in previous years. Apple Inc fans assembled at stores around the world to be among the first to buy the iPhone 7, the retail phenomenon that accompanies the launch of the company's updated flagship product each year. The tech giant announced earlier this week that the larger iPhone 7 Plus had sold out, prompting some who had set up camp outside Apple's marquee store in San Francisco to pack up their bags and head home. To be sure, online pre-orders have made lines unnecessary for all but diehard fans, and in Chinese stores only those who had ordered in advance were queuing to collect. Yet in markets like China, online interest in the new phone has also been muted, as cheaper local brands amp up their design and marketing. Wu Ting, a 28-year-old from Nanjing, was surprised to find herself first in line at a downtown Apple store in Shanghai on Friday, a holiday in China. "I found last year that there were crowds of people, but this year almost no one. I came an hour early thinking I'd have to wait a long time before getting seen," Wu said. The stakes for the iPhone 7 are high after sales of the gadget dropped during two straight quarters this year, the first declines in its history. The iPhone is Apple's lifeblood, accounting for more than half of the company's revenue. But some on Wall Street fear that the world's most valuable company is due for a disappointing year as the redesigned phone features largely incremental improvements, such as an enhanced camera and new headphone technology. Sales in China will be a key harbinger for Apple's prospects: The success of the iPhone 6 in China propelled the company to record heights in 2014, while the 6S contributed to the company's first global revenue drop in over a decade earlier this year. Apple will not release first-weekend sales of the phones this year, a break with previous policy. The figure has become a reflection of supply more than demand, the company said. An index of searches on Baidu Inc , China's most popular search engine, shows the new phone lagging both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5. Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more than doubling a year earlier, while its market share has fallen to around 7.8 percent, placing it fifth behind local rivals Huawei, OPPO and Vivo. "From Steve Jobs to Tim Cook, Apple has never had any marketing strategy tailor-made for China," said Zhou Zhanggui, a Beijing-based strategic consultant. "Apple risks losing out more if it does not better cater to local demands in its marketing as well as product design." In Beijing's fashionable Sanlitun shopping district, several people who had already grabbed new iPhone 7s were hawking them for a markup just outside a flagship store. LOYAL FANS LINE UP IN SYDNEY But Apple has not lost its shine for all customers. Marcus Barsoum, a 16-year-old who described himself as a "diehard Apple fan," spent two nights camped outside the Sydney store. By morning, some 200 people were gathered in light rain to be the first customers globally to own iPhone 7s. Weary but elated, Barsoum charged into the store at 8 a.m. to the cheers of Apple staff. He emerged with a matte black iPhone 7, although he had wanted a larger 7 plus in jet black. "It feels great to be the first in the world to have the iPhone 7," he said. "It was 100 percent worth it." Omar Nofal, a 26-year-old doctor in San Francisco, was all smiles as he emerged from the Apple Store with a silver iPhone 7, his first upgrade in four years. He said he was tempted to hold off until next year, when many predict Apple will redesign the iPhone to mark the gadget's 10th anniversary, but his phone has a cracked screen. "I couldn't wait another year," he said. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved

Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2016] Why You Shouldn’t Buy the New Apple TV Craig Lloyd10/23/2015 Apple will be taking orders for its new Apple TV on Monday, but here’s why you shouldn’t by the New Apple TV. Advertisement The new set-top box is a huge overhaul over the Apple TV 3, coming with an all-new remote that has a built-in trackpad, a revamped user interface, and a handful of new features that blow the older model out of the water. Some of these new features include gaming support, where you can now play games on your television with the Apple TV and use the remote as your controller. There’s now also an Apple TV App Store, which allows you to download third-party apps instead of only having the provided content channels that the Apple TV 3 has. The gaming aspect isn’t anything spectacular, as you won’t find Xbox One or PS4 quality games on the new Apple TV, but it will similar to a Nintendo Wii, with fun games that the whole family can play on the living room television without shelling out hundreds of dollars for a dedicated gaming console. Advertisement However, while the new Apple TV looks like a really great device, here’s why you shouldn’t buy it, and instead stick with the Apple TV 3. Advertisement Don’t Buy the New Apple TV Okay, so I know I said that the new Apple TV is a major overhaul over the Apple TV 3, and that’s quite easy to see when you compare the two devices. It’s no contest. However, that doesn’t mean that the Apple TV 3 isn’t a capable device anymore. Whenever a new product comes out, it’s pretty easy to forget about the older models, and that will go double for the Apple TV lineup. Once the new Apple TV hits store shelves, the Apple TV 3 will fall by the wayside. That’s to be expected, though, and there’s not a lot that can be done about it. However, the Apple TV 3 is still a really great set-top box, especially for the price. Advertisement At only $69 ($59 for a refurbished unit), you get a streaming box that can do quite a bit. There’s obviously the integration with the iTunes Store to purchase movies, TV shows, music, etc., but you also have a handful of streaming apps like Netflix, Hulu, HBO, and Showtime, as well as bunch of live streaming apps that range from news to sports. The Apple TV also comes with AirPlay, which allows you to beam content from your iPhone, iPad, or Mac to your television through the Apple TV. Of course, the new Apple TV has all of this and more, so it’s certainly the better buy as far as features are concerned, but chances are you don’t need all of those features. For starters, the gaming support is pretty cool, but if you’re already invested in living room entertainment, chances are you already have a gaming console that you play way too often for your own good. The new Apple TV could provide a unique gaming experience, but you already have a stack of PS4 games that you probably need to play through anyway before you even think about branching out. Advertisement Furthermore, the Apple TV App Store is pretty cool, but from the apps that Apple showed off during its keynote last month, the offerings look to be a bit underwhelming. Don’t get me wrong, the apps look really cool and exciting, but no one is going to want to read comic books on their television, let alone book a hotel on their television or even go house shopping on their television. That’s what laptops, smartphones, and tablets are for. But who knows: Maybe the new Apple TV will change that perception and users will actually want to do all of those things on their TV, but right now it seems kind of silly. Of course, though, perhaps the biggest reason that would scare you away from buying the new Apple TV is its price tag. It starts at $149, which is $80 more than the Apple TV 3, and that’s if you only get the 32GB model, as the 64GB is a whopping $199, making it one of the most expensive streaming set-top boxes on the market. Advertisement 10 Responses 10/23/2015 Moman Reply What is this piece of crap article? No hands on, no actual content, just an opinion. My gosh, anyone can say anything these days. Please delete this web page to give room for more important documents on the internet Thanks 10/23/2015 Sarah Reply Craig.. put down the video game control.. go outside in the sunshine… maybe speak to a human being or God forbid!… A GIRL OO 10/23/2015 steveoliverc Reply I completely disagree. For only $150 you are going to get thousands and thousands of apps. You are right they won’t all be Xbox style games but Apple knows there is a huge audience for more casual games. After all, look at how popular casual games are on the iPhone and iPad. That success is going to carry over to the TV. And don’t be surprised if people don’t enjoy doing their shopping on the TV. We already sit on the couch with our iPads so why not just use the TV instead? 10/23/2015 George Reply The Headline should have read Why you should not read this article. 10/23/2015 Guy Reply Bad article, but this is the internet 10/23/2015 Wayne Reply Who is this guy? No actual reason not to buy it other than it’s more expensive. It’s probably good advice for people who cannot afford the new Apple TV because they should absolutely focus on paying rent and feeding themselves. Most Apple customers have disposable income and therefore don’t think anything of shelling out £150 for an Apple TV that has an App Store, Siri search and generally has an attractive and simple interface. The software will get updates, the App Store will get more apps and you’ll get an Apple Music app that you can easily play through the TV without using AirPlay. I bet the author has an Android phone. 10/23/2015 Corey Kaster Reply Yet another crap click bait article. #Garbage 10/23/2015 Caroline Reply Well this article just convinced me to upgrade from the gen3 to the gen4. We don’t currently have a gaming console, but looking into one for Christmas that the whole family can enjoy. With an 8year old that loves his iPad app games the new AppleTV is definitely the way to go! 12/21/2015 James Wang Reply I have an old Apple TV which used to work fine. Lately I have to power it off and on again to make it work. It plays with no sound. What a piece of junk. I now use Chrome Browser and Chrome cast. What’s point of using Apple TV? 09/16/2016 Boomerschmidt Reply Buy a Roku. It’s far less expensive, it has more content, and it just works. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/06/2017 11 Best Budget Apps for 2017 01/03/2017
Get News Alerts Football Jets, Giants and NFL news from The Record and NorthJersey.com © 2017 North Jersey Media Group September 17, 2016 Last updated: Saturday, September 17, 2016, 1:21 AM Giants rookie corner Eli Apple to be tested By ART STAPLETON STAFF WRITER |  The Record EAST RUTHERFORD – Eli Apple is trying to beat opponents to the punch. The Giants' rookie cornerback believes he is analyzing his game as much as they are. "The other teams, the other receivers are going to be studying me, so I've got to study myself as well," Apple said Friday, insisting that he has taken notes of his own performance in terms of technique, communication and his play within the defensive scheme in general. "If you're not getting better in this league, you're getting worse, that's how I look at it. And my job is to get better every single game." The next game, of course, is Sunday's home opener against the Saints in what will be Apple's first chance to play in front of the MetLife Stadium crowd in the regular season. Apple and the Giants' defense will be sizing up a future Hall of Fame quarterback in Drew Brees, who commands one of league's most productive passing attacks over the past decade. Of course, this assignment comes just one week after beating the Cowboys and a rookie quarterback in Dak Prescott, who was making his first NFL start. There's little doubt Brees will be looking to test Apple – not to mention the rest of the Giants' secondary, putting up 505 yards and a record-tying seven touchdown passes in last season's 52-49 win – and the Giants' first-round pick knows it. "That's one of the first things you do: show respect and recognize how good the quarterback you're playing is," Apple said. "The Cowboys wanted to run the ball, we knew that, now you're going against a team that, they can run the ball, but they have the great quarterback in Drew Brees who they trust. I expect them definitely to try to test us. They'll test everybody [in the secondary]. "I'm going to prepare myself as much as possible for anything that comes my way." Apple was on the field for 53 defensive snaps, which was 72 percent of the Giants' defensive plays. He played outside when Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie moved inside to cover the slot, with Janoris Jenkins manning the opposite sideline. "I thought he got off slow, it took him a little while," defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said of Apple. "But then as the game got going, he did really well. I think he's going to be a good football player and we need him." Apple, 21, was on opposite sidelines of former Ohio State teammate and Cowboys star running back Ezekiel Elliott in Sunday's triumph. Elliott offered Apple congratulations after the game, and it won't be the last time the former Buckeyes face off this season with Dallas set to visit the Giants on Dec. 11. With the Saints coming to town, Apple can certainly provide the scouting report on another rookie, former Ohio State teammate and wide receiver Mike Thomas. "We both had a chip on our shoulder when I got there, and we had our battles, definitely," Apple said of Thomas, who caught six Brees passes for 58 yards. "Physical receiver, long, feisty, competitive." Apple and Jets first-round linebacker Darron Lee are part of Ohio State's 2016 draft class, which totaled 12 players. Of his NFL showdowns with former Buckeye teammates, Apple told The Record with a laugh that those meetings "are not about bragging rights." "I want them to do well," he added. "But I wanna win." BRIEFS: DE Jason Pierre-Paul (shoulder) is listed as questionable for Sunday's game, but he is expected to play. DE Olivier Vernon is nursing a sore wrist and would have been a limited participant had the Giants practiced Friday. They will practice today and Vernon, whose status is not listed on the injury report, is also expected to participate. DT Robert Thomas (illness) has been declared out. For the Saints, starters LB Dannell Ellerbe (quad) and CB Delvin Breaux (broken ankle) are out. LT Terron Armstead (quad) is questionable. NorthJersey.com : Sports : Football NorthJersey.com : Sports : Football September 17, 2016 Last updated: Saturday, September 17, 2016, 1:21 AM Giants rookie corner Eli Apple to be tested By ART STAPLETON STAFF WRITER |  The Record EAST RUTHERFORD – Eli Apple is trying to beat opponents to the punch. The Giants' rookie cornerback believes he is analyzing his game as much as they are. "The other teams, the other receivers are going to be studying me, so I've got to study myself as well," Apple said Friday, insisting that he has taken notes of his own performance in terms of technique, communication and his play within the defensive scheme in general. "If you're not getting better in this league, you're getting worse, that's how I look at it. And my job is to get better every single game." The next game, of course, is Sunday's home opener against the Saints in what will be Apple's first chance to play in front of the MetLife Stadium crowd in the regular season. Apple and the Giants' defense will be sizing up a future Hall of Fame quarterback in Drew Brees, who commands one of league's most productive passing attacks over the past decade. Of course, this assignment comes just one week after beating the Cowboys and a rookie quarterback in Dak Prescott, who was making his first NFL start. There's little doubt Brees will be looking to test Apple – not to mention the rest of the Giants' secondary, putting up 505 yards and a record-tying seven touchdown passes in last season's 52-49 win – and the Giants' first-round pick knows it. "That's one of the first things you do: show respect and recognize how good the quarterback you're playing is," Apple said. "The Cowboys wanted to run the ball, we knew that, now you're going against a team that, they can run the ball, but they have the great quarterback in Drew Brees who they trust. I expect them definitely to try to test us. They'll test everybody [in the secondary]. "I'm going to prepare myself as much as possible for anything that comes my way." Apple was on the field for 53 defensive snaps, which was 72 percent of the Giants' defensive plays. He played outside when Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie moved inside to cover the slot, with Janoris Jenkins manning the opposite sideline. "I thought he got off slow, it took him a little while," defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo said of Apple. "But then as the game got going, he did really well. I think he's going to be a good football player and we need him." Apple, 21, was on opposite sidelines of former Ohio State teammate and Cowboys star running back Ezekiel Elliott in Sunday's triumph. Elliott offered Apple congratulations after the game, and it won't be the last time the former Buckeyes face off this season with Dallas set to visit the Giants on Dec. 11. With the Saints coming to town, Apple can certainly provide the scouting report on another rookie, former Ohio State teammate and wide receiver Mike Thomas. "We both had a chip on our shoulder when I got there, and we had our battles, definitely," Apple said of Thomas, who caught six Brees passes for 58 yards. "Physical receiver, long, feisty, competitive." Apple and Jets first-round linebacker Darron Lee are part of Ohio State's 2016 draft class, which totaled 12 players. Of his NFL showdowns with former Buckeye teammates, Apple told The Record with a laugh that those meetings "are not about bragging rights." "I want them to do well," he added. "But I wanna win." BRIEFS: DE Jason Pierre-Paul (shoulder) is listed as questionable for Sunday's game, but he is expected to play. DE Olivier Vernon is nursing a sore wrist and would have been a limited participant had the Giants practiced Friday. They will practice today and Vernon, whose status is not listed on the injury report, is also expected to participate. DT Robert Thomas (illness) has been declared out. For the Saints, starters LB Dannell Ellerbe (quad) and CB Delvin Breaux (broken ankle) are out. LT Terron Armstead (quad) is questionable. Tags: Football  |  Giants Inside NorthJersey.com Today's celebrity birthdays:... Tony winner shares insights... American Apparel files for... Now Open: The Barrow House in... From Bergen.com Wallington Fire Department... Ridgewood Guild holds sixth... Tommy Fox's and The Shannon... New York Giants rookies... From BergenCounty.com Sharing the Arts Together:... Protecting yourself from the... (201) Magazine's Top... Don't Fear the Future:... Get News Alerts © 2017 North Jersey Media Group News Go to the new NorthJersey.com Local Go to the new NorthJersey.com Sports Go to the new NorthJersey.com Photo Galleries Go to the new NorthJersey.com Opinion Go to the new NorthJersey.com Blogs Meadowlands Matters Fire & Ice Ranger Rants Varsity Aces A & E Go to the new NorthJersey.com Events Search Events Add an Event Food Go to the new NorthJersey.com Digital Edition Archive Search Connect Contact Us Newsletters / Alerts Letters to the Editor Advertise NorthJersey.com The Record / Herald News Community Newspapers MailboxFlyer.com Tearsheets Subscribe The Record Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Customer Care Find Obituaries Photographs Books Reprints and Permissions Archives Legals/Public Notices Local Businesses Garage Sales NorthJersey.com About Us Contact Us Terms of Service/Privacy Police Blotter Policy North Jersey Media Group In The News About Us / Locations Foundation Action Against Hunger Green Statement Employment Opportunities Premiums Events/Exposure ↑ : Home Delivery | Store | Digital Edition | Bergen.com | BergenCounty.com | Events | Special Sections | Homes | Cars | Jobs | Marketplace | Garage Sales | Place an Ad Sections
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Behold: The very best of CES 2017 Mobile Image Source: Apple Inc. LMAO: Samsung might kill the headphone jack because iPhone 7 Chris Smith @chris_writes September 14th, 2016 at 7:45 AM Share Tweet When Samsung triumphantly revealed in its Galaxy Note 7 presentation that the phablet will have a 3.5mm headphone jack in the process, and made fun of Apple’s unreleased iPhone 7 in the process, I said that I’m fairly confident that Samsung will soon copy the iPhone 7. Like it or not, the 3.5mm headphone jack has to go, and companies like Apple have to be at the forefront of such changes so that others follow suit. Well, it didn’t take long for the first Samsung rumors to claim that the company is exploring ditching the 3.5mm connector. DON’T MISS: What the iPhone 7, new Apple Watch, and AirPods reveal about next year’s iPhone 8 upgrade It gets even better than that. According to Geek, Samsung might not be happy with just using the USB-C port for music — something Intel already explained that it’s happening soon. Samsung is instead exploring the possibility of replacing the headphone jack with a proprietary port. Apparently, Samsung is thought to be at the exploratory stage to see how viable such a move would be. By owning its own port, like Apple does with Lightning, Samsung would be able to license it to accessory makers either for profit or for free. The bad news for anyone buying wired headphones would be that they’d need a variety of adapters to make the headphones work with multiple devices. This is still a rumor, so it doesn’t mean the Galaxy S8 will ship without a headphone jack, or with a new type of port for handling music. It just shows that Samsung is ready to copy if Apple once again. Tags: Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy S8, iPhone 7, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Gaming How to get your hands on an NES Classic Edition right now 2 Mobile Did Apple just broadcast to the world that a Jet White iPhone 7 is on the way? 3 Events Best of CES 2017: The 10 most innovative products at CES this year 4 Mobile 5 things iPhone users never do but really should 5 General Obama’s anger translator is back to say what everyone’s thinking about Trump Picked For You Leaked photo may be our first ever look at Samsung’s Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith January 5th at 9:41 AM Nvidia made a Google Home that’s better than Google Home By Chris Smith January 5th at 1:01 PM Only power users know about these secret iPhone features By Zach Epstein January 5th at 12:11 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Saturday | January 07, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Jan 07, 02:38 am Having converted to Islam 25 years ago, I fail to comprehend how some ulema manage to twist its beautiful teachings Jan 07, 02:19 am Is Raja Khurram Ali Khan a victim of our media?   US media groups sue FBI over hack of San Bernardino shooter's iPhone SHARE : AFP Tweet WASHINGTON: Three US news media groups filed a lawsuit Friday to get the FBI to release details of how it hacked the iPhone of the man who with his wife shot and killed 14 people in San Bernardino last year. The Federal Bureau of Investigation said it wanted to access Syed Rizwan Farook's locked iPhone 5c to look into possible links to the Islamic State group, but phonemaker Apple refused to help, citing privacy concerns. Gannett — USA Today's parent company — the Associated Press and Vice Media are suing to obtain details of the mysterious hack that rekindled a national debate on communications encryption and privacy protection. Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik killed 14 people at a holiday gathering in San Bernardino, California, in December. They were also killed by police after a chase. The federal law enforcement agency took Apple to court in February to compel them to help, but dropped the suit weeks later after hacking the phone with third-party help. The FBI has yet to name the outside party or the cost involved. “Understanding the amount that the FBI deemed appropriate to spend on the tool, as well as the identity and reputation of the vendor it did business with, is essential for the public to provide effective oversight of government,” reads the lawsuit, filed in the US capital Washington. Apple Inc., which makes computers and iPhones, had said that it would not obey an order from a US federal judge to help the FBI access data on a phone used by San Bernardino shooters. In an open letter to Apple customers, the company’s CEO, Tim Cook, said he could not accept this “unprecedented step”, which “threatens the security” of its customers. We oppose this order, which has implications far beyond the legal case at hand,” he wrote. “This moment calls for public discussion, and we want our customers and people around the country to understand what is at stake.” Cook noted that smartphones had become an essential part of people’s lives who use them to store “an incredible amount of personal information”, from private conversations to photos, music, notes, calendars, contacts, financial information and health data, “even where we have been and where we are going”. Tweet More by AFP RELATED NEWS April 23, 2016 FBI paid over $1m for iPhone hack April 14, 2016 Hackers helped FBI crack San Bernardino iPhone March 22, 2016, 9:59 am US prosecutors say they don't need Apple to open San Bernardino shooter's iPhone February 20, 2016 FBI raids home of San Bernardino shooter's brother MORE IN INTERNATIONAL January 06, 2017, 11:57 pm Five dead, eight injured in shooting at US airport January 06, 2017, 8:39 pm US job gains slow in December January 06, 2017, 6:59 pm US spy chiefs confront Trump with Russia findings January 06, 2017, 6:20 pm South Korean president faces test of her political life in trial Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Raheel Sharif appointed Islamic military alliance chief ‘I can’t understand who asked Imran Bhai to join ... South Korean president faces test of her political life in ... Actor Om Puri passed away PM lays foundation of state-of-the-art Nursing University ... Imran praises CJ for suo motu notice of minor maid case Saddam Hussein's death warrant signed 'on day one' after ... LATEST COMMENTS Eddied Bravo to the authorities for standing up to these fanatic mullahs...they are nothing but hate mongers using and abusing religion to further their own political aspirations... Eddied it is clear that the sunni tehreek are the source of these useless protests... sarfaraz Never meeting the target of collecting taxes - trying something like NAB's plea bargain scandal. And Dar (Sb) is again the sponsor. Will meet the same fate as NAB's infamous " add to corruption scheme... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied Bravo to the authorities for standing up to these fanatic mullahs...they are nothing but hate mongers using and abusing religion to further their own political aspirations... Eddied it is clear that the sunni tehreek are the source of these useless protests... sarfaraz Never meeting the target of collecting taxes - trying something like NAB's plea bargain scandal. And Dar (Sb) is again the sponsor. Will meet the same fate as NAB's infamous " add to corruption scheme... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Product Reviews Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z All Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Babies & Kids Car Seats Children’s Health High Chairs Strollers Cars Car Batteries New Cars Tires Used Cars Electronics Digital Cameras Laptops Printers TVs Health Blood Pressure Monitors Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements Home & Garden Mattresses Paints Toilets Water Filters Money Car Insurance Credit Cards Homeowners Insurance Supermarkets All Product ReviewsAppliances Most Popular Air Purifiers Clothes Dryers Cooktops & Wall Ovens Dishwashers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances More on Appliances Humidifiers and Space Heaters That Think Outside the Box NewsVideos All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids Most Popular Air Purifiers Car Seats Children’s Health Doctors & Hospitals Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Insect Repellent Strollers All Babies & Kids More on Babies & Kids Why Kids Should Stay Longer in Rear-Facing Car Seats NewsVideos All Product ReviewsCars Ratings & Recommended Cars New Cars Ratings Used Cars Ratings Best & Worst Lists Ratings by Type Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs More Ready to Shop All Car Buying & Pricing Advice Best New Car Deals Build & Buy Car Buying Service Used Car Marketplace For Owners All Maintenance & Repair Car Battery Ratings Jump Starter Ratings Tire Ratings All Cars More on Cars Staying Power: Find the Most Reliable Car NewsVideos All Product ReviewsElectronics Most Popular Cordless Phones Digital Cameras Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Sound Bars Tablets TVs Wireless Routers All Electronics More on Electronics 66 Ways to Protect Your Privacy Right Now NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHealth Most Popular Doctors & Hospitals Electric Shavers Elliptical Exercisers Exercise Bikes Food Health Insurance Hearing Aids Heart Rate Monitors Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health More on Health 15 Supplement Ingredients to Always Avoid NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden Most Popular Cookware Decking Material Flooring Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Paints Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden More on Home & Garden How to Choose a Mattress That Works For Any Couple NewsVideos All Product ReviewsMoney Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Homeowners Insurance Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Luggage Supermarkets All Money More on Money Think Twice Before Signing Up for Store Credit Cards NewsVideos News Take Action Back SIGN THE PETITION Let’s End Surprise Medical Bills My health insurance should cover me when I need it. Close loopholes that can leave me huge surprise medical bills.Take Action Why Do We Have Campaigns? We're fighting to ensure you and your family can get a fair deal in the marketplace, especially on the choices that matter most: health care, privacy, automobiles, food, finances and more. Join our campaigns and together, we'll hold corporations and lawmakers accountable. Learn more about our work About Us Subscribe Buy Digital Subscription Buy Magazine Subscription Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving SearchAll Products A-Z Subscribe Buy Digital Subscription Buy Magazine Subscription Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Early Test Results Consumer Reports testing delves into Apple's water resistance, camera, and audio claims By Mike Gikas September 16, 2016 SHARES 0 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share via email Print Sharing is nice! To: From: Yes, send me a copy of this email. Send We respect your privacy. ALL email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Thanks for sharing. Oops, we messed up. Try again later Our secret shoppers lined up before dawn this morning at retailers across the New York area to bring Apple's newest mobile devices, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, to Consumer Reports labs. We buy all the products we test just like consumers do. The new iPhones look very much like earlier models. But new features and hardware upgrades give them some advantages over predecessors. Here's what Consumer Reports testers and I have found so far: First-Day Test Results Water resistance. These are the first water-resistant iPhones, designed to withstand a 30-minute dunk in about 3 feet of water. Several other phones on the market are designed with the same spec (the lingo is IP67). Our initial results support Apple's claim, but as always we'll wait at least 24 hours to make sure the phones are still working before we conclude that they passed the test.  Still photography. Apple said it improved its front- and back-facing cameras for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Our initial tests, however, found that still images produced by the main 12-megapixel camera were not significantly better than the ones produced by 6s-series iPhones. The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus has a second, 2x telephoto lens on the back, and our engineers found that camera's performance to be notably better. Low-light performance was about the same in the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and the older iPhone 6s.  We will be testing the cameras on additional phones to confirm our results, and also conducting in-depth video testing over the coming days. New Apple Watch Early Test Results How Good Are the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Cameras?   Touch ID. One significant change to the iPhone 7 is the lack of a mechanical home button. The new "button" is just a region of the touch screen that vibrates to simulate the click of a button. This is known as "haptic" feedback. On the iPhone 7, it feels like you're pushing a real button. But using it can be a bit tricky. Often, my efforts summoned Siri instead of taking me to the home screen. You can change the home button's sensitivity under the General section within Settings. There are three options: "1," for sensitive touch; "2," the default setting; and "3," which seems much better for lead-fingered users like myself.  Stereo speakers. The new iPhones 7's stereo speakers (a first for iPhone) are supposed to sound better and be twice as loud as the single speaker on earlier models of the iPhone. We did our evaluations using the iPhone 7 Plus. Our engineers confirmed that speakers were louder than the single speaker on the iPhone 6s Plus, and they do provide a sense of stereo separation. On the other hand, they also found the sound to be more "tinny." And the two speakers in the phone we evaluated didn't sound identical. (The bottom speaker aims its sound out the side of the phone, away from the listener.)  Improved Battery Life. Apple says battery life is better on the new models, promising 14 hours of talk time for the iPhone 7 and 21 hours for the 7 Plus on 3G networks. Consumer Reports' battery tests take several days and involve many charging cycles; we'll publish the full results of those and other tests once they're ready.  Lightning headphone connection. Much has and will be written about the iPhone's boldest change: dropping the analog 3.5mm headphone jack. The phone comes with EarPods with a Lightning connector, as well as a Lightning-to-3.5mm headphone jack adapter.   We plugged old, iPhone 6s headphones into both an iPhone 6s Plus and the iPhone 7 Plus, using the adapter. And we listened to the iPhone 7 Plus with the new EarPods. Finally, we compared those two iPhones using a pair of reference headphones. We found the sound quality of the new Lightning EarPods appeared to be no better or worse than the ones that came with the iPhone 6s-series phones. And the adapter didn't degrade the audio at all. However, if you plan to rely on headphones with conventional jacks, you may want to get a few extra Lightning-to-3.5 mm headphone jack adapters (Apple charges $9 each) because we imagine they'll be easy to lose. And here's one more thought about the loss of the 3.5mm jack, and how it could affect consumers. The digital nature of the Lightning connector gives Apple more control over what travels though it. It may one day allow Apple to enhance the audio experience. But that control could potentially be used against consumers, allowing Apple to block iPhone music from flowing to “unauthorized” equipment. The owners of iPhones could end up being herded into a world of more expensive, proprietary headphones and audio accessories. And that’s an unenviable position for consumers to land after spending money on one of the most expensive phones on the market. 42 Number of Smartphones in our Ratings. Current Smartphone ratings Shopping links are provided by eBay Commerce Network and Amazon, which makes it easy to find the right product from a variety of online retailers. Clicking any of the links will take you to the retailer's website to shop for this product. Please note that Consumer Reports collects fees from both eBay Commerce Network and Amazon for referring users. We use 100% of these fees to fund our testing programs. Mike Gikas I'm a smartphone junkie who's always playing with the latest and greatest mobile gadgets, which helps me help you. Because like many of you, nothing pushes my buttons more than quirky smartphones, overpriced cell plans, and underwhelming wireless service. When I'm not staring at a mobile screen or twiddling with a device's settings, you'll find me quoting obscure movie dialogue and watching sci-fi movies from all eras. More From Consumer Reports More Headphone Users Will Cut the Cord in 2017 Not for Sale: The Highly Touted Electronics That Missed the Market in 2016 How Smartphones Are Becoming Hacking Targets Keep Your Online Holiday Shopping Safe Comments ▼ Consumer Support My Account Customer Care Report a Safety Problem Career Opportunities About Us Donate Our Site A-Z Index Product Index Car Index Video Index Canada Extra en Español Media Room Newsletters Products & Services Buy a Car: New Cars Used Cars Books & Magazines National Car Prices Our Network Consumers Union Consumerist Consumer Health Choices View Recent & Past Issues Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram More Google Plus Pinterest © 2006 - 2017 Consumer Reports Privacy Policy User Agreement Ad Choices Logout Sign in Subscribe About Us Donate Help Career Opportunities Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram More Google Plus Pinterest © 2006 - 2017 Consumer Reports Privacy Policy User Agreement Ad Choices
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Saturday, 07 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Saturday, 07 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide Share Tweet iPhone launch generates crowds, queues worldwide Apple sold of out the larger models quickl­y and had limite­d availa­bility of the iPhone 7 By AFP Published: September 17, 2016 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Apple sold of out the larger models quickly and had limited availability of the iPhone 7. PHOTO: AFP SAN FRANCISCO: Apple’s global iPhone launch Friday was marked by excitement and frustration as fans queued to find scarce models of the coveted smartphone. Scenes in Apple stores around the world on Friday were reminiscent of days before online ordering became a norm and people camped out for days to be first to get hands on the California company’s iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Enthusiasm was peppered with disappointment due to shortages of the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus and a jet-black iPhone 7, but it was unclear if the shortages were the result of strong demand or limited supply. Apple’s Japan unit ordered to pay $118 million tax for underreporting income “These initial sales will be governed by supply, not demand,” Apple said in a released statement which noted that the company would not provide launch weekend sales figures. Investors evidently weren’t certain of what to make of the launch as well, with Apple shares down about a half-percent to $114.92 at the close of trading on the Nasdaq exchange. BTIG research said in a note to investors that, despite a lack of lines, analysts there expected iPhone sales in the final quarter of this year to grow 3.6 percent to 77.5 million. At the Apple Store in the Georgetown district of the US capital Washington, dozens of consumers were still waiting in line hours after the store opening to get the new handsets. “I tried to order it online, but I would have had to wait five to six weeks, so standing in queue was the only option,” said Naval Chopra, who was visiting from India at the time of the launch and joined the waiting group at 5:30 am for an iPhone 7. “If you’re an Apple fan, there is something special about getting the new phone on the launch day.” Washington resident Isaac Combs said he had being hoping to get the large-screen iPhone 7 Plus but learned on arrival they were sold out. Still, he opted for the iPhone 7, despite the smaller display. The iPhone, Combs said, “is an essential part of life, it’s something I use every day.” Apple sold of out the larger models quickly and had limited availability of the iPhone 7, with the new jet-black color especially scarce. The devices chart a new path for the tech giant by eliminating headphone jacks, a move seen as setting a trend for a wireless future. Apple is seeking to regain momentum and set new trends for the industry, but it remains to be seen if it can generate the same enthusiasm that surrounded previous versions of the iPhone. Apple says initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus sold out While the company has touted total iPhone sales of one billion, the number sold in the quarter ending June 25 fell 15 percent from a year earlier, highlighting concerns over growth for the key profit driver. Growth has become challenging with many mobile phone markets saturated and Chinese firms including Huawei increasingly popular. Apple also faces stiff competition from traditional rival Samsung, although the South Korean giant is currently on the back foot after being forced into a massive recall because of exploding batteries of its flagship Galaxy Note 7. Analyst Michael Walkley at Canaccord Genuity said his brokerage group’s surveys suggest the new handsets will boost Apple’s fortunes. “With the iPhone 7 off to a strong start, we anticipate improving replacement sales versus the 6S and a return to iPhone unit growth,” he said in a research note. Analysts were divided over the cause of the shortages, with some saying the handset was more popular than expected, while others suggested the tech titan may be deliberately limiting supply or could be experiencing supply problems. “Apple clearly controls supply tightly,” said Matthew Kanterman, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “They’re possibly keeping supply artificially low, or at least lower than demand, so as to avoid having the oversupply of previous years.” As Asia woke up, consumers in Sydney who had camped out in the rain were among the first in the world to get their hands on the new phones — though others were left bitterly disappointed. Apple lifts Nasdaq as oil shares tumble Bishoy Behman, 17, had been sitting outside the Apple store since Wednesday morning but said he and others in the queue found out on Thursday that some models were already sold out. “I really wouldn’t have lined up if I had known that,” he told AFP. “For them to have not allocated some stock is ridiculous.” In Hong Kong, some customers were seen near the Apple store in the Causeway Bay shopping district, reselling new phones at a profit. In mainland China, a key market for Apple, scenes were energetic as crowds of customers tested out the new handsets. Apple faces a complicated picture in China, where it ranked only fourth in the Asian giant’s smartphone market in the first half of this year, facing strong competition from low-cost manufacturers. Read more: Apple , iPhone 7 , smartphones Read full story Recommended Stories Apple's Japan unit ordered to pay $118 million tax for underreporting income The European Union has ordered Apple to pay Ireland 13 billion euros Apple lifts Nasdaq as oil shares tumble Apple jumped 3.5 per cent, its third straight gain Apple says initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus sold out Supplies of the larger size of Apple's new phone have been exhausted in all shades Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Ainak Wala Jinn's Bil Batori found begging on streets 2 Veteran actor Om Puri passes away at 66 3 Queen Elizabeth was almost shot by guardsman in Buckingham Palace 4 Will Karachi drown under the sea? 5 Raheel Sharif named chief of Islamic military coalition, says Khawaja Asif 6 9 times Om Puri stood up for Pakistan 7 Day Four: Pakistan 55-1 at stumps against Australia in Sydney Test 8 Pakistan’s Mustafa Ali defeats Israeli competitor in WWE 9 Five dead in US airport shooting 10 Shocking: 'Chaiwala' Arshad Khan quits showbiz Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Carefree times Hot off the streets Dhol baajay Pretty pink bells More in TechnologyMobileye says it warned Tesla against enabling ‘hands-free’ driving © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp

Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR CES has strict rules on adult content. Why this sex-tech exhibitor has never had a problem Ford CEO downplays Trump’s role in nixing Mexican plant, weighs in on tech, globalization and jobs Beast Quake 3? If Seahawks fans roar against Lions, seismologists set to monitor the rumble GeekWork Picks: Seattle unicorn OfferUp seeks hacker to strengthen security FAA closes the case on SpaceX’s rocket explosion and OKs Falcon 9 satellite launch Hall of Fame QB Joe Montana loves VR, wishes it was around when he was playing GeekWire CES Dispatch, Day 3: The very busy show floor, an interview with Shaq, and more FAA tests drone defense system to protect against a flying robot uprising USPS at CES? Why the national mail carrier is at the world’s biggest tech expo There’s no place like home: New image shows Earth and moon from Mars orbiter LEGO gives playtime a Boost with robotics kit that will let kids bring their toys to life Otto Robotics raises $1.5 million for its stealthy robo-restaurant venture Q&A: T-Mobile execs talk KickBack, elimination of rates and fees, FCC’s future and wireless M&A Amazon at CES: ‘We believe there will be an Alexa skill for everyone, for everything’ Listen up, pet parents — Seattle’s Rover talks wearables and more dog tech trends at CES GeekWire Deals: This smart scale for comprehensive health analysis right in your home As cloud computing grows, the market for commercial servers, switches and routers declines Walmart buys Zappos competitor ShoeBuy for $70M to help Jet.com battle Amazon in online apparel Working Geek: From elephants to Seahawks, Vulcan’s Keith Rosema has a hand in it all Samsung partner Voicebox makes major job cuts in wake of Note 7 discontinuation Funny video: Amazon Echo misunderstands young boy, accidentally talks about porn The Cloud in 2017: Seven key trends, from AWS and Azure to voice services and machine learning Girl, 6, ‘accidentally’ orders $170 dollhouse and 4 pounds of cookies using Amazon’s Alexa Microsoft plans big reorganization of partner and services groups starting Feb. 1 Here’s what five venture capitalists are predicting for 2017 How a popular park on an abandoned NYC rail line will influence Seattle’s $700M waterfront makeover Live Blog: T-Mobile introduces ‘KickBack’ data refund, vows to include taxes and fees in rates Amazon gently stresses several ways Alexa could have stopped 6-year-old girl’s dollhouse order Boeing and SpaceX win four more NASA orders for space taxis, with one big ‘if’ Reddit’s Alexis Ohanian checks out car tech at CES, confirms fiancée Serena Williams is a geek Amazon is granted a patent for using a subterranean network to deliver packages Seattle’s landmark Uber union law set to go into effect as city releases final rules AT&T to customers complaining about DirecTV Now problems: We’re working on it Amazon’s smart assistant Alexa now tops 7,000 skills, a 7X increase in 7 months It’s alive: Amazon’s drive-up grocery store in Seattle lights up — but still no word on opening Amazon Alexa search warrant in hot-tub murder case shows why smart homes require smart laws Seattle author Lindy West leaves Twitter, calls it unusable for ‘anyone but trolls, robots and dictators’ Nordstrom CTO Kumar Srinivasan leaving retailer in latest departure for digital team Review: Parallels Desktop 12 for Mac shows why a virtual machine matters Why Amazon is so secretive: Longtime board member explains the company’s mindset Trending: Microsoft plans big reorganization of partner and services groups starting Feb. 1 Apple repairs iOS 10 issue after some T-Mobile iPhone users lost connectivity by Kurt Schlosser on September 15, 2016 at 11:18 amSeptember 15, 2016 at 9:18 pm Comments  1 Share  10 Tweet Share  3 Reddit Email Buy a GeekWire membership today! T-Mobile CEO John Legere. Updated story: Apple has addressed and fixed an issue with iOS 10 that was causing T-Mobile customers with iPhone 5SE, 6 or 6 Plus to lose connectivity this week. News of the fix was shared by the wireless carrier and CEO John Legere on Thursday night. Good news! iOS 10 fix is ready early. Go to Settings > General > Software Update (or > About if you already downloaded) and update away! — T-Mobile📱 (@TMobile) September 16, 2016 Thx for your patience while Apple fixed the iOS10 issue. If you're using iOS10 now, pls update to fix via Settings ➡️ General ➡️ about — John Legere (@JohnLegere) September 16, 2016 Users who downloaded iOS 10 before Friday were advised by T-Mobile to fix the bug in their phone’s settings. Previous story: T-Mobile CEO John Legere advised customers with an iPhone 5SE, 6 or 6 Plus not to download the new iOS 10 until Apple can fix a major bug that is causing T-Mobile customers to lose connectivity. Neville Ray, chief technology officer for the Bellevue, Wash.-based wireless carrier, tweeted that Apple should have a fix within 24 to 48 hours. In the meantime, if T-Mobile customers have already downloaded the new operating system and experience issues, Ray advises that the temporary fix is to power down the iPhone and restart. Apple is working to resolve the issue with iOS10 for @TMobile customers. Don't download iOS10 if you currently use an iPhone 5SE, 6 or 6+ — John Legere (@JohnLegere) September 15, 2016 Attn @TMobile iPhone 5SE, 6 and 6+ customers. Apple is working to fix an iOS 10 problem w/i 48hrs. Don’t upgrade to iOS 10 until we advise. — Neville (@NevilleRay) September 15, 2016 If you have iPhone 5SE 6 or 6+ & already updated to iOS 10 and see issues, temp fix is to restart your phone every time you lose connection. — Neville (@NevilleRay) September 15, 2016 GeekWire contributor Kevin Lisota told us that he lost his T-Mobile connection on his iPhone 6 five times between Wednesday and Thursday. “Powering off the device was the only way to fix it,” Lisota said. “It messed up my car navigation in Apple Maps this morning, disconnecting mid-trip.” Apple’s iOS 10, the company’s “biggest release yet,” became available to customers earlier this week. Writer and editor Kurt Schlosser covers the Geek Life beat for GeekWire. A longtime journalist, photographer and designer, he has worked previously for NBC News, msnbc.com and the Seattle P-I. Follow Kurt on Twitter or reach him at kurt@geekwire.com. Comments 1 Share  10 Tweet Share  3 Reddit Email Previous StoryTech startup GiveSafe has a radical plan to help Seattle’s homeless population Next StoryBrightVolt raises $5M to open new funding round for ultra-thin, flexible batteries Filed Under: Apple • Mobile News  Tagged With: iOS 10 • iPhone • John Legere • T-Mobile GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Sprint CEO calls out T-Mobile CEO for ‘Uncarrier bullshit’ over iPhone 6 upgrade offer No headphone jack, no problem: T-Mobile and Sprint report record iPhone 7 pre-orders T-Mobile adds free streaming of Apple Music, unveils $15 per month iPhone upgrade plan T-Mobile set to announce another ‘Un-carrier’ move next week Previous StoryTech startup GiveSafe has a radical plan to help Seattle’s homeless population Next StoryBrightVolt raises $5M to open new funding round for ultra-thin, flexible batteries Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: This smart scale for comprehensive health analysis right in your home GeekWire Deals: New year, new career? Pick up new skills with the ultimate IT software bundle Most Popular on GeekWire Funny video: Amazon Echo misunderstands young boy, accidentally talks about porn The Cloud in 2017: Seven key trends, from AWS and Azure to voice services and machine learning Girl, 6, ‘accidentally’ orders $170 dollhouse and 4 pounds of cookies using Amazon’s Alexa Microsoft plans big reorganization of partner and services groups starting Feb. 1 Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Senior Software Engineer, Server/Back-endM87 Front-End Development LeadDelta Dental of Washington Director of Solutions ArchitectureIMPINJ A Word From Our Sponsors Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Nutreco Feed Tech Challenge registers over 340 participants on online platform in six weeks. Read More Don’t miss a moment in 2017. Become a GeekWire member today! Purchase a membership here today. Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. Growth Spurt: The Year in Review of Paul Allen’s Living Computers: Museum + Labs Read More Adforprize: Shake up the ad industry and win prizes Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Mobile Will the Next iPhone Be Ceramic? If it is ceramic, be extra careful not to drop it. by Katherine Bourzac September 17, 2016 Since Apple announced the iPhone 7 to a resounding meh in San Francisco on September 7, the air has been filled with laments for the dearly departed headphone jack. Underneath these woeful cries can be heard whispers of a new rumor: next year, Apple may make an iPhone with a case made out of ceramic rather than metal. Two things suggest the possibility. First, the company has started selling a watch with a shiny white ceramic case: the Apple Watch Edition, which costs $1,249. Second, the company has a handful of patents describing the design and manufacture of a “handheld computing device” with a ceramic case. Given ceramic’s potential to shatter, its limited color options, and the expense it adds to manufacturing, though, making such a phone would be risky. The Apple watch case is a blend of zirconia and alumina ceramics. These and other high-tech ceramic materials are very resilient. Ceramic engine parts and dental fillings, for example, are resistant to wear and tear. In a portable electronic device, this should translate into scratch resistance—the beautiful polished sheen of the ceramic watch case is likely to endure. Another good quality of ceramics is that they are rigid. A ceramic watch or phone case could be made very thin without being vulnerable to warping. Apple has a history with these sorts of problems. In the 2014 Bendgate crisis, some customers who bought the iPhone 6 Plus claimed that the phone’s thin aluminum case bent after being carried in their front pocket (video). Still, if you’ve ever dropped a ceramic plate or mug and seen it shatter, the notion of a ceramic phone may be a head-scratcher. Even high-tech ceramics are brittle, prone to catastrophic failure and shattering—albeit at much greater forces than a mug. However, zirconia-based ceramics like Apple’s are particularly prized for their toughness, says Katherine Faber, a materials scientist at Caltech in Pasadena, California. When a crack forms in the material, stress induces the crystal structure to change to one that is more stable. “This pushes on the crack and makes it more difficult for it to propagate,” she says. Even so, it’s very easy to imagine dropping a ceramic phone and having not just the screen but the casing shatter, especially if it lands on its edge, says Robert Ritchie, a materials scientist and mechanical engineer at the University of California, Berkeley. Without being able to get their hands on this imaginary phone, some ceramics experts are more optimistic. Desiderio Kovar, a mechanical engineer who studies ceramic materials at the University of Texas at Austin, says zirconia-based ceramics can be quite tough with the right design. He notes that at one time ceramic hammers were in production. “Whether an object will break or not depends not only on the material and the force that is applied, but also on the design and geometry of the part,” he says. Apple’s patents suggest the company has given this careful consideration. One suggests that they may have made the watch more shatter-resistant by developing manufacturing processes to remove air bubbles from the material. The more perfect and uniform the ceramic, the fewer vulnerabilities it has to cracking. Even with great design, the inherent properties of ceramics will remain, says Ritchie. “A ceramic watch will never be as resistant to fracture as a metal one—that would defy the laws of physics,” he says. Ceramics also don’t offer a rainbow of possibilities, at least so far. The high-shine, pure-white surface of the Apple watch is a compelling aesthetic reason to use a ceramic in a watch casing, but zirconia ceramics generally come in no other colors than a dull gray. Unless the company has something else up its sleeve, choices will be limited. Faber notes that sapphire, whose chemical formula is similar to alumina’s, can display dazzling blues, ruby reds, and pinks. But this doesn’t translate to the material’s ceramic forms, which have a different crystalline structure. Another drawback of high-performance ceramics is the manufacturing cost. Ceramics cost more not because of the materials themselves but because they are labor intensive. Molding them takes time, and getting a smooth surface requires extensive polishing. Apple seems to be touting this extra labor to market the watch as a luxury item, emphasizing that each takes days to make. Apple is not unique in adopting ceramics for watches. Swiss watchmaker Omega, for example, sells watches with ceramic cases. That company also uses a kind of material called a metallic glass or liquid metal. Omega’s marketing materials say the alloy in its watches is three times as hard as stainless steel. Apple and Samsung both have patents pertaining to liquid metals, too. It’s possible these materials could find their way into phone cases—or that neither they nor ceramics will. Rumors of a ceramic iPhone may be just that. From Our Advertisers Presented by IEEE Collabratec The Connected City: Trends and Developments Driving Smart City Innovation Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Tagged Apple, ceramics, high-tech ceramics, ceramic iPhone Credit Image courtesy of Apple Katherine Bourzac Guest Contributor I’m a freelance journalist based in San Francisco, California, and a contributing editor at MIT Technology Review, where I was previously on staff as materials science editor. I write about materials science, computing, and medicine. My favorite… More nanomaterial is carbon nanotubes and my favorite quasiparticle is the plasmon. I serve on the board of the Northern California chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists. I graduated from MIT’s science writing program in 2004. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month. Insider Premium $179.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. More from Mobile How ubiquitous information and communication are transforming our lives. New Camera Can See Around Corners Chinese scientists have built a camera capable of photographing objects it can’t directly see. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv Mathematicians Create Entirely New Dive with 5 Twists and 1.5 Somersaults Theorists use mathematical modelling to invent a dive that’s never been attempted, but could be soon. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv The Best Gadgets Coming in 2017 Here are the likely standouts among the smartphones, VR headsets, and smart watches hitting the market this year. by Elizabeth Woyke More from Mobile Want more award-winning journalism? Subscribe to Insider Plus. Insider Plus {! insider.prices.plus !}* {! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !} Everything included in Insider Basic, plus ad-free web experience, select discounts to partner offerings and MIT Technology Review events {! insider.buttons.plus.buttonText !} See details+ What's Included Bimonthly home delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website. The Download. Our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation. Access to the Magazine archive. Over 24,000 articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips. Special Discounts to select partner offerings Discount to MIT Technology Review events Ad-free web experience * {! insider.display.footerLabel !} See international prices See U.S. prices Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing Revert to standard pricing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Technology Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles Home Tech Mobiles September 17 2016 Save Print 10 cool things to try in Apple's iOS 10 Hayley Tsukayama facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Apple's new iOS 10 update, released earlier this week, is sneakily big and packs a lot of changes that you may not come across if you aren't looking for them. Here are 10 small changes to Apple's new mobile operating system that can make a big difference in your life. Apps in Messages: If you've downloaded iOS 10, you've probably noticed that messages look a little different. But the changes to Messages are far more than skin deep. There's now an App Store for messages, which is just to the left of the text bar.  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:20 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:11 Hands on with new Apple products Hands on with new Apple products Check out the new iPhone and Apple Watch products up close, straight from the event in San Francisco. Up Next Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:20 Video duration 01:20 Michelle Obama emotional final speech as ... Michelle Obama emotional final speech as first lady First Lady Michelle Obama gave her final remarks in an emotional speech at the White House on Friday telling young people, "this country belongs to you." Up Next Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:39 Video duration 00:39 Multiple people dead in Florida airport ... Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting At least nine people have been wounded and multiple people killed in a shooting at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, with officials saying the shooter is in custody. Up Next Russia undoubtedly meddled in election Play Video Don't Play Video duration 03:05 Video duration 03:05 Russia undoubtedly meddled in election Russia undoubtedly meddled in election National Intelligence Director James Clapper said Russia poses a major and growing threat to US government, military, diplomatic and commercial operations. Senators suggested the President-elect should take notice. Up Next Thai baby elephant takes a dip in the pool for rehab Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:06 Video duration 01:06 Thai baby elephant takes a dip in the ... Thai baby elephant takes a dip in the pool for rehab A baby elephant rescued from an animal trap gets hydrotherapy treatment as part of a lengthy rehabilitation process to heal her injured foot. Up Next The wearables of tomorrow Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:25 Video duration 01:25 The wearables of tomorrow The wearables of tomorrow Thousands flock to the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas to check out all the latest in wearable technology, from shoes that tie themselves, to even underwear that protects the user from radiation! Up Next Chicago police describe alleged hate crime Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:34 Video duration 01:34 Chicago police describe alleged hate crime Chicago police describe alleged hate crime Four black people were charged with hate crimes Thursday in connection with a video broadcast live on Facebook that showed a mentally disabled white man being beaten and taunted, threatened with a knife and forced to drink from a toilet. Up Next Artificial intelligence displayed at CES Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:45 Video duration 01:45 Artificial intelligence displayed at CES Artificial intelligence displayed at CES Products that have chips that allow connectivity to the internet and that learn userâs habits grab attention at CES in Las Vegas. More videos Hands on with new Apple products Check out the new iPhone and Apple Watch products up close, straight from the event in San Francisco. Siri's new tricks: Siri has gotten much smarter in iOS 10, but many people probably won't think to ask her to show off anything new. But Siri now works with more apps and you can also ask Siri to conduct more sophisticated searches on your phone - find emails from my boss from Tuesday, for example - as well as for photos featuring certain objects or people. Which reminds me . . . Smarter searches: You, too, can use Apple's object recognition technology to make it easier to find exactly the photo that you want to find. Just ask Siri to find pictures of the beach or your cat. You can also type in these searches yourself. Related Content Apple analysts fear 'air pocket' after iPhone 7 spike What's next for Apple's iPhone? Finding people: It's also easier to find people in your photos than it's ever been. Now in the photos app, you'll have a section of the app called "People", which uses Apple's facial technology to group pictures of the same people together. By hitting "Select" on this screen, you can identify the people in the pictures or combine identifications. Photo markup: You can draw or type on any picture you take, starting in iOS 10. So now much more of your phone's photo album can look like your Snapchat account. This feature is pretty deeply hidden, but users can find it by opening a picture and finding the three-slider icon that opens up editing options. From there, hit the three-dot icon in a circle and choose "Markup". Advertisement Email filtering: Almost everyone has a messy inbox that makes it hard to find exactly what you want when you want it. Apple's new Mail app in iOS 10 has a filter button in the bottom left-hand corner, which lets you filter flagged and/or unread messages, messages sent directly to you, messages with attachments, or messages from people on your VIP list. RAW photo editing: This won't appeal to every person, but the people who want it will really appreciate it. Apple is now allowing users to capture and edit RAW images using certain apps such as Adobe Lightroom for Mobile or Obscura. Photographers may enjoy the chance to do some more advanced editing - even with pictures taken on their phones. Storing RAW images does take up a lot of space, though, so be discriminating about what you want to keep. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link The Messages app has been given a big makeover in the new Apple update. Photo: AP Close all the tabs: If you do a lot of mobile browsing, chances are that you've really stacked up a lot of tabs on your Safari browser. In the past, you had to swipe to dismiss every single page you'd opened, but now you can long-press on the "Done" button from the page management menu and close all those tabs at once. 3D Touch everywhere: If you have an iPhone 6S (or iPhone 7, for that matter), Apple's hidden quite a few goodies using 3D Touch - the hardware feature that lets you push down on the touchscreen to pull up more menus. This includes my personal favorite: the flashlight app now how has three levels of brightness. You can find that through the icon in your control centre. You can also use 3D Touch on the timer icon there to quickly set countdowns of an hour, 20 minutes, five minutes or one minute. Another handy one is to use 3D Touch on the "X" icon at the top of your notifications screen to clear all the notifications at once. Prioritise downloads: If you've got a lot of updates to download, you can 3D touch on apps to move the update you really want to the front of the queue. So if you're really dying to try out the new buddy system in Pokemon Go but also have to update a lot of apps from work, you can move the fun one to the front of the queue. Washington Post Advertisement HuffPost Australia Watch: Art & Science Collide In ... Contains: External link Doom Or Gloom: Trend Predictions For ... Contains: External link Most Popular Everything Samsung announced at CES 'A challenging year': Samsung blunt about its struggles Speedy way to a supercharged NBN connection VR shoes let you feel the surface you're not walking on Faraday Future unveils FF 91 electric car Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology Speedy way to a supercharged NBN connection 'A challenging year': Samsung blunt about its struggles Everything Samsung announced at CES VR shoes let you feel the surface you're not walking on Irish scientists say this gut membrane should be the newest organ Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand The Sydney Morning Herald Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida After Hird scare, Buckley rails against personal attacks Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 5941 308 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest iOS 10: Ten tweaks that add up to a major update iOS 10 has a lot of small features that add up in a big way Post to Facebook iOS 10: Ten tweaks that add up to a major update iOS 10 has a lot of small features that add up in a big way  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2d5CY9Z {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs iOS 10: Ten tweaks that add up to a major update Edward C. Baig , USA TODAY Published 10:56 a.m. ET Sept. 16, 2016 | Updated 12:03 p.m. ET Sept. 18, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share With Apple's latest release event comes a new OS for their devices, this is what you need to know about iOS 10 and what new features it offers. USA TODAY Siri can summon an Uber in iOS 10 (Photo: Edward C Baig) NEW YORK — It can remind you where you parked, announce aloud who is calling and even automatically save you some space on your phone by removing music you haven’t listened to in a while. Go grab iOS 10 if you haven’t already done so. Apple’s free mobile operating system is indeed a major update for your iPhone (and iPad), with a gaggle of features, some large, but many small, that can collectively give a nice jolt to your perfectly functioning but aging handset. Of course, iOS 10 is at the very core of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus that first hit stores Friday. I’ve been using the software in beta for a couple of months, and for more than a week now on the latest iPhones. The update is well worth it. USA TODAY iPhone 7 review: Upgrades are worth it, even the AirPods, Baig says Moreover, you can download the software with the confidence that Apple has fixed the issues that gave migraines to some of the first users who tried installing iOS 10 on Tuesday. (That said, please back up your phone or tablet first.) To be sure, some of the features that come with iOS 10 represent more of a big deal than others — and yes, some find Apple playing catch-up to rivals. iOS 10 brings a lot of extra spice to the Messages app, with animated stickers, fireworks and other fanciful effects, built-in image search and a dedicated iMessages App Store. Search is better and so are notifications, and Apple Music is also vastly improved. The Photos app now exploits advanced computer vision to automatically analyze and organize the images in your library— ask Siri, for example, to find the pictures you took at the beach or the ones that have a dog in them. Never mind that Google got a head start on Apple with this sort of thing. Or that the feature is not without flaws — my Siri dog query surfaced a few cats as well, and you'll find it may take awhile for the software to index a sizable Photos library, the status of which Apple could do a better job of letting you know about. The feature is useful, cool and I suspect will get better over time. Siri itself now gets chummy with third party app developers, and though still a work in progress as some of those developers continue to update their wares, is freed up to do a lot more. Siri can communicate with various apps.  (Photo: Edward C Baig) The experience isn’t perfect yet: One time when I asked Siri to book me a ride to a location in New Jersey, it first asked me which app I wanted to use on my phone: Uber, Lyft or local taxis. After selecting Uber, Siri asked me “what type of ride” I wanted: uberPool, uberX, etc? All good. But when Siri said Uber could get me a ride in two minutes, it had misread my destination and quoted me a much higher fare. I had better luck during other tries. You can also arrange to have Siri send money for you, through such apps as Square Cash or Venmo. This didn't completely go off without a hitch either. Siri couldn't find a friend I wanted to pay inside Venmo, even though the person is among my Venmo friends inside the app.  I also ran into trouble with a Square Cash transaction. But a lot of what makes iOS 10 worthwhile are the smaller niceties. Here’s a peek at 10. *Announce the caller. You’ve long been able to identify incoming callers via Caller ID or by assigning specific ringtones to your contacts. New with iOS 10, however, is an Announce Call feature in which Siri will state the name of a caller (if known) when your phone rings. You can customize the feature in the phone’s settings, choosing whether to have Siri announce calls all the time, only when you’re wearing headphones, or only when you’re wearing headphones or in the car. If you prefer for your phone to remain mum, that’s an option too. Meantime, calls from VoIP providers are now integrated into the Phone app. *Transcribe voicemail. Through visual voicemail you could always see who was calling you and play back your voicemail messages in any order. Now you can read a transcript of those messages, though the feature is still in beta as reflected by transcripts that can be far off base. *Multilingual typing. The QuickType feature on iPhone keyboards already takes a stab at predicting the three words you might want to type next. With iOS 10, however, if you’re texting with someone who speaks another language, you don’t have to manually switch keyboards to have the iPhone predict the next appropriate word in that other language. You can go back and forth and type in which language makes sense at the moment. Initially, the feature works with any pair of English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish. Chinese is also supported. *Raise to wake. The moment you pull the phone out of your pocket or lift it off the table the display comes alive. If you consider this a distraction, you can disable the feature. *Filter mail. Tap the new icon at the bottom left corner of your inbox and you can filter mail by the messages you haven’t read yet. Bedtime feature in Clock app  (Photo: Edward C Baig) *Bedtime benefits. You may not go to sleep and wake up at the same time every day. But the goal of the Bedtime feature (inside the Clock) app on the iPhone is to get you to try. You can set up bedtime reminders, wake up sounds, and populate sleep data into a third party sleep tracker and the Apple Health app. *Remove music you haven’t listened to in a while. Choose this Apple Music setting to optimize the space on your phone. You can select a minimum amount of storage for music, depending your phone’s capacity, from 16GB (about 3200 songs) to 128GB (25,600 songs). iOS 10 can help you find a parked car.  (Photo: USA TODAY) *Look up stuff. In the past you were able to highlight a word in the Notes, Mail, or Messages and choose a “Define” option. You can still get a dictionary definition for that word. But “Define” has been renamed “Look Up” to better reflect that it can do more—including finding related movies, TV shows, Web videos, locations, and Wikipedia entries. *Get a parking reminder. Your iPhone can help you remember where you parked your vehicle. Assuming you were using Bluetooth in the car when you parked, Apple will record the location and plot it on a map. I’d like to see a bit more precision in how it works however. For example, in a “Today view” notification screen I was told that my car was parked 100 feet away from Churchill Rd., when I was parked on Churchill Rd. *Adjust the flashlight. A flashlight is one of those handy utilities that has been readily accessible in the Control Center that slides up from the bottom of the screen. Nothing new there. What is new is that on iPhones that take advantage of the pressure-sensitive 3D Touch feature, you can now change the intensity of the light from bright to medium to low. Email: ebaig@usatoday.com; Follow USA TODAY Personal Tech Columnist @edbaig on Twitter Skip in Skip x Embed x Share To celebrate the launch of the iPhone 7, take a look back at how Apple's iconic smartphone has changed since it debuted in 2007. Reviewed.com 5941 CONNECTTWEET 308 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2d5CY9Z NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Saturday, Jan 07, 2017 | Last Update : 07:04 AM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, Mobiles and Tabs Fans cheer, but iPhone 7 gets a subdued welcome REUTERS Published Sep 17, 2016, 7:55 am IST Updated Sep 17, 2016, 7:55 am IST Apple fans assembled at stores around the world to be among the first to buy the iPhone 7.  The tech giant announced earlier this week that the larger iPhone 7 Plus had sold out. Apple employees enthusiastically counted down the last moments before stores from San Francisco to Shanghai opened on September 16 to launch the iPhone 7, but the ranks of shoppers were notably thinner than in previous years. Apple fans assembled at stores around the world to be among the first to buy the iPhone 7, the retail phenomenon that accompanies the launch of the company's updated flagship product each year. The tech giant announced earlier this week that the larger iPhone 7 Plus had sold out, prompting some who had set up camp outside Apple's marquee store in San Francisco to pack up their bags and head home. To be sure, online pre-orders have made lines unnecessary for all but diehard fans, and in Chinese stores only those who had ordered in advance were queuing to collect. Yet in markets like China, online interest in the new phone has also been muted, as cheaper local brands amp up their design and marketing. Wu Ting, a 28-year-old from Nanjing, was surprised to find herself first in line at a downtown Apple store in Shanghai on September 16, a holiday in China. "I found last year that there were crowds of people, but this year almost no one. I came an hour early thinking I'd have to wait a long time before getting seen," Wu said. The stakes for the iPhone 7 are high after sales of the gadget dropped during two straight quarters this year, the first declines in its history. The iPhone is Apple's lifeblood, accounting for more than half of the company's revenue. But some on Wall Street fear that the world's most valuable company is due for a disappointing year as the redesigned phone features largely incremental improvements, such as an enhanced camera and new headphone technology. Sales in China will be a key harbinger for Apple's prospects: The success of the iPhone 6 in China propelled the company to record heights in 2014, while the 6S contributed to the company's first global revenue drop in over a decade earlier this year. Apple will not release first-weekend sales of the phones this year, a break with previous policy. The figure has become a reflection of supply more than demand, the company said. An index of searches on Baidu, China's most popular search engine, shows the new phone lagging both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5. Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more than doubling a year earlier, while its market share has fallen to around 7.8 per cent, placing it fifth behind local rivals Huawei, OPPO and Vivo. "From Steve Jobs to Tim Cook, Apple has never had any marketing strategy tailor-made for China," said Zhou Zhanggui, a Beijing-based strategic consultant. "Apple risks losing out more if it does not better cater to local demands in its marketing as well as product design." In Beijing's fashionable Sanlitun shopping district, several people who had already grabbed new iPhone 7s were hawking them for a markup just outside a flagship store. Loyal Fans Line Up In Sydney But Apple has not lost its shine for all customers. Marcus Barsoum, a 16-year-old who described himself as a "diehard Apple fan," spent two nights camped outside the Sydney store. By morning, some 200 people were gathered in light rain to be the first customers globally to own iPhone 7s. Weary but elated, Barsoum charged into the store at 8 a.m. to the cheers of Apple staff. He emerged with a matte black iPhone 7, although he had wanted a larger 7 plus in jet black. "It feels great to be the first in the world to have the iPhone 7," he said. "It was 100 percent worth it." Omar Nofal, a 26-year-old doctor in San Francisco, was all smiles as he emerged from the Apple Store with a silver iPhone 7, his first upgrade in four years. He said he was tempted to hold off until next year, when many predict Apple will redesign the iPhone to mark the gadget's 10th anniversary, but his phone has a cracked screen. "I couldn't wait another year," he said. Tags: apple, iphone 7, iphone 7 plus, smartphones World Gallery Yearender 2016: Barack Obama, the end of an era! Refugee boy scouts learn, bond on camping trips in US Yearender 2016: The world this year Typhoon Nock-Ten ravages Philippines Yearender 2016: The rise of Islamophobia Yearender 2016: The year ISIS 'caliphate' buckled ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   So cool! Shah Rukh Khan's adorable little AbRam gets his own tree house   Amitabh Bhattacharya lifted lines from my song in SRK’s Zaalima, slams KRK   Yuvraj Singh 'given a new chance', makes a comeback to Team India   IRCTC to launch new App for faster booking of tickets   Lovebirds Virat and Anushka warm up in each other’s jackets   MS Dhoni named India A skipper for 1st warm-up game against England ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Mobiles and Tabs Motorola Moto G4 to receive Android 7.0 Nougat in late Jan Google pushes virtual reality harder with new phones from partners ASUS announces Zenfone AR with Tango, 8GB RAM, Android 7.0 Nougat Smartphone with Google 3D Tango from Taiwan's Asus Flipkart’s exchange offer: Buy Apple iPhone 6 for Rs 10,000 ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE iPhone 7 launch draws smaller crowds to Apple Stores Reuters September 16, 2016 8:31 PM Tags: Apple, Apple Stores, iPhone 7 Above: The new iPhone 7 smartphone goes on sale inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. Image Credit: REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson (Reuters) – Apple employees enthusiastically counted down the last moments before stores from San Francisco to Shanghai opened on Friday to launch the iPhone 7, but the ranks of shoppers were notably thinner than in previous years. Apple fans assembled at stores around the world to be among the first to buy the iPhone 7, the retail phenomenon that accompanies the launch of the company’s updated flagship product each year. The tech giant announced earlier this week that the larger iPhone 7 Plus had sold out, prompting some who had set up camp outside Apple’s marquee store in San Francisco to pack up their bags and head home. To be sure, online pre-orders have made lines unnecessary for all but diehard fans, and in Chinese stores only those who had ordered in advance were queuing to collect. Yet in markets like China, online interest in the new phone has also been muted, as cheaper local brands amp up their design and marketing. Wu Ting, a 28-year-old from Nanjing, was surprised to find herself first in line at a downtown Apple store in Shanghai on Friday, a holiday in China. “I found last year that there were crowds of people, but this year almost no one. I came an hour early thinking I’d have to wait a long time before getting seen,” Wu said. The stakes for the iPhone 7 are high after sales of the gadget dropped during two straight quarters this year, the first declines in its history. The iPhone is Apple’s lifeblood, accounting for more than half of the company’s revenue. But some on Wall Street fear that the world’s most valuable company is due for a disappointing year as the redesigned phone features largely incremental improvements, such as an enhanced camera and new headphone technology. Sales in China will be a key harbinger for Apple’s prospects: The success of the iPhone 6 in China propelled the company to record heights in 2014, while the 6S contributed to the company’s first global revenue drop in over a decade earlier this year. Apple will not release first-weekend sales of the phones this year, a break with previous policy. The figure has become a reflection of supply more than demand, the company said. An index of searches on Baidu, China’s most popular search engine, shows the new phone lagging both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5. Apple’s Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more than doubling a year earlier, while its market share has fallen to around 7.8 percent, placing it fifth behind local rivals Huawei, OPPO and Vivo. “From Steve Jobs to Tim Cook, Apple has never had any marketing strategy tailor-made for China,” said Zhou Zhanggui, a Beijing-based strategic consultant. “Apple risks losing out more if it does not better cater to local demands in its marketing as well as product design.” In Beijing’s fashionable Sanlitun shopping district, several people who had already grabbed new iPhone 7s were hawking them for a markup just outside a flagship store. Loyal fans line-up But Apple has not lost its shine for all customers. Marcus Barsoum, a 16-year-old who described himself as a “diehard Apple fan,” spent two nights camped outside the Sydney store. By morning, some 200 people were gathered in light rain to be the first customers globally to own iPhone 7s. Weary but elated, Barsoum charged into the store at 8 a.m. to the cheers of Apple staff. He emerged with a matte black iPhone 7, although he had wanted a larger 7 plus in jet black. “It feels great to be the first in the world to have the iPhone 7,” he said. “It was 100 percent worth it.” Omar Nofal, a 26-year-old doctor in San Francisco, was all smiles as he emerged from the Apple Store with a silver iPhone 7, his first upgrade in four years. He said he was tempted to hold off until next year, when many predict Apple will redesign the iPhone to mark the gadget’s 10th anniversary, but his phone has a cracked screen. “I couldn’t wait another year,” he said. (By Adam Jourdan, Tom Westbrook and Julia Love. Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in BEIJING, Sijia Jiang in HONG KONG, Shanghai Newsroom; Writing by John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI; Editing by Stephen Coates and Cynthia Osterman) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
As featured in The Wall Street Journal, Money Magazine, and more! Advertiser Disclosure Credit Cards Saving Investing Career Taxes Debt Reduction Real Estate Best Credit Cards 2017 Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Online Savings Accounts Best Certificates Of Deposit Best Discount Brokerages Best Mortgage Interest Rates Start Here Start Here     What Does the New iPhone 7 Cost and How Can You Pay Less? This article was written by Aliyyah Camp in Consumer. Add a comment. On September 7, 2016, Apple unveiled the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Trendsetters will have been eagerly awaiting today, the 16th, when the new iPhones start being shipped; preorders started on the 9th. There is no doubt that this launch will be successful. Apple occupies 40% of the smartphone market share — the largest majority. This market control coupled with Apple’s customer-brand loyalty makes it easy to expect the iPhone 7 phones to be a big hit. iPhone 7 Features Let’s take a look at the key features of the iPhone 7 — some of which are standard among all iPhones and some of which are new and upgraded. Design: The sleek design is standard among iPhones in general. What’s new is the water and dust resistance. The water resistance, especially, should give you peace of mind when in wet environments such as the rain or bath. Colors include: jet black, matte black, silver, rose gold, gold, and space gray. The jet black and matte black are new. Headphone Jack: It’s gone! Apple nixed the headphone jack in the iPhone 7 edition Instead, customers will receive “Lightning EarPods” that fit in the same port as the charger. Customers can also opt to purchase wireless Bluetooth headphones. Apple has released its own wireless Bluetooth headphones, called AirPods. Camera: Apple has overhauled its camera technology for the iPhone 7. The rear camera is 12 megapixels; and the front camera is 7 megapixels. The rear camera is touted to let in 50% more light than the iPhone 6 did. It is also 30% more energy efficient and 60% faster. Battery: Apple claims that the iPhone 7 will have the longest-lasting battery ever. It will generate two more hours of battery life than the iPhone 6. Apple claims the iPhone 7 can offer 13 hours of wireless audio, which is pretty nice. Display: The iPhone 7 has the same screen size as the iPhone 6: 4.7 inches. The iPhone 7 has a brighter display than the iPhone 6 with a resolution of 1334×750. iPhone 7 Price The retail prices for the iPhone 7 phones are as follows: iPhone 7 32GB $649 128GB $749 256GB $849 iPhone 7 Plus 32GB $769 128GB $869 256GB $969   There are ways to offset these large price tags, however. First, if you have an older model iPhone, you can trade it in for an Apple gift card and then use that gift card towards the purchase of the iPhone 7. Here are the estimated trade-in values (information from Apple’s website): iPhone 4s: $50 iPhone 5, 5c: $75 iPhone 5s: $125 iPhone 6: $225 iPhone 6 Plus: $250 Another way to offset the cost of the new iPhone 7 is pay for it in monthly installments through one of the large cell phone service providers. For example, Verizon is offering a monthly installment plan of $27.08 per month for 24 months. Wrapping Up Is the new iPhone 7 worth the large price tag? For technology trendsetters, the answer is a surefire “yes”. For most of us, the answer may not be that clear. The features are definitely attractive. But when you take a closer look at just the new features, you may realize that the iPhone 7 isn’t that much different from the iPhone 6 to justify shelling out another $600 to $900. If you have an older model iPhone, trading it may work out to be a good deal for you. Ultimately, the decision to purchase the new iPhone 7 will come down to your wants versus your needs. Do you have the room in your budget right now for the phone? Are you willing to sacrifice additional savings to have the newest technology? These are just a couple of questions you’ll want to consider before making the purchase. Share Tweet Pin Share Updated November 1, 2016 and originally published September 16, 2016. If you enjoyed this article receive daily emails. Follow @ConsumerismComm on Twitter and visit our Facebook page for more updates.  Email  Print About the author View all articles by Aliyyah Camp. Read related articles from Consumerism Commentary Honda Recalls One Million Cars American Express, Capital One and Discover&reg... The Great Gatsby Backlash Subscription Culture: You No Longer Own Anything { 0 comments… add one now } Cancel reply Leave a Comment Name * E-mail * Website Note: Use your name or a unique handle, not the name of a website or business. No deep links or business URLs are allowed. Spam, including promotional linking to a company website, will be deleted. By submitting your comment you are agreeing to these terms and conditions. Consumerism Commentary Banking Center Best Online Savings Accounts Best Online Checking Accounts Ally Bank Savings Account American Express Bank Capital One 360 Discover Bank Online Savings Account EverBank Money Market Account FNBO Direct Savings Account Credit Card Center Best Balance Transfer Credit Cards Best Airline Miles Credit Cards Best Cash Back Credit Cards Best Gas Credit Cards Best Overall Credit Cards Best Secured Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Best Student Credit Cards Best Travel Rewards Credit Cards More From Consumerism Commentary New Readers: Start Here! Traditional and Roth IRA Contribution Limits 2016 Federal Income Tax Brackets and Marginal Rates 2017 Federal Income Tax Brackets and Marginal Rates Create a Certificate of Deposit (CD) Ladder How to Get Out of Debt Consumerism Commentary Content on Consumerism Commentary is for entertainment purposes only. Rates and offers from advertisers shown on this website may change without notice; please visit referenced sites for current information. Per FTC guidelines, this website may be compensated by companies mentioned through advertising, affiliate programs or otherwise. Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the savings offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Editorial Disclosure: This content is not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Opinions expressed here are author’s alone, not those of the bank advertiser, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. This site may be compensated through the bank advertiser Affiliate Program. UGC Disclosure: These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. Privacy Policy   Terms of Service   About Advertising   Contact Us   About   Archives   Press Copyright © 2003-2017 Consumerism Commentary. All rights reserved.
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 62° 62° Low 52° High 66° Sat 54° 65° Sun 57° 72° Mon 51° 64° See complete forecast Severe weather alert The iPhone 7 Hits Stores; Some Models Already Sold Out Posted 8:05 PM, September 16, 2016, by Steve Kuzj Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video Apple fans are finally laying their hands on the brand new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Eager customers joined long lines in cities like Sydney, Hong Kong, London, New York, Boston and San Francisco on Friday as the new models went on sale, more than a week after they were unveiled. Apple is releasing the phones, which are water resistant and feature beefed-up cameras, in more than 25 countries around the world. But people who haven't reserved one in advance won't be able to be too picky about the color -- or get the larger model. Apple said earlier this week that the iPhone 7 Plus is completely out of stock online. "During the online pre-order period, initial quantities of iPhone 7 Plus in all finishes and iPhone 7 in jet black sold out and will not be available for walk-in customers," the company said in a statement. However, some consumers who thought carriers might have the larger model in stock were disappointed as the day progressed. "The iPhone 7 Plus is not available in stores this morning, so customers who wish to get iPhone 7 Plus should go [online] to place an order," a Verizon spokeswoman told CNNMoney. Meanwhile, T-Mobile said its stores had "limited inventory at launch," with shipping dates as far away as the end of November for black iPhone 7 Plus devices. Your best bet of finding an iPhone 7 Plus may be directly through Sprint. A spokesperson told CNNMoney "most of our retail stores have [the iPhone 7 Plus] going into [today]." An AT&T spokesperson has not yet responded to a request for comment. Many customers who couldn't get a device aired their complaints on Twitter. If you're not in a rush and don't fancy spending your morning waiting on a sidewalk, you can order an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus online through Apple or a number of retailers. According to Apple's website, the jet black version of the iPhone 7 Plus won't ship until November in the U.S. All other colors, including matte black, will ship in two to three weeks if ordered online directly from Apple. Those wait times could change. The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 starts at $649 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus starts at $769. Outside an Apple Store in Hong Kong, sports coach Kala Singh said he'd reserved his matte black iPhone 7 a week ago. "I always upgrade my phone when they change the number," he said. Singh opted not to go for a jet black version because he said he'd heard it's easy to get finger smudges on them. But at the same store, Tsang Yan-yee said she was "a little bit upset" that she'd had to settle for a rose gold iPhone 7 instead of a jet black one. She also said she was disappointed with Apple's controversial decision to remove the phone's headphone jack. Filed in: Nation/World Topics: iPhone 7 Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Facebook Popular Fort Lauderdale Airport Closed After Mass Shooting Leaves 5 Dead, 8 Injured; Suspected Gunman in Custody NoHo Woman Who Went Missing With Boyfriend Confirmed to Be Dead Near Car Wreckage in Big Sur Area Watch Replay: The 128th Rose Parade Presented by Honda Dog Named ‘Scarface’ Mauls Florida Owners After They Try to Put Sweater on Him Latest News Dallas Woman Sues Uber, Honda for Crash That Allegedly Left Her Paralyzed Investigators Locate Remains of Newborn Baby Buried by Homeless Mother in Riverside Field: Police Search Resumes for Missing L.A. Man After Wrecked Car and Girlfriend’s Body Found off PCH Putin Directly Ordered Effort to Influence US Election, Intel Report Says Nation/World Technology Apple Offers Free Battery Replacement for iPhone 6S Shutdown Problem Nation/World Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Banned From All U.S. Flights, FAA Says Technology Apple Watch Series 2 Review: A Worthy iPhone Companion Nation/World Gold-Plated Trump iPhones Now Available to the Super Rich Nation/World Apple Delays AirPods Launch 1 Day Before MacBook Event Nation/World Black Friday: Post-Thanksgiving Shoppers Flock to Malls Looking to Score Deals Technology Nintendo’s Iconic Mario Comes to iPhone for First Time Ever Nation/World Samsung Brand at Risk Following Galaxy Note 7 Failures Technology Google Pixel Is the Best Android Phone Yet Nation/World Samsung Halts Production of Galaxy Note 7 Phone as Battery Problems Linger Technology Best Wireless Earbuds for Your Smartphone Nation/World Super Mario Run Debuts on Apple Devices Thursday Nation/World Samsung Permanently Ends Production of Galaxy Note 7 Smartphone Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Cellular Communications Equipment Wins $22 Million Verdict Against Apple in Willful Patent Infringement Case Cellular Communications Equipment Wins $22 Million Verdict Against Apple in Willful Patent Infringement Case Posted on September 17, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Nelson Bumgardner has achieved a $22.1 million jury verdict representing Cellular Communications Equipment LLC in a patent infringement case against Apple in the Eastern District of Texas. Fort Worth, Texas (PRWEB) September 16, 2016 A jury in the Eastern District of Texas has awarded a $22.1 million verdict to Cellular Communications Equipment LLC (CCE) after hearing evidence that Apple willfully infringed on a CCE patent. CCE holds a portfolio of telecommunications patents, many of which pertain to Long-Term Evolution (LTE) technologies. The jury award in this case is the financial consideration due CCE through March of this year for infringement of U.S. Patent No. 8,055,820. “The jury found Apple’s actions in this case constituted a willful misappropriation of CCE’s intellectual property rights,” said Ed Nelson, co-lead counsel for CCE and founding partner of Nelson Bumgardner. CCE is a subsidiary of Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ: ACTG). Also serving as trial counsel for CCE were Caldwell, Cassady & Curry founding partners Brad Caldwell and J. Austin Curry, and Wesley Hill of Ward, Smith & Hill. “The outcome would not have been possible without the hard work and trial court savvy of our co-counsel,” said Mr. Nelson. Nelson Bumgardner PC is a boutique law firm specializing in technology and intellectual property. The firm provides world-class legal counsel to technology companies, small businesses, and inventors across the United States. The firm is staffed with eleven highly trained intellectual property attorneys experienced in complex litigation, patent and intellectual property disputes, and Patent Office proceedings. The team includes engineers and computer scientists with degrees from top-tier universities, and all of the attorneys have experience with a wide array of technologies, including telecommunications, semiconductors, software, computer security, e-commerce, and medical devices. The firm was founded in 2008 and has offices in Fort Worth, Texas and Orland Park, Illinois. For more information about Nelson Bumgardner PC, visit http://www.nelbum.com. Case:6:14-CV-00251 Court: US District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Tyler Division For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/09/prweb13693097.htm Latest News Global Iron Powder Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 Global Area Rugs Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 Global Induction Cooktop Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 Global CIS Tin Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 Global Alfalfa Hay Sales Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 LunchboxWax to Open in Upscale Chandler, Arizona, Retail Center Registration for Bike New York’s 40th Anniversary TD Five Boro Bike Tour Opens January 10th At 12:00pm Global Marine Composites Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 Global Flexible Endoscopes Consumption Market 2016: Industry Insights, Demand, Statistics and Analysis 2021 Global Photopheresis Products Market Key Trends by 2024 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending CES 2017 Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG V20 Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Galaxy Note 7 vs iPhone 7 / 7 Plus drop test! Features by Joshua VergaraSeptember 16, 2016 115 2295 21 It’s that time of year again; the new iPhone is here – well, both of them actually – and as with previous years, it’s time to put them through their paces. Except this year, there’s one major difference; rather than an iPhone 7 drop test here on Android Authority, we’ve passed the mantle over to our sister site TabTimes. Just so you don’t feel left out, we’re dropping the Galaxy Note 7 – so from Sydney, let’s see how Samsung’s glass-clad best fares against the metal-clad flagships from Apple. Let’s kick things off with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus drop test: you know the drill, three drops – on its back, on a side (usually the bottom) and then on its face – but like you may have seen with our LG V20 Drop Test, we’ve decided to step things up a notch. Should the phones survive the first drop test, we add a second tier with a drop from a much higher height. With that out of the way… let’s see how Apple’s best manages to fare. So both, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, manage to surprise us by surviving not just the first drop test, but the higher tier drop test as well. By point of reference, the military-standard rated LG V20’s screen cracked on the very final test so Apple has certainly done well to produce devices that are capable of handling a few tumbles. Now to Samsung and the Galaxy Note 7 is arguably already at a disadvantage; no, not for the risk that it might explode but because it features glass on both, the front and the back. Yet the glass is Corning’s Gorilla Glass 5, which might not be quite as scratch resistant as Gorilla Glass 4 but is rated at being more shatter resistant than the previous generation. Undergoing the same tests in the same glamorous location, does the Galaxy Note 7 survive? Let’s find out: And there’s the result; the Galaxy Note 7 survives three tests but then breaks when being dropped on its back (as it actually landed on the Edge curve). Further attempts to drop it certainly don’t break the handset any further but its susceptibility to shattering when dropped on the Edge is certainly worth keeping in mind if you have butter fingers. With all that being said, it’s worth remembering that life is random and just because the iPhone 7 / 7 Plus survived (and the Galaxy Note 7 broke), doesn’t mean that this will always be the case. Everything from the angle it drops at, to how it lands, the surface it’s landing on and more can all affect the overall result so if you’re worried about breaking your phone, be sure to err on the side of caution and either buy one that’s a little more rugged – like the LG V20 or Galaxy S7 Active – or protect your smartphone with a case. What do you think of this drop test and the overall result? Which of these devices would you buy? Let us know your views on this and more – aside from the Note 7 exploding that is – in the comments below and be sure to also check out TabTimes’ iPhone 7 Water test to see just how water resistant Apple’s latest handsets are! Features Samsung Galaxy Note 7, Drop Test, Apple iPhone 7, Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7, Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Drop Test, Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Joshua Vergara Writer, blogger, and videographer - Josh is a former support technician that learned much about technology by fixing everyone else's. On the side, he wrote and performed spoken word, maintained his own personal blogs, and began his own video podcast. Now, he's here at Android Authority looking to put it all together! Deals 92% The Complete Android N Developer Course $200 $17 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 115 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Huawei Mate 9 International Giveaway! 5 days ago2856 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   LG’s new voice-activated robot for the home is powered by Alexa 48 minutes ago   Best of CES 2017: the most impressive products from the show 2 hours ago   Verizon and AT&T quietly make wireless plan changes 2 hours ago   Keyboard and Android Wear support for Google Assistant may be coming soon 4 hours ago   Watch two Google Home speakers share a deep conversation 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   Hands-on: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 is made to withstand abuse 14 hours ago   Here’s the gorgeous Xiaomi Mi Mix in white 15 hours ago   Wrists-on with Garmin’s new fenix 5 lineup at CES 2017 18 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2016 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
printed January 6, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18184 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  Reviews  › Review: Apple iOS 10 Article Comments  2   Sep 16, 2016, 3:30 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Apple's iOS 10 gives iPhones and iPads a healthy serving of new features. Some are easy to discover, while others are not. We really like the new iMessage tools and the snappiness of Apple News. It's hard not to appreciate the more powerful version of Siri to lend a helping hand when requested. Apple Maps and Apple Photos are now much better at search, but Apple Music still struggles a bit. Here is Phonescoop's full review of iOS 10 for Apple iPhones and iPads. AD       article continues below... Intro Apple released iOS 10 recently for iPhones and iPads. While the platform looks largely the same as it has since the release of iOS 7, this year's update makes big strides in several key apps and functions. Siri now interacts with more apps across the platform, and iMessage is more fun than ever. Apple News, Maps, Music, and Photos all see significant feature upgrades, and Apple overhauled the lockscreen and notifications, too. Here's our in-depth look at what's new in iOS 10. Performance I tested iOS 10 on an iPhone 5, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPod Touch 6th Gen, and iPad Pro. The platform runs really well on all of these devices. Typically, iOS performs like garbage on older iPhones, so I was particularly worried about the iPhone 5. But Apple's 2012-era smartphone handles iOS 10 with aplomb. It had no trouble with the operating system whatsoever. Apple has refined the heck out of iOS and it's now incredibly stable. Lockscreen, Notifications, Control Center If you'be been using iOS since 2007 like I have, you're going to find your years of experience now works against you. Since its launch, iOS has always asked users to "slide to unlock." Once iPhones gained fingerprint readers, users could bypass the swiping by simply pressing the home button and holding there to activate Apple's Touch ID. For those who prefer PINs or passwords, slide to unlock remained and has surely become rote behavior for many. With iOS 10, Apple assumes everyone is using the fingerprint reader and there is no slide to unlock. Now, you can press the home button and unlock the phone at the same time with your fingerprint. If you don't use the fingerprint reader to secure your iPhone, you need to tap the home button a second time to call up the PIN/password screen. It's a small change, but one I struggled with. Muscle memory takes time to unlearn. The lock screen is now a very busy place. Technically speaking, there are three functions available from the lock screen: notifications, the Today screen, and camera. Notifications appear on the main lock screen and are far more informative than before. You can see photos and videos or respond to messages right in your notifications. The photo/video previews are neat, but you can turn that feature off for privacy. Notifications   Tons of widgets are available for the Today screen. Swipe one screen over from the lockscreen to see the weather, your email or calendar, transit times, news headlines, and much more. You can customize the widgets and arrange them however you wish. Again, there are privacy controls to choose what's available without unlocking. You can also hide the Today screen entirely. I find the widgets offer limited usefulness, especially from the lock screen. If you see a news story you want to read, for example, you have to unlock the phone before you can read it. This kind of negates the idea of quick-consumable content. I do, however, like being able to see my next calendar appointment at a glance. Today/Widgets   You can easily access the camera from the lockscreen. I use this all the time and find it very convenient. I do not care for the changes Apple made to the Control Center. First, the Control Center panel is taller than before, which makes it harder to use on the iPhone 6 Plus (the top can be quite a reach for your thumb). Also, the Control Center is now split into two screens: the first contains radio toggles, screen brightness, and some app shortcuts, while the second is relegated to music controls. The music controls now include album art, but the panel is unnecessarily huge and awkward looking. There was no need to split the panel in two, and it now takes an extra step to control your music. Control Center   Taken as a whole, these revamped controls miss mark in my opinion. The user interface is more cluttered and less simple. Granted, you can do more from the lockscreen, but the widgets are of limited usefulness. Android's lockscreen and notification tools can be just as rich, but are easier to manage and use. iMessage and Typing My tween daughter is obsessed with iMessage now, and so are all of her friends. Apple's new messaging application supports more emoji, scribbling, animated and disappearing text, GIF/image search, sticker packs, and even apps. It's a home run for those who find words too limiting. Three new icons appear next to the text box within message threads: camera, heart, and apps. Want to send a photo or video? Press the camera. This tool is easy to figure out and provides access to your photo library or the camera/video camera. IMessage   Want to scribble a drawing or send animated air kisses? Press the heart. This tool takes some time to figure out. There are several animations and drawing options available from a small column on the right side of the screen. A camera button is on the left. You can draw whatever you want, or take a photo/video and then draw on the results, or shoot video and draw at the same time. It offers lots of room for creativity, but I didn't find it entirely intuitive. Digital Touch   iMessage apps are probably the best part of iMessage. Press the little app icon and a dialog box opens with all the apps onboard that offer iMessage tools. For example, The Weather Channel has an iMessage tool that lets you send the forecast — complete with Weather Channel branding and colors — to anyone in your iMessage inbox. There's also now an entire store dedicated to iMessage apps. It is accessible from the app dialog box. There are gobs of apps that have iMessage functions, and there is no end of sticker packs (literally digital stickers you can slap on messages). Some are free, some cost money. My favorite is JibJab, which lets you insert your face into all sorts of silly animations for sharing with friends and family. This stuff is all lots of fun. IMessage Apps   The new iMessage is competing with Facebook, WhatsApp, Snapchat, and others. In that respect, iMessage in iOS 10 is a competitive offering that may convince some people to stick with Apple's app rather than use third-party options. (We'll see if that changes once Google's AI-assisted Allo app arrives.) It's worth pointing out that you can send these new and enhanced messages via MMS rather than the actual iMessage service. Android devices, for example, receive app content, scribbles, GIFs, and more in MMS form. For the most part, formatting is intact. We did notice that the scribble-on-video tool only delivers the video to Android devices, and not the accompanying scribble. This could be good or bad. The keyboard has been bolstered, too. To start, there are hundreds more emoji baked into iOS 10. The emoji are baked into the word suggestions, too. For example, if you type the word "taco" the keyboard will automatically show the taco emoji so you can choose that instead of the boring old word. The text animations are fun. Using a little arrow that appears on the right edge of the text box, you can select to send messages in huge text or small text, “slam” them to get someone's attention, and even send disappearing text that recipients need to press to read. Further, the keyboard allows you to designate a second main language so you can type in two languages (English and Spanish, or German and Italian, etc.) without switching keyboards. This is very helpful for those who are multilingual. Last, the keyboard pops up more contextual predictions. For example, if you're typing a message that says "I'm available at…" the phone will reveal open slots in your calendar. Or if you type "John's number is…" the keyboard will automatically pull up a list of all the Johns in your contacts. Neat. The Apple keyboard still doesn't include swipe typing, but improved support for third-party keyboards means you can download and use your own without losing access to the fun iMessage animations. Siri Since its launch, Siri has been limited to interacting with a certain cross section of apps. That changes with iOS 10. Apple released tools to developers so they can add Siri functionality to their own apps. This is huge. To start, Apple has improved Siri's IQ. The company relies on machine-learning technology to help Siri adapt to each person's individual style of speaking. This means people can speak more naturally and expect Siri to understand what they are saying. I still think Google Now is better at understanding natural language requests, but there's no doubt that Siri is much, much improved over iOS 9. Siri is just a half-step behind Google at this point. Siri's ability to work with other apps is clutch. Something to keep in mind here is that it is up to third-party app developers to add Siri to their own apps; Siri won't automatically work with every app on the phone. Apple points to partners such as Lyft, Uber, Venmo, LinkedIn, WhatsApp, and Pinterest that are adopting Siri functionality right away. For example, you can say "I'd like a ride to JFK via Lyft" and Siri will understand the request, launch Lyft, and send a ride request. There are still roadblocks. When I asked Siri to play some Metallica, Siri was able to open Apple Music and start playing the most recent Metallica song. What I asked Siri to play some Metallica using Spotify, Siri was able to open Spotify, but not start the music. It will be on Spotify to add Siri to the app so my request works as intended. It will take some time for apps to accommodate Siri, but the promise is real. I do wish it were easier to assess which apps do support Siri at the moment before I waste lots of time asking my phone to do things it can't yet do. Siri   Maps Apple Maps stumbled out of the gate when it launched several years ago, but Apple has made steady improvements to the app over time. In iOS 10, Maps adds a handful of functions that may help make traveling around town a bit easier. Maps now works directly with third-party apps to support reservations and other types of bookings. For example, I searched for a local restaurant in Maps. A button in Maps suggested I make a reservation through OpenTable. I didn't have OpenTable installed, so I had to download the app in order to complete the reservation. Once installed, Maps worked with OpenTable to let me make a booking. I could also book a ride with Uber. As with Siri, it will be up to third-party developers to add their functionality to Maps. Maps now includes search along your route. It was easy for me to find a gas station on the route between my house and Manhattan. Further, going to the gas station didn't interrupt my real-time navigation. The search tool is easy to use and prioritizes search for categories such as banks, coffee shops, restaurants, hotels, and so on. Last, Maps is more personal. It is able to learn your daily routine and suggest places and routes depending on your calendar and where you often go. The app will automatically tell you the best way to get to your next meeting. These tools all worked well enough and they make fine additions to Apple Maps. Google Maps is perhaps more powerful and polished, and some of these new Apple Maps functions mirror what's already available in Google Now. But Apple Maps isn't as far behind as it used to be. Maps   Music Apple's Music app is incredibly clunky. I think the iOS 9 version was the worst variant, but Apple's attempt to clean things up in iOS 10 didn't go quite far enough. For a company that prides itself on design, Apple Music is darned ugly. Black and red text on a white background may seem modern, but I don't care for the fonts and organization. The "library" tab, for example, is a jumble of menus and album art. You can customize it to a degree, but rearranging the menus doesn't make it any prettier. One change I do like is that it's finally easier to find and access music that's actually downloaded to your device. This is critical for offline playback. Any music you have stored locally is available in a new "downloaded music" screen. I find the "for you" recommendations to be a little bit better in iOS 10. I subscribe to the Apple Music family plan because my girls like listening to music too. The problem with this was that their tastes don't gel with mine and vice versa. I didn't appreciate Apple Music suggesting my daughters listen to Slayer while it suggests I listen to Taylor Swift. Apple Music now seems to know that we're different people and offers more tailored and appropriate suggestions. It's somewhat easy to browse for new music in the New Releases section, but I find it hard to reconcile that Apple Music and the iTunes Store — which sells music — are two different things. For example, I'll browse in iTunes and go to add music to my library only to discover that I have to pay for it. Meanwhile, the same music is free to add to my library in Apple Music. This is just dumb and frustrating. On the plus side, Apple Music now includes song lyrics. Even though I don't particularly care for Apple Music, it's loads better than Google Play Music, which is a total dumpster fire of usability. Apple used to own the mobile music experience with authority. What happened? Music   News Apple News in iOS 10 is far more refined and useful than it was in iOS 9. Thankfully, the app is now much faster. The initial setup is still a bit more involved than I want it to be (selecting interests, topics, sources, etc.) but the payoff is bigger. Apple News now shows me much more relevant stories from sources and publications I like. You can always tweak the settings after the fact to find more topics and stories. The app can support paid subscriptions, so you can add your favorite magazines, newspapers, and websites to the app if you wish. The app also supports customizable notifications for breaking news and other stories you may want to know about right away. Browsing for news is simple, and keyword search makes finding specific stories a snap. Last, the app is attractive. Stories are formatted attractively on the screen, with imagery and videos embedded for easy viewing. With Apple News aboard, there's little need to bother with third-party readers, such as Flipboard. News   Photos Apple Photos takes a huge step forward in iOS 10 in order to better combat the powerful Google Photos app. The big change in Apple Photos for iOS 10 is a dash of artificial intelligence to help search for and organize photos and albums. The tentpole feature is called Memories. Memories automatically searches through photos and videos and assembles images based on events, faces, locations, and more. It then puts the photos into slideshows that you can watch on your iPhone or push to an Apple TV. The slideshows are enhanced with music, titles, and even transitions. It goes without saying that you can edit all this so the memories are just as you want them to be. Does it work? Well… One of the oddest limitations is that Memories can only assemble three Memories per day. Remember, it's doing a lot of scanning and processing in the background. If your photo library is large, this takes time. My library has some 50,000 images and 2,000 videos going back more than 15 years. Apple Photos sure picks some odd ones. The first time I fired up Apple Photos, it presented to me a collage of the "best photos" from a particular day in July. That collection included some neat shots of my kids playing in the pool, but it also included pictures I took of a pair of headphones for work. I'd hardly say that a picture of headphones is worth remembering in a stylized slideshow. Photos is better at organizing photos by people. It uses facial recognition to lump together photos of particular people. This is even more accurate if you've taken the time to tag peoples' faces in Photos. You can then easily search for all the photos with those people. Search also works with places and even things. For example, I searched for "Las Vegas" and Photos showed me all the pictures I've shot in Las Vegas going back to 2010. That's pretty cool. Alternately, you could search for "casino" and Photos picked out all the casinos in shots I took on the strip over the years. You can search for stuff like mountains, flowers, beaches, dogs, etc. The best part is Siri integration. If you have a newer iPhone, you can say "Hey Siri, find my pictures with cats in them" and Siri will open Photos and do exactly that. Last, Photos gains some of the fun tools found in iMessage. This means you can add stickers to photos as well as draw on them and otherwise mark them up. It's then a snap to share photos through iCloud Photo Sharing, AirDrop, or social networks such as Facebook. All these tools are a big help for Photos. The app is more feature-rich than ever. It's not quite up to par with Google Photos, but now it's at least in the same league. Photos   Odds and Ends Apple developed a new app to accompany its HomeKit internet-of-things functionality called Apple Home. The app works with HomeKit-compatible things, like connected lights and thermostats, and gives you a dead-simple dashboard for managing them. You can program select actions that happen when you are "home" or "away," and can take control of individual appliances and systems at a whim. HomeKit-connected gear can't multiply quickly enough. You will need to seek out stuff with the HomeKit logo. For example, some zWave and ZigBee based stuff simply doesn't work with HomeKit. Home   Apple updated Continuity with some new functions. As long as you use iCloud to link your iPhone, iPad, and Mac, you can copy text on one device and paste it on another. This is a lifesaver when you need to move small bits of content from device to another. Handoff works more consistently, too. With Handoff, you can begin a message on your iPhone and then finish it on your Mac. Handoff works with Mail, Safari, Pages, Numbers, Keynote, Maps, Messages, Reminders, Calendar, Contacts, Notes, Podcasts, Clock, and News. Apple says it improved Security within iOS. The platform specifically asks for permission before accessing location information or personal data (think contacts, calendars, etc.) Moreover, iPhone owners have total control over what apps are allowed to access HealthKit and HomeKit data. Android offers more options when it comes to protecting personal data. For example, Android's security tools can encrypt the entire device and ensure that no one can decrypt it without the owner's password or PIN. Both platforms are getting better about security, but it still takes some know-how to manage. Speaking of Health, Apple devised a new app to help manage fitness data and other HealthKit-related information. Even if you don't have an Apple Watch or other fitness device, Apple Health tracks steps, activity, and more throughout the day. The dashboards are easy to use and more feature-rich than Google Fit on Android devices. Health   Apple Pay is coming to the web. You'll start to see it in mobile websites via Safari on your phone. For example, I was able to use Apple Pay on Apple.com to order an iPhone 7. (Apple Pay is coming to the desktop web, too.) Apple has a very neat security function in play. As long as your iPhone and Mac are synced via iCloud, you can use Touch ID on your iPhone to authorize Apple Pay payments on your computer. Cool! (You can't use Touch ID to unlock your Mac.) Wrap-Up There's no question that iOS 10 is a strong release from Apple. It brings more smarts to the platform along with powerful features that have real use in our everyday lives. I do think Apple needs to make the operating system a bit more cohesive and, dare I say, find a path back to its simpler interface design roots. The improved apps are, above everything else, fun and delightful. I enjoyed using the refreshed iMessage, and Photos' search tools make it more effective. Apple News looks and performs so much better, and Maps has some neat additions, too. I still think Apple Music is a little lost, and I could do without the revised Control Center. If you have a compatible device, I highly recommend you upgrade to iOS 10 as soon as you can. X Our Ratings Overall   Related Apple news   Apple phones iOS news Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. aeternavi Sep 19, 2016, 6:28 PM . What Apple says: "iOS 10 adds great new features!" What Apple means: "iOS 10 takes up more of your precious space and adds stuff that everyday people won't use." reply ken NJ Sep 18, 2016, 9:07 AM iOS 10 I can no longer play airplay to my airport express devices (have 4). Only works to my AppleTVs reply     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > FBI sued for keeping details about San Bernardino… FBI sued for keeping details about San Bernardino iPhone exploit secret By Christian de Looper — September 16, 2016 6:10 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends It looks like the Apple vs. FBI case may not be completely over just yet. A group of news organizations have filed a freedom of information lawsuit against the FBI, aiming to compel the bureau to hand over the information of how it was able to hack the iPhone 5C used in the San Bernardino case, as well as who hacked it. The group includes the likes of The Associated Press, Vice Media, and Gannett, which is the parent company of USA Today. Related: No you’re not paranoid for covering your webcam, says FBI Director Comey “The FBI’s purchase of the technology — and its subsequent verification that it had successfully obtained the data that it was seeking thanks to that technology — confirmed that a serious undisclosed security vulnerability existed in one of the most popular consumer products in the world,” the filing says. The case certainly is an interesting one. After the San Bernardino shooting, the FBI demanding that Apple create a custom software to hack into the iPhone itself. Apple declined, saying that doing so would set a bad precedent for future cases. The FBI then took matters into its own hands and dropped the case against Apple. The news organizations involved in this new suit claim that it’s important that Apple is told how the hack was accomplished so that it can fix the flaw and prevent millions of iPhone owners from being vulnerable to hacks themselves. Not only that, but the group also claimed that the situation brings up questions about the allocation of public funds as well as governmental oversight issues. Finally, the suit suggests there’s no legal basis for the FBI to hold on to the information. It remains to be seen how the case plays out over the next few months. However, if history is any indicator, the FBI won’t end up having to disclose any information. Also watch: Share
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Tech & Gadgets Apple AirPods Price, Where To Buy: Can You Use It With Other Gadgets? By Rana Iqbal Singh Posted on September 17, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Apple launched AirPods along with iPhone 7 at launch event held on September 7. The wireless headphones are currently available in United States. Here are the details. Apple is selling AirPods for $159 in United States. The device is currently unavailable on online Apple Store. However, interested buyers can check the availability on the exclusive Apple Stores. For details, US customers can visit Apple official website to check availability in the nearby Apple Stores. Related: Apple AirPods, Price And When To Get Them: What We Know So Far. In United Kingdom, AirPods will cost ?159.00 and will be available in October. To check the availability in the Apple Store near you please visit Apple?s official website. Similarly, customers in other territories can visit Apple?s website then find ?Accessories? tab in ?Music? section. AirPods are compatible with Apple devices. The wireless stereophonic headphones are compatible with iPhone 5 and higher, all models of Apple Watch, iPad Mini 2 and higher, iPad Air and Air 2, and iPod Touch 6th generation. Moreover, these high tech bluetooth headphones can connect with any other device. However, it may require Bluetooth 4.0 technology. Special features such as automatic connection, one tap setup, and quick access to Siri will work only with compatible Apple devices. Also read: Rumored Apple ?AirPods? Will Not Come Cheap Due To Custom ?Bluetooth? Chip Matthew M from West Hempstead wrote on Apple Shop?s Question/Answers section, ?They will work as headphones on any device that has Bluetooth (might require Bluetooth 4.0). The special features such as easy pairing and such won’t work on a Windows laptop. I haven’t read anything about support of these features on Macbooks. But they will work as headphones as long as you have BT.? The box will contain AirPods, charging case, and lightning to USB cable. AirPods will offer 5 hours of music playback and can be recharged with the battery included in charging case. A charging case will offer additional 19 hours of useage. TheBitBag team will update the information as soon as Apple starts selling the product on its online stores. Keep reading our article for more updates of on AirPods. You may also like: AirPods Wire Price, Specs: Why Strapping Wireless Apple Earbuds Makes Sense.   Related Items:AirPods Availability, AirPods Features, Apple AirPods, Apple AirPods Price Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Some AirPods Cases Shipped with Bad Battery; Drains Faster in Idle Mode, Say Users Apple vs Nokia: Patent Battle Continues; What’s The Real Score Apple Airpods Reviews From Australia, New Zealand, Canada Pour In; Availability And Release Date News Here About the author Rana Iqbal Singh Post navigation AMD Vega GPU Architecture Countdown For CES 2017 Unveiling Starts Now Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Revealed at CES 2017, Upcoming Processor Expected to Power the LG G6 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Featured Gravity Rush 2 Powers: Kat Throwing Water Bubbles Excites Fans League Of Legends Warwick Rework: Singed Turns Champion Into Fantasy Wolverine Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack DLC: New Moves We Can Expect It’s been said many times: the WWE 2K17 Future Stars Pack is highly anticipated... Gears Of War 4 Update: Quitting Penalties, Bans, And More Coming In ‘Season 2’ Recently, the next Gears of War 4 update was confirmed on its official forums.... Final Fantasy 15 DLC: Episode Prompto Play Area Possibly The Whole Niflheim Map In Final Fantasy 15, each of Noctis’ friends has a DLC that focuses more... Mass Effect Andromeda Combat Mechanics: Everything We Know So Far Bioware’s Mass Effect Andromeda is shaping to be one of the most anticipated titles... Mass Effect Andromeda CES 2017 Gameplay Trailer Worries Fans Mass Effect Andromeda just debuted a new gameplay trailer during the Consumer Electronics Show... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft google Samsung Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky PC iOS Editors Pick EA mobile gaming facebook playstation 4 pokemon sun and moon fallout 4 featured Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games Blizzard NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
  Caracas, Friday January 6,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Business & Economy (Click here for more) Tokyo Orders Apple Subsidiary to Pay $118 Million in Taxes TOKYO  Tokyo tax authorities have ordered an Apple subsidiary in Japan to pay $118 million in taxes owing to incorrect declaration of profits earned by its Japanese iTunes entity. The tax authority said iTunes K.K. owed taxes on around $589 million earned in profits from software sale, which it transferred to an Apple subsidiary in Ireland for two years, reported Japanese news agency Kyodo on Friday. The ruling follows close on the heels of a late-August European Union order asking the U.S. tech giant to cough up an astounding $14.6 billion in taxes to Ireland over illegal tax gains. In Japan, although Apple Japan is the authorized vendor for iPhones and other products of the company, revenue from software, including from music and video sold via the online iTunes Store, goes to the Tokyo subsidiary. Japanese tax agencies discovered a huge amount of profits, which should have been subject to the archipelagos tax regime, was transferred from Tokyo to Apples Ireland subsidiary without being declared in Japan.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets September 17 2016 Save Print Global stocks slip along with oil prices as banks wobble; US greenback rises Jeremy Herron and Dani Burger Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Global stocks fell as renewed selling in crude that took oil to a one-month low sank energy shares, while the US Department of Justice's proposal to settle crisis-era claims against Germany's Deutsche Bank rattled the financial sector. The US dollar advanced to its highest since July. On Wall Street, the S&P 500 pared a weekly gain as lenders and energy producers slid more than 0.8 per cent. The fact it still eked out a gain was due to Apple's best week in almost five years, which helped prop up the index.The Stoxx Europe 600 Index capped its worst week since June, with Deutsche Bank plunging 8.5 per cent after saying the DOJ is seeking $US14 billion to settle claims of mortgage-backed securities sold during the housing boom. Russia's ruble and bonds slipped after its central bank cut interest rates. The greenback climbed amid US inflation data. Germany's 10-year yields fell below zero for the first time in a week. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Friday. Volatility returned to global markets last week in expectation the times of cheap money are coming to an end. Photo: Bloomberg Volatility returned to global financial markets in the week as central banks signal they are rethinking their approach to the monetary stimulus that's bolstered assets from stocks to bonds for the past half decade. Yield curves steepened, commodities prices tumbled and European shares headed for the worst week since June. American assets held up as investors moved into the dollar and US stocks before next week's policy decisions from the Federal Reserve Bank and the Bank of Japan. "Oil heading toward below the 40's is waking everyone up that it's probably not going to recover fully," said Brian Frank, portfolio manager at Key Biscayne, Florida-based Frank Capital Partners. "You've got Deutsche Bank, which is scaring everybody. People are getting fed up with central banks. There's a lot going on today." Apple surges  The S&P 500 fell 0.4 per cent to 2139.02 at 4 pm in New York, trimming a weekly advance to 0.5 per cent. Trading in US equities surged Friday because of a quarterly event known as quadruple witching, when futures and options contracts on indexes and individual stocks expire. Advertisement Apple. The S&P 500's biggest component, rallied 11 per cent in the five days, the most since October 2011, to add more than $US63 billion in value amid a surge in demand for the new iPhone. Apple alone added 7 points to the benchmark index. S&P Dow Jones Indices, overseer of the US equity benchmark, will implement its quarterly index rebalancing after the close, including the first reboot of S&P 500 group weights in almost two decades. That will separate real estate investment trusts from the financial industry, creating 11 top-level groups. A report today showed the cost of living in the US rose more than projected in August, indicating that inflation continues to move closer to the Fed's goal. The odds for a Fed hike at its meeting on September 21 held at 20 per cent. "The market is trading off of the Fed right now," said Brent Schutte, who helps oversee $US90 billion as chief investment strategist at Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company. "When the Fed starts pulling liquidity back, that increases volatility which will be heightened in the next six to nine months." The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped 0.7 per cent, capping a weekly decline of 2.2 per cent, the most since June. Lenders dragged the gauge lower Friday, as Royal Bank of Scotland and Credit Suisse fell more than 4 per cent, along with deep losses at some Italian and Portuguese firms. The MSCI Asia Pacific Index was up 0.6 per cent, trimming this week's drop to about 2.2 per cent. Philippine stocks dropped by the most in three months. Markets in mainland China, Taiwan, Malaysia, South Korea and Hong Kong were closed for holidays. Currencies The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index rose to its highest level since July after the inflation report. The dollar strengthened 0.8 per cent to $US1.11532 per euro and was little changed at 102.31 yen. Just over half of economists surveyed by Bloomberg anticipate the BOJ will ease monetary policy further on September 21, with an interest-rate cut seen as the most likely option. The ruble fell 0.3 per cent as cheap oil and increased volatility in emerging markets earlier in the week led investors to avoid riskier assets. The central bank in Moscow cut its benchmark rate for the first time since June. The Mexican peso fell as much as 2.2 per cent to an intraday record, outpacing its its peers as Hillary Clinton's slide in polls in the presidential race spooked traders. The currency fell to 19.6931 per US dollar, extending losses this week to 4 per cent. Commodities Crude fell 2 per cent to settle at $US43.03 a barrel in New York, extending its weekly slide to 6.2 per cent. OPEC members Libya and Nigeria, whose supplies have been reduced by domestic conflicts, are preparing to boost exports within weeks. The oil surplus will last longer than previously thought as demand growth slumps and output proves resilient, the International Energy Agency said Tuesday. Copper prices posted the biggest weekly gain in two months as the metal that's lagged far behind its peers this year gets a boost from signs that demand may strengthen in China, the biggest consumer. Zinc - the top metals performer of 2016 - posted its first back-to-back weekly drop since January. Bonds The yield on 10-year Treasury notes was little changed at 1.69 per cent, poised to end the week higher by three basis points. Long-term bonds in the U.S. took a knock this week, lifting the 30-year yield to levels last seen in June, amid speculation monetary loosening around the world has about run its course.  Japan's 30-year yield climbed to a six-month high during the week and rates on short-term securities fell on bets the BOJ will adjust policy to steepen the yield curve. Russian bonds headed for their biggest weekly decline in two months after the Bank of Russia said its 50 basis-point rate cut on Friday is the last of the year because any more would risk rekindling inflation. The outlook on Russia's junk credit rating was raised by S&P Global Ratings with the end in sight for the nation's longest recession in two decades. Bloomberg 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Centrelink Phone Lines Jammed, People ... Contains: External link Sussan Ley Bought A Gold Coast Flat ... Contains: External link Most Popular Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Is 2017 the year the scales tip? Boosted by Apple, Wall Street parties like it's 19,999 Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Dreamworld takes $6m ticket hit after tragedy Oversupply of doctors to hit this year amid calls to halt imports Jamie Oliver shuts six UK restaurants in Brexit squeeze How Elon Musk's brother is disrupting farming Interest rate cuts not win-win for all Canberra Times Man dies after injury at Summernats Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed 'Top bloke': Luke Newsome's fatal fall from ute at Summernats Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose The remarkable work of surgeons who saved Sarah's hand The Sydney Morning Herald Funnel web spider bites Southern Highlands woman in bed Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida Rove and Sam never stood a chance Saturday passenger numbers drop after Opal card changes 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win The Age Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Great white sharks spotted on Great Ocean Road, beaches closed 'Biggest typo ever': Washington Post in front page clanger Multiple fatalities, injuries in shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida After Hird scare, Buckley rails against personal attacks Brisbane Times 21 govt workers share in $55m Powerball win Toyota shares drop after targeted by Trump over Mexico manufacturing Qld teacher banned after sex with student during school hours Hammerhead shark caught at mouth of Brisbane River Advocacy group for small business criticises new $200K industry champion WA Today Bikers and Bunbury community rev up to grant Zane's birthday wish Tania Hird breaks her silence on husband James Hird's overdose Police remove fishing wire strung across Perth street 'Roadway lunacy' captured on camera in WA Family mourns teenager Wesley Ballantine, killed on Perth work site Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Saturday 7 January 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » SPOTLIGHT The owner of two new iPhone7s poses at the start of iPhone7 sales in Munich, Germany on September 16. EPA Fans cheer, but iPhone 7 gets a subdued welcome SHANGHAI/SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO, September 17, 2016 Apple employees enthusiastically counted down the last moments before stores from San Francisco to Shanghai opened on Friday to launch the iPhone 7, but the ranks of shoppers were notably thinner than in previous years. Apple fans assembled at stores around the world to be among the first to buy the iPhone 7, the retail phenomenon that accompanies the launch of the company's updated flagship product each year. The tech giant announced earlier this week that the larger iPhone 7 Plus had sold out, prompting some who had set up camp outside Apple's marquee store in San Francisco to pack up their bags and head home. To be sure, online pre-orders have made lines unnecessary for all but diehard fans, and in Chinese stores only those who had ordered in advance were queuing to collect. Yet in markets like China, online interest in the new phone has also been muted, as cheaper local brands amp up their design and marketing. Wu Ting, a 28-year-old from Nanjing, was surprised to find herself first in line at a downtown Apple store in Shanghai on Friday, a holiday in China. "I found last year that there were crowds of people, but this year almost no one. I came an hour early thinking I'd have to wait a long time before getting seen," Wu said. The stakes for the iPhone 7 are high after sales of the gadget dropped during two straight quarters this year, the first declines in its history. The iPhone is Apple's lifeblood, accounting for more than half of the company's revenue. The new iPhone 7 smartphone goes on sale inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. But some on Wall Street fear that the world's most valuable company is due for a disappointing year as the redesigned phone features largely incremental improvements, such as an enhanced camera and new headphone technology. Sales in China will be a key harbinger for Apple's prospects: The success of the iPhone 6 in China propelled the company to record heights in 2014, while the 6S contributed to the company's first global revenue drop in over a decade earlier this year. Apple will not release first-weekend sales of the phones this year, a break with previous policy. The figure has become a reflection of supply more than demand, the company said. An index of searches on Baidu, China's most popular search engine, shows the new phone lagging both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5. Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more than doubling a year earlier, while its market share has fallen to around 7.8 percent, placing it fifth behind local rivals Huawei, OPPO and Vivo. "From Steve Jobs to Tim Cook, Apple has never had any marketing strategy tailor-made for China," said Zhou Zhanggui, a Beijing-based strategic consultant. "Apple risks losing out more if it does not better cater to local demands in its marketing as well as product design." In Beijing's fashionable Sanlitun shopping district, several people who had already grabbed new iPhone 7s were hawking them for a markup just outside a flagship store. But Apple has not lost its shine for all customers. Marcus Barsoum, a 16-year-old who described himself as a "diehard Apple fan," spent two nights camped outside the Sydney store. By morning, some 200 people were gathered in light rain to be the first customers globally to own iPhone 7s. Weary but elated, Barsoum charged into the store at 8 a.m. to the cheers of Apple staff. He emerged with a matte black iPhone 7, although he had wanted a larger 7 plus in jet black. "It feels great to be the first in the world to have the iPhone 7," he said. "It was 100 percent worth it." Omar Nofal, a 26-year-old doctor in San Francisco, was all smiles as he emerged from the Apple Store with a silver iPhone 7, his first upgrade in four years. He said he was tempted to hold off until next year, when many predict Apple will redesign the iPhone to mark the gadget's 10th anniversary, but his phone has a cracked screen. "I couldn't wait another year," he said. – Reuters Tags: Apple | iPhone 7 | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories PR trends that brands shouldn't ignore in 2017 Ransomware likely migrate beyond computers in 2017 Natural gas seen bullish in H2: Barclays Mining sector seen growing after depressed 2016 AI poised to boost labour productivity by 40pc Emerging markets equities seen overweight in 2017 Challenges of hybrid cloud management UAE, Qatar among global top 10 for expat finances Online hiring slows in UAE, but 2017 outlook positive Digital transformation and the connected car Top 5 trends impacting the energy sector in 2017 Cybercriminals likely to hit corporate defences in 2017 Employee loyalty ‘major driver of productivity’ Contactless payment? Beware of New Year debt Top mobile technology trends in 2017 Hackers exploiting mobile apps pose business risks De-risking by big banks ‘hitting global trade’ Frontier markets ‘offer diversification benefits’ Outlook bleak for ME, Turkish nonfinancial corporates Oil ‘to average $61 per barrel in 2017’ Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 17 September 2016 | MYT 7:00 AM Apple tapping brakes on self-driving cars: report Speed bump: The team at what Apple named project Titan had grown to more than a thousand people but ran into problems, including showing what it could do differently from other companies working on the technology, according to the Times. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Apple is tapping the brakes on its self-driving car project as it maps a new route, The New York Times reported.  The Silicon Valley-based technology colossus has closed parts of the endeavour, which it never publicly confirmed, and laid off dozens of workers as part of a “reboot,” the Times said, citing people briefed on the matter.  The team at what Apple named project Titan had grown to more than a thousand people but ran into problems, including showing what it could do differently from other companies working on the technology, according to the Times.  Apple fuelled speculation about it automotive ambitions this year with a billion-dollar investment in Chinese ride-sharing powerhouse Didi Chuxing.  Apple downshifting on Titan comes after pumping resources into it for two years, according to the Times. It also comes as Tesla, major carmakers and rival Google rev investments in autonomous vehicles.  Google parent Alphabet and San Francisco-based Uber have both been working on getting self-driving cars on roads.  Uber earlier this week deployed driverless cars for its ride-sharing services in Pittsburgh, pushing the envelope for the use of self-driving technology.  At the same time, Uber announced two other moves to further solidify itself as a trailblazer in driverless cars.  It established a US$300mil (RM1.23bil) venture with Chinese-owned, Sweden-based Volvo Cars to develop self-driving cars for sale by 2021.  And Uber is buying Otto, a San Francisco startup developing self-driving commercial trucks.  Uber and Volvo were two of the founding members of a coalition unveiled in April to push for a unified US legal code on self-driving cars – a group that also includes Google, carmaker Ford and Uber rival Lyft.  Autonomous cars are among big-vision ideas pursued by Google’s X Lab.  Google has driven its autonomous cars some 1.5 million miles (2.4 million kilometres) with only some minor dustups.  Early this year, the company announced plans for its self-driving car program to put down roots in the Detroit area with a technology centre.  The facility will house engineers and others testing vehicles provided by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Alphabet said at the time.  The tech giant began testing its autonomous driving technology in 2009 using a Toyota Prius equipped with Google equipment.  It now has some 70 vehicles, including Lexus cars, adapted by Google in addition to its in-house designed cars unveiled in 2014. — AFP You May Be Interested Five new innovations for a better nights sleep MyEG secures another big job The powerful RM100mil men of the ministries Quality homes below RM400k Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? Consumer groups want traders to provide alternatives for plastic bags Others Also Read Showcasing the best of Klang Legal storms possible in 2017, say lawyers Bubu waiting to greet travellers during Visit Sibu Year advertisement Latest News Passwords on shared devices can be snooping spouses’ best ally Tips for kids with smartphones CES 2017: Dell’s latest notebook cuts the last cable Order your dinner hands-free with Amazon Samsung reveals QLED TVs promising top-end picture quality Most Viewed in Tech CES 2017: Dell’s latest notebook cuts the last cable Tips for kids with smartphones Five new innovations for a better nights sleep Order your dinner hands-free with Amazon Passwords on shared devices can be snooping spouses’ best ally China nibbles at Samsung share to take 50% of India’s smartphone market Samsung reveals QLED TVs promising top-end picture quality China’s Huawei sets high goal for US, global market Forget smartphones, BlackBerry’s future is all about smart cars China state tabloid scolds New York Times for investigative reports Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 17 September 2016 | MYT 10:00 AM Requiem for the iPhone's tangled earbud cord by patrick may No more tangled wires: On Sept 7 Apple unveiled the iPhone 7, whose design changes include the polarising removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack, to be replaced with the proprietary Lightning jack and Apple's new Airpods. — Zuma Press/TNS Our long national untangling nightmare is over.  For the past 15 years, we've wasted countless hours unsnarling that dreaded stretch of wire that connects earbud to the iPod and iPhone jack. With the launch of its jackless iPhone 7, Apple has come to rescue us from the very problem it created back on Oct 23, 2001, the day the first generation of earbuds came packaged with the original iPod.  That in-the-ear technology launched a new era in mobile high-fidelity. But it came with an ugly asterisk, like a piece of toilet paper stuck to your shoe: to use those earbuds one had to first untangle the tangled cord. That could last for what seemed like hours, struggling to set the buds free from the kudzu vine of white, black or pink that entangled them.  The longer and more aggressively we ripped at the wiry thicket, the further we descended into Steve Jobs' six circles of hell: Revelled, twisted, snarled, knotted, coiled and enmeshed.  Before we could plug in the earbuds to catch an incoming phone call or enjoy a playlist for a morning jog, we first had to grapple with a cord so terribly tousled that straightening it out could seem a Houdini-esque task.  In our desperation, we tried gadgets that supposedly tamed the serpent by coiling it into a small box or wrapping it around a spindle. We turned to the Internet for help and found posts like this one in 2006 on lifehacker.com: "Use your thumb to hold the earbuds against your palm. Wrap the cable around your 2nd and 5th fingers using a figure-8. This is really the key part, the crisscrossing prevents it from knotting. When you have six to eight inches of cable left, wrap the remaining cable around the centre of the figure-8 a few times. Tuck remaining cable to taste."  Yet often there was too much cable to tuck, let alone taste. And as we wrestled with wire, we missed the phone call and had to jog sans music.  Apple is now leading us out of Wiregeddon and into a promised land of Bluetoothed glory. Sure, not everyone's happy about it; some bloggers have bemoaned a Bluetooth headphone's sound quality and its need for a battery. They describe the loss of the jack as the end of civilization as we know it.  But as Karl Marx would say were he alive to say it: iPhone users of the world unite! You have nothing to lose but your wires.  So it's out with cord-organising tools like Sinch, Spool Cord Handler and earBuddy. And it's in with wireless earbuds like the Skullcandy Grind Wireless and Creative Sound Blaster Jam.  And may that great tangle R.I.P. — The Mercury News/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested Five new innovations for a better nights sleep MyEG secures another big job The powerful RM100mil men of the ministries Quality homes below RM400k Special dividend in the offing for AirAsia investors? Consumer groups want traders to provide alternatives for plastic bags Others Also Read Showcasing the best of Klang Legal storms possible in 2017, say lawyers Bubu waiting to greet travellers during Visit Sibu Year advertisement Latest News Passwords on shared devices can be snooping spouses’ best ally Tips for kids with smartphones CES 2017: Dell’s latest notebook cuts the last cable Order your dinner hands-free with Amazon Samsung reveals QLED TVs promising top-end picture quality Most Viewed in Tech CES 2017: Dell’s latest notebook cuts the last cable Tips for kids with smartphones Five new innovations for a better nights sleep Order your dinner hands-free with Amazon Passwords on shared devices can be snooping spouses’ best ally China nibbles at Samsung share to take 50% of India’s smartphone market Samsung reveals QLED TVs promising top-end picture quality China’s Huawei sets high goal for US, global market Forget smartphones, BlackBerry’s future is all about smart cars China state tabloid scolds New York Times for investigative reports Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)

Forecast Radar Cameras Photos News Business Development Elections Government Committees at a Glance Our Towns Public Safety Schools Opinion Editorial Dear Editor View From the Ridge Columns Amy and Dan Smith Ask Dr. Mike Just Like Nothing (Else) on Earth Mary Rose Lunde Sustainable Planet Wild Loudoun Sports Lifestyle People Events Behind the Scenes Faith Dine With Us Your Money Real Estate Farm and garden Equestrian Style Vineyards About Advertise Archive Calendar Submit an Event Classified Contact Us Home » Events »Lifestyle » Currently Reading: Sterling Apple Festival To Be Held September 24 and 25 September 16, 2016 by Blue Ridge Leader filed under Events, Lifestyle No Comments The Loudoun Heritage Farm Museum will be hosting the 12th annual Autumn Apple Festival on Saturday, September 24, from 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. and on Sunday, September 25, from 11:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The event will be held off Route 28 and Route 7 in Claude Moore Park in Sterling. The Apple Festival features hands-on children’s activities, apple tasting, cider pressing and demonstrations of historic orchard tools. There also will be carnival games and prizes, face painting, crafts, an opportunity to make cider in a historic barn and an old-fashioned cake walk. The charge for adults is $5. For seniors and military, it is $4. For children, the price of admission is $3 and children under the age of 2 will be admitted free. Comment on this article By commenting, you agree to abide by our Terms of Service. Search             Columns wwwThe Trump Effect “Corals are marine magicians. As colonies of the tiny ocean organisms grow, they transform the calcium that circulates in seawater into enormous limestone reefs. These reefs—which can extend for more than 1,000 miles and provide homes for crabs, eels, sea … Six Tips To a New Year and a New You in 2017 By Michael Oberschenider, Psy.D. Research has shown that as many as 45 percent of us make New Year’s resolutions, but only about eight percent are actually successful in achieving them. And it seems that age is a factor: about 39 … Investing in the Family Stock Family relationships are usually not considered under the rubric of “investments”. Yet, the personal gain and loss from family relationships is much more significant than economic return from stocks and bonds. Taking time out to relate to a person without … Choosing a Different Lens We have all heard, “A picture’s worth a thousand words,” maybe even said it aloud while perusing old photo albums or scrolling through Facebook timelines. Sometimes words fall short of adequately describing an emotion encapsulating a distinct moment. Pictures fill … Freedom Park A great name for a great place, this public space shows us – in my opinion – what’s best about Leesburg, Loudoun County and our country. Freedom Park – just off the Dulles Greenway on the South side of Town … The Grim Reaper and the Great Barrier (to be presented to the Board of Supervisors in January) “The recent frequency and intensity of mass coral bleaching are of major concern, and are directly attributable to rising atmospheric greenhouse gases.” [1] Pearl Harbor By Nicholas Reid Seventy-five years ago this December 7, to quote President Franklin D. Roosevelt, “the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan.” It will have been 75 … Student News Congratulations, Class of 2016 6 Jul 2016 Woodgrove High School’s Class Of 2016 Graduation – By Amanda Clark On June 16, Woodgrove’s Class of 2016 was the 5th graduating class to walk the stage and accept their diploma. The ceremony was filled with anticipation as the chorus, … (Be the first to comment) Buckland Earns Degree In Medicine 6 Jul 2016 Molly Buckland, D.O., graduated from the West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine with a degree of Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine on May 28. While at WVSOM, Dr. Buckland received the Dr. Roland P. Sharp President’s Award and the James R. … (Be the first to comment) Adams Promoted To Lieutenant 6 Jul 2016 Lt. James Adams, from Sterling and a Potomac Falls Halls Graduate, earned the promotion to the rank of Lieutenant. Adams is a Navy Week and Executive Outreach Planner for the Navy Office of Community Outreach in Millington, Tennessee. U.S. Navy … (Be the first to comment) Calendar January 2017 MMonday TTuesday WWednesday TThursday FFriday SSaturday SSunday 26December 26, 2016 27December 27, 2016 28December 28, 2016 29December 29, 2016 30December 30, 2016 31December 31, 2016 Family New Year’s Eve Celebration December 31, 2016 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center (All ages)  Ring in the New Year with a family-friendly celebration featuring entertainment and party favors for everyone, refreshments and simple party crafts, photo booth and more! Then countdown to “midnight” at the end of our party --- and parents can still get home in time to watch the festivities in Times Square. Tickets: $10 Adults or $35 Family of 4 or more Register on Webtrac beginning November 12th! Family New Year’s Eve Celebration iCal Event Details about Family New Year’s Eve Celebration » 1January 1, 2017 New Year's Day Musikabend January 1, 2017 3:00 pm – 6:00 pm An afternoon of classical music—spirituals, Lieder, Bach, Robert Burns—hosted by the Schiller Institute, with community singers and instrumentalists. Start the New Year with beauty and truth for a new era! First of a series. Free. Donations welcome. Leesburg Volunteer Fire Co., Station 1 (Flame Room), 215 W. Loudoun St., Leesburg, Tel. 703 297 8368 iCal Event Details about New Year's Day Musikabend » Restore & Renew January 1, 2017 6:30 pm – 8:30 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Loudoun Valley Yoga In the midst of creating an unforgettable holiday season, we often struggle to find time to slow down and take care of ourselves. Join us for a replenishing practice designed to release the stress of the season and make space for a fresh new year. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Restore & Renew » 2January 2, 2017 3January 3, 2017 4January 4, 2017 5January 5, 2017 Chair Yoga January 5, 2017 11:00 am – 12:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Utilizing a chair for modifications to make yoga accessible to people who lack the mobility to move easily from standing to seated to supine positions. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Chair Yoga » Yoga for Men January 5, 2017 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Tailored to make yoga more accessible to the unique needs of men. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Yoga for Men » 6January 6, 2017 7January 7, 2017 Core Purpose, Core Practice Yoga January 7, 2017 1:00 pm – 3:30 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Discussion of the anatomical purpose of the abdominal muscles and specific yoga poses which relate to each abdominal group. 75 Minutes of lecture/discussion and 75 Minute Yoga Practice. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Core Purpose, Core Practice Yoga » Notaviva Vineyards - Bluegrass Jam - FREE event January 7, 2017 3:00 pm – 6:00 pm Notaviva Vineyards 13274 Sagle Rd Purcellville, 20132 540-668-6756 Map Notaviva Vineyards Notaviva Vineyards presents their monthly Bluegrass Jam a FREE event held the first Saturday of every month! An event for all ages featuring Ashby Run. Open to players of every skill level 3pm-6pm Saturday 7/5 Wine available by the glass and by the bottle, lite snacks available. Must be 21 to drink alcohol. Notaviva Vineyards - Bluegrass Jam - FREE event iCal Event Details about Notaviva Vineyards - Bluegrass Jam - FREE event » 8January 8, 2017 9January 9, 2017 AUDITIONS - SEUSSICAL January 9, 2017 6:00 pm – 9:00 pm The Carver Center 200 Willy Palmer Way Purcellville, VA Map The Carver Center 6-7:30pm Youth 8-14 only 7:30-9pm Older teens and adults Callbacks are by invitation only January 10 6-9pm Main Street Theater is looking to cast about 20 youth and 35 adults for SEUSSICAL. The production dates are May 5-7 and 12-14,2017 Rehearsals will start Monday March 6 in the evenings from 6-9pm at local facilities. There will be no rehearsals over spring break April 10-14. Main Street does not rehearse on weekends. The final 2 weeks before opening, nightly rehearsals are required unless a school function interferes AUDITIONS - SEUSSICAL iCal Event Details about AUDITIONS - SEUSSICAL » 10January 10, 2017 11January 11, 2017 Beale Street Puppets: Dig Those Dinosaurs January 11, 2017 10:00 am – 12:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center (Ages 2 & up) The past is alive with prehistoric performers! May we introduce our Extinct Entertainers?  Elvis- Saurus and Ted Pterodactyl lead in the Fossil Follies with our Madcap Mesozoic Marionettes! Silly is the word for this show, with colorful dinosaurs everywhere! Beale Street Puppets: Dig Those Dinosaurs iCal Event Details about Beale Street Puppets: Dig Those Dinosaurs » 12January 12, 2017 Chair Yoga January 12, 2017 11:00 am – 12:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Utilizing a chair for modifications to make yoga accessible to people who lack the mobility to move easily from standing to seated to supine positions. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Chair Yoga » Yoga for Men January 12, 2017 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Tailored to make yoga more accessible to the unique needs of men. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Yoga for Men » 13January 13, 2017 14January 14, 2017 THE IMMORTALS January 14, 2017 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center (Ages 10 & up) Selections to include Rock, Soul, Contemporary, R&B, Jazz Standards and originals by the members. The Immortals are a group made up of the best music students at Loudoun Music Instruction. Pay at Door    $10.00        All Seats THE IMMORTALS iCal Event Details about THE IMMORTALS » 15January 15, 2017 Come Paint with Us at Breaux Vineyards January 15, 2017 12:00 pm – 3:00 pm Breaux Vineyards 36888 Breaux Vineyards Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 USA Map Breaux Vineyards Spend a lovely afternoon with us at Breaux Vineyards for a paint class!  We have paired up with local paint company Creative Mankind for a fun day of painting, wine, and a cozy atmosphere.  Breaux Vineyards will be selling wine & light fare on this afternoon, a perfect outing for friends and family. $35.00 per person ~For more information and to make a reservation click here~   Come Paint with Us at Breaux Vineyards iCal Event Details about Come Paint with Us at Breaux Vineyards » 16January 16, 2017 17January 17, 2017 18January 18, 2017 Virginia Opera: Deep River- The Marion Anderson Story January 18, 2017 10:00 am – 12:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center Be a witness to Ms. Anderson’s incredible journey for her rise to a pre-eminent spot among the world’s concert artists in spite of racial attitudes of the times, which she met with courage, grace and determination. . Presented in partnership with Virginia Commission for the Arts. Pay at Door    $8.00 All Seats Virginia Opera: Deep River- The Marion Anderson Story iCal Event Details about Virginia Opera: Deep River- The Marion Anderson Story » 19January 19, 2017 Chair Yoga January 19, 2017 11:00 am – 12:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Utilizing a chair for modifications to make yoga accessible to people who lack the mobility to move easily from standing to seated to supine positions. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Chair Yoga » Yoga for Men January 19, 2017 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Tailored to make yoga more accessible to the unique needs of men. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Yoga for Men » 20January 20, 2017 LAST HAM STANDING COMEDY IMPROV January 20, 2017 8:00 pm – 9:30 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 United States 5403387973 Map Franklin Park Arts Center (All ages)  Don’t miss this hilarious show full of laughs for the entire family. A group of talented performers take suggestions from the audience to create wacky scenes and funny improv games. If you like Whose Line Is It Anyway? you’ll love Last Ham Standing…the other comedy meat!  www.franklinparkartscenter.org Pay at Door    $12 Adults, $10 Seniors, $8 kids     LAST HAM STANDING COMEDY IMPROV iCal Event Details about LAST HAM STANDING COMEDY IMPROV » 21January 21, 2017 DANNY KNICELY CONCERT January 21, 2017 8:00 pm – 10:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center Performing music from their upcoming CD, set to release in June, featuring Danny Knicely, Will Lee & John Flower in three part harmonies, hot instrumentals, and even a couple a cappella numbers. Danny and John are both Known for their work with David Via and Corn Tornado in the early 2000’s, while Danny and Will released a well received duet album in 2006 called Murders Drownings and Lost Loves, but the three first performed together as part of the award winning Magraw Gap in the mid-1990’s. This “meetings of musical minds” is not to be missed. Tickets can be reserved at dannyknicely.com or info@dannyknicely.com or purchase at the door. Tickets:                 $20.00 All Seats in advanced, $25.00 at the Door DANNY KNICELY CONCERT iCal Event Details about DANNY KNICELY CONCERT » 22January 22, 2017 23January 23, 2017 24January 24, 2017 25January 25, 2017 26January 26, 2017 Chair Yoga January 26, 2017 11:00 am – 12:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Utilizing a chair for modifications to make yoga accessible to people who lack the mobility to move easily from standing to seated to supine positions. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Chair Yoga » Yoga for Men January 26, 2017 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Tailored to make yoga more accessible to the unique needs of men. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Yoga for Men » 27January 27, 2017 28January 28, 2017 29January 29, 2017 30January 30, 2017 31January 31, 2017 1February 1, 2017 2February 2, 2017 Chair Yoga February 2, 2017 11:00 am – 12:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Utilizing a chair for modifications to make yoga accessible to people who lack the mobility to move easily from standing to seated to supine positions. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Chair Yoga » Yoga for Men February 2, 2017 5:30 pm – 7:00 pm Loudoun Valley Yoga 205 Hirst Road, Suite 305 Purcellville, VA Map Loudoun Valley Yoga Tailored to make yoga more accessible to the unique needs of men. (Pre-Registration Required) www.LoudounValleyYoga.com iCal Event Details about Yoga for Men » 3February 3, 2017 4February 4, 2017 CHINESE NEW YEAR EVENT February 4, 2017 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center (All ages) Celebrate the Year of the Rooster, wear the lucky colors gold, brown and yellow, enjoy arts and crafts, solve Lantern Tiger Riddles and enjoy refreshments and entertainment. This program is also a reception to celebrate the opening of our yearly Youth Art Show. 263717-01            $10.00 per person 263717-02            $35.00 – family of four or more CHINESE NEW YEAR EVENT iCal Event Details about CHINESE NEW YEAR EVENT » GALLERY COFFEEHOUSE: Readers Theater February 4, 2017 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm Franklin Park Arts Center 36441 Blueridge View Lane Purcellville, VA 20132 Map Franklin Park Arts Center (Ages 16 & up) Performance group BITWC ” Imagine That!” presents  “Moonlight and  Magnolias”- 1939 Hollywood is abuzz. Legendary producer David O. Selznick has shut down production of his new epic, Gone with the Wind. It’s just not working. So he sends for screenwriter Ben Hecht and pulls director Victor Fleming.  He locks the doors, closes the shades, and on a diet of bananas and peanuts, the three men labor over five days to fashion a screenplay that will become the blueprint for one of the most successful and beloved films of all time.   Pay at The Door                $8.00/person GALLERY COFFEEHOUSE: Readers Theater iCal Event Details about GALLERY COFFEEHOUSE: Readers Theater » Notaviva Vineyards - Bluegrass Jam - FREE event February 4, 2017 3:00 pm – 6:00 pm Notaviva Vineyards 13274 Sagle Rd Purcellville, 20132 540-668-6756 Map Notaviva Vineyards Notaviva Vineyards presents their monthly Bluegrass Jam a FREE event held the first Saturday of every month! An event for all ages featuring Ashby Run. Open to players of every skill level 3pm-6pm Saturday 7/5 Wine available by the glass and by the bottle, lite snacks available. Must be 21 to drink alcohol. Notaviva Vineyards - Bluegrass Jam - FREE event iCal Event Details about Notaviva Vineyards - Bluegrass Jam - FREE event » 5February 5, 2017 Current Print Issue: Sign up for our email newsletter: Recent Comments Don on Help Joseph … and His Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: I own LearningRx in Leesburg--love this show and would like to help out with program ad or something. Give me... Blue Ridge Leader on Kaine Rides Silver Line To Assess Progress on Dulles Extension: Thank you for catching the error! Bob Ohneiser Esq. on Kaine Rides Silver Line To Assess Progress on Dulles Extension: Mr. Kaine, Your comment "a necessary project to keep up with the growth of Northern Virginia, and especially to serve... Jennifer on Kaine Rides Silver Line To Assess Progress on Dulles Extension: Governor Tim Kaine. Were it only so easy to go back in time. Sigh. Anthony DeBarros on Kaine Rides Silver Line To Assess Progress on Dulles Extension: Tim Kaine is currently Senator from Virginia, not governor as your story lead says! Steady and NoBull Lifestyle Help Joseph … and His Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat 4 Jan 2017 Blue Ridge Middle School’s PTO is seeking help with its drama department, working diligently on the production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamboat. The children in the show are enthusiastic and very talented. And, the school has a long history of first class productions with recent shows such as The Lion King, which won 11 National Youth Arts Awards … (1 comment) Remembering George Kakouras 4 Jan 2017 Georgios “George” Evangelos Kakouras, of Purcellville passed away on December 22, 2016. Born on February 22, 1938 in Gorianades, Greece he was the son of the late Evangelos and Elizabeth Kakouras. Kakouras came to the United States from Greece in 1955 at the age of 17. He began working for his late uncle Nick Fragakis at the White Palace Restaurant … (Be the first to comment) Remembering Carrol Baker Crim 4 Jan 2017 Carroll Baker Crim, Sr. of Purcellville, died in his home December 25, 2016. Crim was born on September 25, 1920, the son of the late William M. and Mary E. Crim. He served in the U.S. Army and worked for Giant Food before retiring. He also served as deacon at St. Paul’s Church. (Be the first to comment) Editorial Grief and Greed By Matthew Parse What would drive a single individual to cause so much emotional stress and financial burden on hundreds, if not, thousands of families? What would drive the Town … Op-ed Opinion: Terrorism, Debt, and China: Oh My! – By Nick Reid world can be a very dangerous place sometimes, especially for a nation state such as the United States. Although danger is always present, the number and … Metro Money Mess Pushing West – By Delegate Dave LaRock (R-33rd) A local paper recently quoted Loudoun Board Chair Phyllis Randall as saying that in her observation “some of the concerns raised by the people … Dear Editor Vote No To the Minor Special Exception We are a group of Loudoun County citizens who will be adversely affected if the board grants a special exception for the Catesby Farm property at your upcoming meeting. You … It’s Our Right On December 6, the Board of Supervisors is scheduled to vote on a “Minor Special Exception” proposal we submitted earlier this year concerning our Catesby Farm property. Unfortunately, our limited … View From the Ridge Broken Promises, Hidden by a Six-Foot Berm By Andrea Gaines On August 9, 1825 at the age of 69, French military officer the Marquis de Lafayette was honored in Leesburg by former President James Monroe. The French-born … Around Virginia Rep. Comstock’s Key Top Priority Legislation Initiatives Signed into Law in Her First Term Rep. Barbara Comstock, who serves the 10th congressional district in Virginia, recently reviewed the achievements of her first term in office, identifying 17 legislative initiatives that she supported that were adopted. She said: “My staff and I have met with stakeholders, local elected … (Be the first to comment) Man Killed Walking To Gas Station on I-95 Virginia State Police Trooper M.J. Kryznefski is investigating a fatal pedestrian crash in Prince William County. The crash occurred at approximately 4:10 a.m., on Monday, December 26, on Interstate 95 near Exit 158B. Three males were traveling south on Interstate 95 when their Honda CRV ran out of gas. They … (Be the first to comment) Warner Introduces Bill To Help Wells Fargo Victims Get Their Day in Court U.S. Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-VA), a member of the Senate Banking Committee, introduced legislation to give Wells Fargo customers who were victims of a fraudulent account scheme their day in court. The bank was involved in a scandal this year after it was revealed that Wells Fargo employees secretly … (Be the first to comment) Sports Deadline Extended for Purcellville Sports Funding Application 4 Jan 2017 The Town of Purcellville has extended the deadline to apply for the Annual Sports League Funding. The new deadline is January 9 at 5:00 p.m. Applicant organizations must serve the Town of Purcellville area, have citizens of the Town of Purcellville as players, and provide a letter to the Town … (Be the first to comment) WHS Varsity Gymnastics Takes First Place in Season Opener 4 Jan 2017 The Woodgrove High School Varsity Gymnastics squad outscored teams from Loudoun Valley, Riverside, Park View and Forest Park high schools to take first place at its season opener at LVHS on Wednesday, December 7. Woodgrove sophomore River Stone also won first place in the individual all-around. (Be the first to comment) Archives +2017 January +2016 December November October September August July June May April March February January +2015 December November October September August July June May April March February January +2014 December November October September August July June May April March February January +2013 December November October September August July June May April March February January +2012 December November October September August July June May April March February January +2011 December November October September August July June May April March January +2010 December November October September August July June May April March February January +2009 December November October September August April March Copyright 2017 Blue Ridge Leader & Loudoun Today - All Rights Reserved Website by pariahdog design | "Massive News" theme by: Press75.com | Powered by: WordPress Subscribe (RSS)
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Recap: Everything You Need to Know About iOS 10 and iPhone 7 Friday September 16, 2016 7:05 pm PDT by Juli Clover It was a busy week here at MacRumors, with the release of iOS 10, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10, along with the official launch of the iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and Apple Watch Series 2. We did a lot of coverage of the new software updates and the new devices, so we thought we'd do a quick recap for those of our readers looking for something to read over the weekend. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. Below, you'll find all of our iOS 10, watchOS 3, and tvOS 10 coverage, including how tos, hidden tidbits, launch features, and more. We've also rounded up all of our iPhone 7 and Apple Watch coverage, which includes teardowns with previously unknown information, launch day info, order delays, and more. iOS 10, tvOS 10, and watchOS 3 Release - Apple Releases iOS 10 with Redesigned Lockscreen, New Messages Features - iOS 10 Tidbits: Hide Stock Apps, Use Two Safari Windows on iPad, Access Voicemail Transcription and More - Apple Releases watchOS 3 With App Dock, Instant Launching, New Watch Faces, and Breathe - Apple Releases tvOS 10 With New Siri Features, Improved Search, Dark Mode and More - Apple Releases Swift Playgrounds Coding App for iPad - Apple Releases iTunes 12.5.1 wth Revamped Apple Music Design - Apple's iWork for iOS Apps Updated With Real-Time Collaboration - Must-have Sticker Packs for Messages in iOS 10 - iOS 10 Messages Apps and Games Worth Checking Out - iOS 10 Now Installed on 14.5% of Devices, Early Adoption Rates Outpacing iOS 9 Adoption - Apple Pay on the Web Starts Rolling Out Following iOS 10 Release iOS 10 How Tos - How to use iOS 10's Redesigned Lock Screen - How to use Sticker Packs in Messages in iOS 10 - How to Use Image Markup in Photos and Messages in iOS 10 - How to Use Messages' Tapback, Screen Effects and Bubble Effects in iOS 10 - How to use Emoji Replacement and Prediction in Messages in iOS 10 - Hate Clicking the Home Button to Unlock in iOS 10? Try This - How to Use Native 3D Touch Actions in iOS 10 - How to Use the New Control Center in iOS 10 - How to Use Digital Touch in Messages in iOS 10 - How to Edit Memories in Photos in iOS 10 - How to Use Apple Music Lyrics in iOS 10 - How to Send Handwritten Notes in Messages in iOS 10 - How to Customize Favorite Contacts in iOS 10 iPhone 7 and 7 Plus - All iPhone 7 Plus and Jet Black iPhone 7 Models Sold Out for Launch Day - Best Buy Delays Some iPhone 7 Plus Orders, Offers $100 Promo Code as Compensation - First iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Pre-Order Customers in New Zealand Begin Receiving Shipments - Apple's First Walk-In Customers Leave With iPhone 7 and Free $100 Gift Cards Instead of iPhone 7 Plus - iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 Launch Around the World - Launch Day Reaction Mixed as iPhone 7 Shipping Estimates Improve but Some Reservations Turned Away - iPhone 7 Reviews: 'Terrific Phones' That Offer a 'Foundation' for the Future, But Not an Essential Upgrade - iPhone 7 Plus Teardown Confirms Longer-Lasting 2,900 mAh Battery - iPhone 7 Teardown Reveals 'Incredibly Thin' A10 Chip With 2GB RAM, Intel Modem - iPhone 7 Plus Camera 'Ideal for Shooting Outdoor Adventures' - iPhone 7 Series is Faster Than Any MacBook Air Ever Made - iPhone 7-Optimized Game 'Oz: Broken Kingdom' Launches in App Store - Apple's iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case Offers 26% More Charge Than iPhone 6s Version - iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB, and Black Models Prove Most Popular With Pre-Order Customers - iPhone 7 Undergoes Extreme Durability Test in New Video - iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Survive Hot Coffee, Soda, and the Ocean in New Videos - How to Reset an iPhone 7 or Enter DFU Mode for Last-Ditch Recovery Apple Watch Series 2 - Apple Watch Series 2 Reviews: 'The First Real Apple Watch' Thanks to Fitness and Processor Upgrades - Best Buy Delays Apple Watch Series 2 Shipments, Offers $50 Promo Code as Compensation - Target Says Apple Watch Series 2 Orders Will be Delayed, Offers $50 Gift Card to Affected Customers - Apple Watch Series 2 Teardown Shows Larger Battery and Swimproof Design - Best Buy Delaying Some Apple Watch Series 1 Pre-Orders to Mid-October For more information on the new software and new devices Apple released this week, make sure to check out our roundups: iOS 10, tvOS 10, watchOS 3, iPhone 7, and Apple Watch. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3, iPhone 7, iOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Caution) [ 90 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Enabledobject 16 weeks ago Have we covered the fact that it doesn't have a headphone jack yet? Because I hate that. Ad nauseam You'll get over it. Rating: 13 Votes Theyayarealivin 16 weeks ago Thank you! Macrumors! Keep it up and good job! Hands down! Rating: 12 Votes DCJ001 16 weeks ago Have we covered the fact that it doesn't have a headphone jack yet? Because I hate that. Of course the iPhone 7/7 Plus has a headphone jack. Actually, it has two different kinds. One is called a Lightning port. The other is a 3.5mm headphone jack at the end of a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter, which is included in the box with every purchase. Rating: 8 Votes Enabledobject 16 weeks ago The iPhone 7s top features: It sets Apple tech back 10 years, looks the same as the last 5 phones, and still can't do as much as a Samsung. Lol, what? Rating: 7 Votes Will.O.Bie 16 weeks ago Unbelievable job covering everything! Keep up the great work! I really appreciate it! :D Rating: 7 Votes SteveWasTheBest 16 weeks ago Of course the iPhone 7/7 Plus has a headphone jack. Actually, it has two different kinds. One is called a Lightning port. The other is a 3.5mm headphone jack at the end of a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter, which is included in the box with every purchase. ...yes, and you can charge it while travelling with external battery ...ooh wait, you need another adapter ( which is not free ). And then you go to your Mac..oooh wait, you need your old headphones, because Mac doesn't have Lightning port. That's very comfortable :-))) [doublepost=1474083508][/doublepost] ...yes, and you can charge it while travelling with external battery ...ooh wait, you need another adapter ( which is not free ). And then you go to your Mac..oooh wait, you need your old headphones, because Mac doesn't have Lightning port. That's very comfortable :))) Rating: 6 Votes taptic 16 weeks ago Have we covered the fact that it doesn't have a headphone jack yet? Because I hate that. Rating: 5 Votes StarkerMann 16 weeks ago Have we covered the fact that it doesn't have a headphone jack yet? Some people just won't let it go... Rating: 5 Votes Basic75 16 weeks ago The iPhone 7s top features: It sets Apple tech back 10 years, looks the same as the last 5 phones, and still can't do as much as a Samsung. This is a forum for the discussion of Apple products. Why don't you troll off to a Samsung forum if you like them better? Or is that on fire, too? Rating: 5 Votes CarlJ 16 weeks ago Have we covered the fact that it doesn't have a headphone jack yet? Because I hate that. Is it possible for us to have one article on this site that doesn't get overrun with incessant whining about headphone jacks or the lack of Mac updates? You can't possibly NOT know that the headphone jack issue has been discussed extensively on this site. All worthwhile discussion on the topic has long since been exhausted. Please let it go. Any further discussion on this is simply an indication that you want to annoy others by rehashing the topic. [doublepost=1474138582][/doublepost] Wow Apple Watch OS3 sucks so bad. I hate it. The got rid of glances! I used that to quickly next music while at work. Are you kidding? watchOS 3 is a revelation - it makes the original Apple Watch so much better! Glances were essentially barely functional screenshots of apps. They've been replaced by the Dock, activated using the lower side button, which gives you immediate access to actual in-memory, running apps, and the rightmost entry in the Dock is "Now Playing", giving you access to those controls you wanted. If you want even quicker access, you can set a complication to "Music", and get to the controls with one tap - as a bonus, if you use one of the long complications, it'll show the track currently playing. And they've made it easier to quickly change between watch faces, by swiping across the screen, making it more reasonable to keep multiple watch faces around configured for specific situations, so you can have one for the office, with a music complication set up. Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Apple Celebrates Chinese New Year With Exclusive Wallpapers Created on iPad, iMac, and MacBook Pro 9 hours ago on iOS Blog In celebration of the 2017 Chinese New Year, designated Year of the Rooster, Apple has launched a new section on its website in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Singapore highlighting five young Chinese... 19 comments 'Finder for AirPods' App Can Help You Track Down a Missing AirPod 10 hours ago on iOS Blog The lightweight nature and small size of Apple's AirPods have caused concerns for current and future owners of the Bluetooth headphones, centering around how easy it could be to lose them. iOS... 58 comments Apple Will Open its First Retail Store in South Korea This Year 14 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will open its first retail store in South Korea this year, according to a report on Friday (via Reuters). The country's Yonhap News Agency said that construction was underway for a... 10 comments Instagram Adds Support for Wide Color and Live Photos 23 hours ago on iOS Blog At Apple's September 2016 special event, Instagram announced several new features for its app to take advantage of various iPhone capabilities. Today, co-founder Mike Krieger announced that two... 16 comments Verizon Eliminates Two-Year Contracts for Smartphone Upgrades 1 day ago on iOS Blog Starting today, Verizon will no longer be allowing customers who are upgrading their smartphones to purchase a two-year contract, effectively eliminating two-year contracts for all new and existing... 129 comments CES 2017: Henge Docks Debuts New Horizontal and Vertical Docking Stations for 2016 MacBook Pro 1 day ago on Mac Blog Henge, known for its range of docks for Apple's line of notebooks and iOS devices, today introduced new docking stations designed for the 2016 MacBook Pro. There are a total of three new docks:... 20 comments CES 2017: Razer Debuts 'Project Valerie' Triple Display Laptop 1 day ago on Mac Blog Razer, known for its gaming laptops and accessories, today unveiled its latest product, the world's first triple display laptop. Project Valerie features a Razer laptop that's equipped with... 103 comments Elago's W3 Charging Stand Turns Your Apple Watch Into the Original Macintosh 1 day ago on Mac Blog Elago's W3 Stand for Apple Watch can turn Apple's modern wearable device into a classic Macintosh, all while charging and protecting the Apple Watch. The Nightstand Mode-only accessory has a... 31 comments • CES 2017: Leviton Debuts New HomeKit-Enabled Light Switches and Dimmers (20) • CES 2017: Honeywell Debuts Two Home Security Cameras, Adding HomeKit to Lyric Security System (15) • CES 2017: OtterBox uniVERSE Modular Case System Coming to iPad Air 2 and 9.7-Inch iPad Pro (5) • CES 2017: Apple Pay Integration With 'MORE.' Loyalty Program Coming to 300,000 U.S. Vending Machines (4) • CES 2017: Promise Technology Unveils New 2TB Apollo Cloud With Lower $199 Price Tag (16) • CES 2017: Clarion, JVC, and Kenwood Debut New Aftermarket CarPlay Systems (23) • CES 2017: Incipio's 'Kiddy Lock' Case for iPhone 7 Keeps Kids From Accessing Home Button (32)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Apple fans hit the NYC flagship store for iPhone 7 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Fri Sep 16, 2016 | 9:26pm EDT Apple fans hit the NYC flagship store for iPhone 7 The first Apple customers in New York City to snap the new iPhone 7 off the shelves cheered as they entered its flagship store on Friday (September 16), flanked by applauding sales staff. "Today is my 23 days outside Apple store here in New York City," said Jaime Gonzalez in line before the store opened. "Last year I did it but then because I didn't pre-order, that's the reason that I didn't went first. There was another lady from Europe who decided to take care of the No. 1 spot. But this is me and now in 2016 it's right to be No. 1 and I am going to be No. 1 this time." "I've been here for a week and a half," said Andreas Francis. "I was trying to get the 7 Plus and the new jet black, but they don't have the 7 Plus or the jet black, so I ended up getting the regular black, then the 7." Initial quantities of the iPhone 7 Plus have sold out globally, supplies of the larger size of Apple's new phone have been exhausted in all shades, and the smaller iPhone 7 has also sold out in the new jet black color, the company said. Customers who enter Apple Stores Friday, when the gadgets hit shelves, will not be able to purchase the sold-out phones on site, but they can continue to place orders for their desired models online, Apple said. The gadgets feature improved cameras and eliminate the traditional headphone jack in favor of new technology. "It's actually the one thing I didn't like actually, because I used to listen to music all day long," said Rinat from Kazakhstan, on the elimination of the traditional headphone jack. "So when they decided to remove it I actually got really sad but I think I got used to it." "It doesn't bother me," said Sulton Zohiriy. "Usually I don't listen to a lot of music. The headphone is like the same but different, different jacks, that's all." The crowds of enthusiasts and overnight campers were smaller than in past years. In part, online pre-ordering has made lines unnecessary for all but diehard fans. "I actually pre-ordered it, so I was only in line for like, 20 minutes, it was super easy," said Paige Hogan, who pre-ordered the 7 Plus. The 5.5-inch iPhone model, known as the Plus, has sold out soon after launch since Apple introduced the size with the iPhone 6 in 2014. Phones in newly released finishes are also typically snapped up quickly by customers eager to showcase the latest iPhone design. The new iPhone 7 smartphone is displayed inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 16, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson - Next In Technology News Battered bitcoin slides another 12 percent after China warning LONDON Bitcoin plunged by as much as 12 percent on Friday after China's central bank urged investors to take a rational and cautious approach to investing in the digital currency, which is on track for its heaviest two-day drop in two years. Google pushes virtual reality harder with new phones from partners Alphabet Inc's Google quickened the pace of its push into virtual and augmented reality this week as its hardware partners announced new devices featuring the company’s technology at the CES electronics show in Las Vegas. Toshiba to meet banks Tuesday, loan waiver expected: sources TOKYO Toshiba Corp plans to meet with creditor banks on Tuesday to explain how it is addressing a massive charge that the Japanese company says it must take on its U.S. nuclear business, three bankers briefed on the meeting said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures of the Week Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
