By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home entertainment search entertainment search entertainment web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Home Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood Quizzes Video Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel More Entertainment Celebrity Movies TV Soaps Games Music Bollywood AdChoices Taylor Swift ‘happily’ partners with Apple Cover Media 25/06/2015 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Brooklyn Beckham faces backlash over ‘disrespectful’ Native American tattoo The Rock recreates hilarious throwback snap from 1990s © REX Features Taylor Swift is “happily” allowing Apple Music to stream her album '1989'. Taylor Swift is “happily” allowing Apple Music to stream her album 1989. The 25-year-old singer penned an open letter on her Tumblr account to the music giant last week in which she slammed its decision not to pay musicians for songs streamed during the free three-month trial period the service offers to customers. After reading her note Apple Music changed their policy and in light of the company deciding to pay artists during the trial period, Taylor has allowed her LP 1989 to stream with them. “After the events of this week, I've decided to put 1989 on Apple Music...and happily so,” she wrote on Twitter Thursday. “In case you're wondering if this is some exclusive deal like you've seen Apple do with other artists, it's not. “This is simply the first time it's felt right in my gut to stream my album. Thank you, Apple, for your change of heart.” In her Tumblr letter, Taylor explained she was fighting more for up-and-coming artists than herself. Within 24 hours of the blog entry going viral, Apple’s senior vice president of internet services and software Eddy Cue announced a change in policy. "When I woke up and read Taylor's note, it solidified quickly that we needed a change," Eddy told Rolling Stone. "Music is a big part of our DNA and we always strive to make sure artists are paid for their work." Taylor was thrilled by the confirmation and immediately took to her own page on the social media site to express her joy. "I am elated and relieved. Thank you for your words of support today. They listened to us," she wrote last weekend. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Entertainment Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide MSN Entertainment Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Ban on sale of cattle at markets for slaughter: Citing federalism, West Bengal, Kerala object to Centre’s order The New Hardline in The Valley Part 2: North Kashmir is home to foreign militants, witness to deadly strikes Punjab to probe mine auction, son of minister’s friend says he put in money Drop names of my officers from FIR: NHAI chief to Uttarakhand Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Apple iPhone 8’s display ratio to change, camera to support AR apps: Report Apple iPhone 8’s display ratio to change, camera to support AR apps: Report Apple's iPhone 8 will see a change in the shape, and support for augmented reality (AR) applications, according to the latest report coming out of China based supply sources. Apple will also change the shape of the iPhone 8's display, claim the reports By: Tech Desk | Published:May 30, 2017 11:10 am Apple will also change the shape of the iPhone 8’s display, claim the reports. (Representational image of iPhone 7 Plus. Source: AP) Apple’s iPhone 8 will see a change in the shape, and support for augmented reality (AR) applications, according to reports based out of supply chain sources from the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TMSC). The DigiTimes is reporting this based on China’s Economic Daily News, which has quoted sources from TMSC which is one of Apple’s supply chain companies. According to the report in Economic Daily News, Apple is changing the display aspect ratio to 18.5:9 from the earlier 16:9 as it adds a display with slimmer bezels on the sides, top and bottom. Also the report claims the fingerprint scanner will be an optical one, which is embedded within the display, and the home button will be removed from the iPhone. This is in contrast to earlier reports which have claimed Apple still trying to figure out how embed the TouchID inside the display. Finally, the report also adds that Apple iPhone 8 will add “invisible infrared image sensors” and the camera will be able to support Augmented Reality (AR) applications. Now in the past we’ve heard Apple CEO Tim Cook talk about how Augmented Reality is the next thing and the future, and that Cupertino really believes in this technology. Reports have also indicated that Apple has its own secret unit working on Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality. A report on Bloomberg had said Apple is working on on AR glasses, which could connect wirelessly to the iPhone and beam content to the user. Although we’ll have to wait and see if AR makes an appearance on the iPhone 8. Apple typically takes time to launch a new technology on its iPhones, spending years in research and development. Also read: Apple iPhone 8 could start at $870 predicts, UBS analyst in note The display ratio change shouldn’t come as a surprise. There have been several reports indicating Apple iPhone 8 will have a special 5.8-inch OLED display with reduced bezels on the side. This also means Apple can fit a bigger display in a smaller body size, and the iPhone 8 might actually be smaller in overall size compared to the iPhone 7s. Reports also indicate Apple is working on its own Neural engine for AI computing on smartphones, as well as its own GPU, but these won’t likely be part of iPhone 8. Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 8 along with the iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus in September. For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple iPhone 8 No Comments. Most Read GSEB SSC 10th results 2017 declared at gseb.org, know how to check results ICSE 10th result 2017 declared on cisce.org: Pass percentage is 98.52 GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks WATCH: Baby starts walking immediately after being born; video has over 1 million shares already Best of Express Babri Masjid demolition case: BJP's LK Advani, MM Joshi leave for Lucknow to appear before special CBI court today Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Southwest Monsoon reaches Kerala, North East OpinionNotion that India has peaked in manufacturing & IT, employment is at best premature, at worst, dishonest OpinionTriple talaq debate shows how Muslim women are challenging patriarchy Buzzing Now EntertainmentHindi Medium vs Half Girlfriend box office collection day 11: Irrfan Khan film is sleeper hit of the year, earns Rs 39.55 cr EntertainmentSara Ali Khan works out with Kareena Kapoor's bestie Malaika Arora. See videos and photos of her hard work EntertainmentKatrina Kaif is insanely fit and insanely happy. See this video, photo to believe Trending'Resting Pope Face': Pope Francis' gloomy pose with Trudeau after Trump has Twitterati in splits TrendingVirender Sehwag asks 'What do you connect most with?'; gets fascinating replies on Twitter Top News WBCHSE HS Results 2017 declared: Archisman Panigrihi tops this year, 84.20% students clear IAS officer drowns in swimming pool in Delhi’s Ber Sarai Poser to arbitrator: How can you also be chief of anti-corruption watchdog? Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora SportsWherever they fly, the Indian flag follows SportsYFI recommends Dera chief for Dronacharya Award LifestyleGoodbye, dream home: The struggles of a homebuyer in Delhi-NCR LifestyleShades of Black TechnologyXiaomi Redmi 4 sale today: Comparison against Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5, and more TechnologyOnePlus 5 official camera samples revealed on Twitter; launch imminent May 30: Latest News Sharjeel Khan did not play the two dot balls on purpose: Mohammad Yousuf on PSL spot fixing case Jr NTR to host Bigg Boss in Telugu, replaces Chiranjeevi as the highest paid star on TV Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Naxals set ablaze bus in Chhattisgarh’s Narayanpur                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, May 30, 2017 As of 4:40 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Massive display, dual rear cameras, display-embedded fingerprint scanner, reveals new leak By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on May 30 2017 3:13 PM 0 0 0 0 A sales assistant uses her mobile phone next to the company logos of Apple and Samsung at a store in Hefei, Anhui province September 10, 2014. Reuters/Jianan Yu If latest reports are to be believed, the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 could be the largest flagship handset from the South Korean tech giant, with only 2013’s Galaxy Mega matching its size. A new leak has reportedly uncovered the first video of the smartphone’s front panel. The display shown is a massive 6.3 inches. It is 0.6 inches larger than the Note 7. However, the panel shown in the leaked video is quite similar to Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus. The leak also shows an 18.5:9 aspect ratio, something that LG G6 has already adopted and Apple may replicate the same for its iPhone 8. As already stated in a previous article, the Note 8 will address two shortcomings in the S8 and S8 Plus smartphones. Firstly, the fingerprint scanner won’t be beside the rear camera but will be embedded into the display. Secondly, the Note 8 will come with dual-cameras as various reports have mentioned. The dual-camera feature was dropped at the last moment from the S8 and S8 Plus handsets. It must however be mentioned that leaks must be taken with a pinch of salt. Samsunbg is definitely setting a design standard that both Apple iPhone 8 and Google Pixel 2 smartphones will be happy to match, writes Forbes. The latest video leak was reported by SamMobile. Last week a YouTuber shared a video showing a 3D-printed model of the upcoming smartphone. The recent leak has allegedly shown the front glass panel. The phone will reportedly have the bezel-free Infinity Display. It may also have a 6.3-inch QHD Display and 12MP+13MP dual-camera setup on the rear of the smartphone. The fingerprint scanner, as already mentioned, could be integrated into the display. It was previously mentioned that the smartphone could have a body display ratio that will be more than 83 percent of both Galaxy S8 smartphones. It is also rumoured that the US version will have a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor and outside US, it will have the Exynos 8895 chipset. Meanwhile, fans are eagerly waiting for a fix to the frustrating Galaxy S8 Bluetooth problem. The fix is reportedly on the way. As per numerous complaints on various forums, users are having a tough time in maintaining a smooth Bluetooth connection to their headphones, head units and speakers. An update that fixes this problem has reportedly been rolled out in United Arab Emirates and may soon hit other countries. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on Samsung Galaxy Note 8 and other handsets. Note8? pic.twitter.com/aZPsIevLbF &mdash; 萌萌的 电 教 (@mmddj_china) May 25, 2017 Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Galaxy S8 Iris Scanner vulnerability revealed Samsung Galaxy Wide 2 (J7 2017) specs, price and release details Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Aussies paying $31 billion in superannuation per year 0 Shares 2 'Designated Survivor' season 2 cast update: Kiefer Sutherland snapped in totally un-Kirkman-like behaviour at a bar; pursues music career during season break 0 Shares 3 'General Hospital' spoilers for May 24: Sonny confides in Dante; Valentin rebuffs Anna; Charlotte gets in harm’s way 0 Shares 4 Great Barrier Reef coral bleaching still threatening 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New picture of Sam Heughan on ship 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ stars Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe share new pictures 0 Shares 8 Rafael Nadal odds-on favourite to win 2017 French Open 0 Shares 9 Florianna Lima will make as-needed appearances next season on 'Supergirl' 0 Shares 10 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over Aussie CeBIT starts; highlights cyber security, big data, FinTech, digital health and more Aussies can save $3,184 per year by borrowing money online: Mozo Xinja emerges as potential startup bank after federal budget reforms Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic advance to second round Golden State Warriors set to extend Jerry West's contract Australian players could boycott 2017 Rugby League World Cup Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 2017 NBA Finals: Steve Kerr not ready to coach Warriors Tiger Woods refused breathalyser test before DUI arrest More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Pippa Middleton weds: All the pictures from the ‘wedding of the year’ Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Lucifer’ season 2 episode 18 preview: Missing family members ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 trailer breakdown ‘Outlander’ season 3: Reunion will result in ‘intense’ love scene 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 6 'Customer Service' spoilers 'Arrow' star John Barrowman confirms that he won't be back as Malcolm Merlyn ‘Poldark’ season 3: First scene details More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone New iPhone 8 Schematics Leak Confirms In-display Touch ID and Vertical Dual Camera By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 30, 2017 12:20 PM Last week, an alleged iPhone 8 schematic found its way on the Internet. This leaked image shows what appears to be the back casing of the said phone. In the image, it can be seen that there is an extra hole directly below the Apple logo. Many believed that this hole will be used for the Touch ID sensor of the iPhone 8. The leak, at some point, squashed earlier rumours of in-display fingerprint sensor for Apple’s tenth anniversary iPhone. However, new information just came out contradicting the leaks from the previous week. Leak aggregator Slashleaks clearly shows the alleged drawings and 3D renderings of the iPhone 8. In the said drawings, one can see that there not an extra hole that may hold the Touch ID sensor at the back. Most of the comments thus far claim that the circular hole at the back will hold the Apple logo instead of the said sensor. Another thing worth mentioning about the images is the vertical arrangement of the camera sensors at the back. It seems like the extra hole between the camera sensors will hold the LED flash of the iPhone 8. Alleged iPhone 8 schematic drawing (via slashleaks.com) Finally, the images also show the outline of the front sensors at the top of the phone. These drawings further corroborate earlier reports of dual front cameras and some extra hole that might be used for depth sensing. It is quite difficult to verify the veracity of the said leaks. However, most people who have seen the images seem to think that they are quite legitimate. Nevertheless, these images should be taken with a grain of salt. The iPhone 8 is expected to be released later this year. Although there are numerous reports saying Apple is currently having issues with component assembly. On the other hand, a handful of market watchers and analysts still believe that Apple will be able to pull through with the iPhone 8 production. They are still quite optimistic that consumers will get a glimpse of the phone before the year ends. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Xbox Gold, PS Plus Free Games For June 2017 Announcement Gets Hot: All The Games We Might See New iPhone 8 Schematics Leak Confirms In-display Touch ID and Vertical Dual Camera May 30th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 schematics, News, touch id sensor Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you LG G7 Could be the First Android Phone to Have Snapdragon 845 SoC Intel Core i9 X Series Lineup Leaked; Features 18-core to Combat AMD’s Threadripper iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Display, Touch ID, Apple Neural Engine Product TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard NVidia GTX 1070 TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station VicTsing MM057 2.4G Wireless Portable Mobile Mouse Optical Mice with USB Receiver, 5 Adjustable DPI Levels, 6 Buttons for Notebook, PC, Laptop, Computer, Macbook – Black About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Little Nightmares Secrets Of The Maw Could Be A Lengthy Prequel Pokemon GO Legendaries And PvP Officially Confirmed For Summer 2017 Pokemon GO Anniversary: What To Expect From Niantic Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard iPhone 7 Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society Apple’s new mobile AI chip could create a new level of intelligence May 29, 2017 9.30am EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Neural networks driving machine learning. Shutterstock Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Previous post May 18, 2017 Few Australians trust social media with personal information but most do little about it Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Facts matter. Your tax-deductible donation helps deliver fact-based journalism. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation Fidget toys aren’t just hype What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? New public database reveals striking differences in how guns are regulated from state to state America’s worsening global reputation could put billions in US exports at risk Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? Why dads can’t be the dads they want to be How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? US civil service’s preference for hiring military vets comes at a hidden cost Can Bill Nye – or any other science show – really save the world? What veterans’ poems can teach us about healing on Memorial Day Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 50,800 academics and researchers from 2,045 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
International Business Times, India Edition Search Home Technology Smartphones This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like; how different is it from iPhone 7? A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked online, giving away the possible design of the flagship device. Raymond Ronamai   May 30, 2017 08:26 IST Apple iPhone 8 schematics seen on Benjamin Geskin's Twitter pageBenjamin Geskin A lot has been said about Apple's upcoming flagship iPhone 8 although it's still a few months away from launch. After a few details, including specifications and release date, surfaced, it has now emerged that the device will come with a significant makeover in terms of design. A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked by Benjamin Geskin on his Twitter page, and it is in sync with the chassis design released last month. In the pictures, Apple's upcoming flagship is seen with a vertical dual-camera, sans the physical home button, and bazel-less except the top edge, and with an elongated power button and orange line at the back. It is very different from its predecessor iPhone 7 as far as the design is concerned. Also read: Nokia 9 to give iPhone 8 a run for its money: What we know so far Nothing is confirmed at the moment but if the leaked schematics and the case of the device turn out to be true, it will look very different from its predecessors. Apple's iPhone 7 as seen on its official websiteApple The Cupertino giant is expected to release the iPhone 8 in September as the iPhone 7 will complete a year-long cycle by this time. It was earlier reported that the release of the device could be postponed to October and even November because of the company's plan to introduce new features. The iPhone 8 is expected to come in three variants — a 4.7-inch, a 5.5-inch and a 5.8-inch version. All the variants are expected to be powered by an A11 chipset, run on iOS 11 operating system and don an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) screen for the first time. The device is also reportedly coming with several new features like virtual home button, 3D depth-sensing front camera, wireless charger, and new fingerprint ID solution. The device is expected to come with a price tag of around $1,000.  Related Apple iPhone 8, 7s series release date details revealed Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' IPhone 8 hands-on video leaked: No home button, dual rear camera, bezel-less screen & more Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News WannaCry ransom message finds its roots in China 37 minutes ago By Vinod Yalburgi Lenovo Moto E4, E4 Plus price, launch date, specifications leaked 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular These iPhone, MacBook Air, Pro models no longer eligible for Apple repair support Check out the list of all MacBook, iPhone and other Apple products that will be turned obsolete on Friday. India's own GPS IRNSS NavIC made by ISRO to go live in early 2018 ISRO's Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS), also known as NavIC can be utilised for mobile integration, assist in disaster management and many other navigational services. BSNL satellite service for military, police launched; public to get in 2019 As of now, BSNL's satellite phone service is being offered to military, state police, railways and other government agencies and will launch the same facility for the public in a couple of years. Samsung Galaxy C10 renders, 360-degree video reveal dual-camera setup and other secrets If rumours turn out to be true, the Samsung Galaxy C10 will be the company's first smartphone to feature a dual-camera setup. Judy malware strikes more than 36.5 million Android phones Taking cognizance of the threat, Google has removed all the 'Judy' malware-infested apps from Play store. How will China's Cybersecurity Law affect businesses? China will enforce its Cybersecurity Law early next month and it could cause ripples in several countries, including the US. Nokia 9 vs OnePlus 5: Which upcoming flagship has the potential? Two of the most anticipated flagship smartphones take on each other with their mind-blowing specs. OnePlus 5 release date leaked: Key specs, India launch, price and everything else you need to know OnePlus 5 is coming as early as next month, and here's a look at everything we know so far. Photo Gallery Sanjjanaa Galrani talks about her role in Dandupalya 2 South Indian actress Sanjjanaa Galrani talks about her role in Dandupalya 2 movie. Actress Poorna in Avanthika movie South Indian actress Poorna in Avanthika movie. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Ban on sale of cattle at markets for slaughter: Citing federalism, West Bengal, Kerala object to Centre’s order The New Hardline in The Valley Part 2: North Kashmir is home to foreign militants, witness to deadly strikes Punjab to probe mine auction, son of minister’s friend says he put in money Drop names of my officers from FIR: NHAI chief to Uttarakhand Home Technology Apple WWDC 2017: When, where and how to watch the livestream Apple WWDC 2017: When, where and how to watch the livestream Apple WWDC 2017: The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin on Monday, June 5 and ends on Friday, June 9. There will be updates on iOS, MacOS, webOS, tvOS and watchOS. There might even be some new devices. Updated: May 30, 2017 8:15 am Apple WWDC 2017 starts in San Jose on June 5 Apple’s annual developer conference WWDC is moving to San Jose this time. Set to start with a keynote by Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook at 10 am Pacific Time on Monday, June 5, the World Wide Developer Conference will witness a slew of announcements, mostly around the software side of the tech giant’s business. There will be updates on iOS, MacOS, webOS, tvOS and watchOS. There is some speculation that Apple might go ahead and make some hardware announcements too, but then we can never be sure when Apple and rumour are written in the same line. When is WWDC 2017? The 2017 Apple Worldwide Developers Conference will begin on Monday, June 5 and ends on Friday, June 9. The WWDC keynote is at 10 am Pacific Time, which will be around 10.30 pm IST in India on June 5. Where is WWDC 2017? This time WWDC is moving back to San Jose. For many years it was held at the Moscone Centre in San Francisco. This time it will be at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. How to watch the WWDC live stream? You can watch the Apple live stream on an iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later. These devices will use Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. You can also us a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. Also, Apple TVs (2nd or 3rd generation) with software 6.2 or later or an Apple TV (4th generation) will also be able to stream the event. In case you don’t have access to the above, there is always the possibility that someone will stream the event on YouTube. For more updates stay tuned to our site.   For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 No Comments. Most Read GSEB SSC 10th results 2017 declared at gseb.org, know how to check results ICSE 10th result 2017 declared on cisce.org: Pass percentage is 98.52 GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks WATCH: Baby starts walking immediately after being born; video has over 1 million shares already Best of Express Babri Masjid demolition case: BJP's LK Advani, MM Joshi leave for Lucknow to appear before special CBI court today Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Southwest Monsoon reaches Kerala, North East OpinionNotion that India has peaked in manufacturing & IT, employment is at best premature, at worst, dishonest OpinionTriple talaq debate shows how Muslim women are challenging patriarchy Buzzing Now EntertainmentHindi Medium vs Half Girlfriend box office collection day 11: Irrfan Khan film is sleeper hit of the year, earns Rs 39.55 cr EntertainmentSara Ali Khan works out with Kareena Kapoor's bestie Malaika Arora. See videos and photos of her hard work EntertainmentKatrina Kaif is insanely fit and insanely happy. See this video, photo to believe Trending'Resting Pope Face': Pope Francis' gloomy pose with Trudeau after Trump has Twitterati in splits TrendingVirender Sehwag asks 'What do you connect most with?'; gets fascinating replies on Twitter Top News WBCHSE HS Results 2017 declared: Archisman Panigrihi tops this year, 84.20% students clear IAS officer drowns in swimming pool in Delhi’s Ber Sarai Poser to arbitrator: How can you also be chief of anti-corruption watchdog? Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora SportsWherever they fly, the Indian flag follows SportsYFI recommends Dera chief for Dronacharya Award LifestyleGoodbye, dream home: The struggles of a homebuyer in Delhi-NCR LifestyleShades of Black TechnologyXiaomi Redmi 4 sale today: Comparison against Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5, and more TechnologyOnePlus 5 official camera samples revealed on Twitter; launch imminent May 30: Latest News Sharjeel Khan did not play the two dot balls on purpose: Mohammad Yousuf on PSL spot fixing case Jr NTR to host Bigg Boss in Telugu, replaces Chiranjeevi as the highest paid star on TV Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Naxals set ablaze bus in Chhattisgarh’s Narayanpur                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Economy Now Apple iPhone plans in India to export refurbished smartphones generate environmental backlash Now Apple iPhone plans in India to export refurbished smartphones generate environmental backlash The government has toughened its stance against Apple’s proposal to use its facility in India to export “certified pre-owned iPhones” — one of the pre-conditions the company had set to establish a larger manufacturing base in the country. By: The Financial Express | Published: May 30, 2017 7:59 AM Some fear allowing Apple to bring in such iPhones could pose environmental risks. Rishi Ranjan Kala and Banikinkar Pattanayak The government has toughened its stance against Apple’s proposal to use its facility in India to export “certified pre-owned iPhones” — one of the pre-conditions the company had set to establish a larger manufacturing base in the country. Official sources told FE that a section of the government fears allowing Apple to bring in such second-hand iPhones from all over the world to service or upgrade here for subsequent exports could pose environmental risks. “Apple wants to refurbish iPhones in India and export them. But there are serious questions regarding the issue of e-waste. The environment ministry has reservations about the issue, so has MeitY (ministry of electronics and information technology). Until a concrete strategy is firmed up on how to deal with e-waste effectively, it’s very difficult to approve such a proposal,” said one of the sources. What also seems to have gone against Apple is the fact that while it was quick to hand over a list of pre-conditions—from tax concessions to permission to export refurbished phones—to set up a large manufacturing unit in India, it didn’t share with the central government any details on the quantum of investment it is planning to make or specific employment opportunities it will create here. Sources had earlier told FE that the iPhone maker would set up only a “pilot project” near Bengaluru (to produce around 3-5 lakh phones), and the likelihood of a larger manufacturing unit in India hinged on the kind of concessions the central government would offer to the tech giant. Apple had sought the government’s permission to export “certified pre-owned iPhones”, without selling them here, after its earlier proposal to sell such refurbished iPhones in India was rejected by the ministries of environment and industry on grounds it could result in India becoming a dumping ground of second-hand phones. For its part, Apple has maintained that the sale of its “certified pre-owned phones” is widely prevalent across nations, including the US. An Apple spokesperson was approached for this story, but he hasn’t offered any comment till the time of going to press. Sources said Apple officials have told the government that the process of servicing or upgrading the pre-owned phones in a manufacturing unit and their subsequent sale don’t involve any environmental risks. They have said every i-Phone that passes the certified pre-owned programme of Apple gets a new IMEI, which is basically a new signature for identification on cellular networks. An independent, third party monitors if all the proper, laid-down processes have been followed at the manufacturing facility. Usually, these devices also offer the same warranty and commitment given for new iPhones. You might also want to see this: The hardening of stance on e-waste could force Apple to review its plans for servicing and then shipping out refurbished iPhones. Earlier this year, MeitY had also endorsed the revenue department’s stance that Apple’s demand for an import duty exemption for certain components for making i-Phones in India couldn’t be met. MeitY secretary Aruna Sundararajan told FE that the government has shared with Apple a road map for Indianisation, aimed at driving up value addition here. It asked the company to align its plans with the government’s road map (meant for all foreign companies interested in investing in this segment) in which case no special concessions would be given to the tech giant. “So they said okay. They will examine it and get back to us,” the secretary said. Apple has turned to India, the world’s fastest-growing smart phone market, to reverse slowing global sales, according to analysts. Also, with cost of production in China rising due to soaring wages, among others, the company is perhaps looking at diversifying its manufacturing base out of China, they said. The company doesn’t make its own products; rather it does it through contract manufacturers, including Foxconn and Pegatron. So, if Apple sets up a base here, the contract manufacturers may also establish units here to cater for the tech major’s demands, they said. Currently, Apple sells its products in India through a network of local distributors and retailers. Most of the company’s items are assembled in China, usually by Foxconn Technology. I Imran Awan May 30, 2017 at 10:17 am A section of the government fears allowing Apple to bring in such second-hand iPhones from all over the world to service or upgrade here for subsequent exports could pose environmental risks. : www.mobile-phone.pk/apple_iphone_6s_plus_64gb-8010/ Reply Don't Miss Reliance JioFiber may offer 100GB data for just Rs 500, could launch this Diwali: report Modi-Merkel meet: Will India-Germany start a new alignment in world politics? Monsoon rains hit Kerala coast, northeast; bring cheer to millions across the country Egg thrown at Jay Panda allegedly by BJD MLA Pratap Jena supporters Babri Masjid Demolition Case Live Updates: LK Advani, MM Joshi, Uma Bharti reach CBI court in Lucknow Brutal competition catches up with Anil Ambani: Reliance Communications battered again as debt troubles mount Narendra Modi in Germany: From China's OBOR initiative, Brexit to terrorism, PM had fruitful interaction with Chancellor Angela Merkel Bilkis Bano case: Supreme Court refuses to grant stay on the conviction of IPS officer R S Bhagora Babri Masjid demolition case: A timeline of events Punjab sand mining contract row: Rana Gurjit Singh faces I-T probe as his cook, others bag plum contracts; AAP, SAD demand sacking of the richest minister in Congress government Business Gallery Narendra Modi visit to Germany: PM meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel at Schloss Meseberg Delhi Metro Heritage Line: With art installations and 3D panels, the new Purple Line is sure to flatter; take a look Sri Lanka floods: Indian Navy’s INS Kirch reaches for rescue operations; take a look Dhola-Sadiya bridge images: Indian Army’s powerful tanks can roll on it! All about India’s longest river bridge Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Indian cricket team attends screening, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, others have gala time; check pics Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News LIVE बाबरी मस्जिद केस: सीबीआई कोर्ट पहुंचे लालकृष्ण आडवाणी, मुरली मनोहर जोशी BSEB 12th Result 2017 Declared: परिणाम घोषित, स्टूडेंट्स ऐसे देखें अपनी मार्कशीट बाबरी केस: आरोप तय होने से पहले उमा भारती ने कहा- अपराध नहीं किया, ये भगवान का मामला है भगवान पर छोड़ दिया है Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple working on AI chip for mobile devices bringing them a new level of intelligence iCrowdNewswire – May 29, 2017 Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although artificial intelligence is being used extensively already to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications for example will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the Internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s, to precursors of illnesses such as diabetes, respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in for activities and the application of understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The entire successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following the advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Full Article: https://www.australasianscience.com.au/article/science-and-technology/apple-working-ai-chip-mobile-devices-bringing-them-new-level-intellig Disclosure David Glance owns shares in Apple CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, Apple, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Latin America, United Kingdom Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Synlait forecasts new season payout at $6.50kg/MS Next PostNext Award-winning Olympus LIVE expands to Auckland and Sydney Search Recent Posts Alumina Limited (AWCMY: OTCQX International) | CEO Succession Alumina Limited (AWCMY: OTCQX International) | AGM Speeches Alumina Limited (AWCMY: OTCQX International) | AGM Voting Results Alumina Limited (AWCMY: OTCQX International) | Directors Interest Compounding Pharmacy Market Size, Share, Trends by Manufacturers, Type and Application to 2022 at ReportsnReports.com Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws his helmet and charges Giants pitcher Hunter Strickland after being plunked on the backside as benches clear and fists fly in epic fight Panama's former military dictator and CIA stooge Manuel Noriega dies aged 83, two months after suffering a hemorrhage following surgery to remove a brain tumor South Korea conducts joint drill with US supersonic B-1B Lancer bomber after North Korea's latest ballistic missile test Maine police officer, 20, in critical condition and another injured after crashing their boat while looking for woman, 38, who suffered a canoe accident Fallen golf star Tiger Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of prescription medications and says alcohol WASN'T involved as he apologizes to family and fans 'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Tiger's $20M night of shame: Fallen golf star set to be 'DUMPED by his sponsors following his DUI arrest' as he prepares for embarrassing DASHCAM footage to be released Mother, 34, and another rescuer die trying to save her four-year-old girl after she was swept away in a Utah river Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at Walmart'  Smokeless cigarettes contain MORE cancer-causing chemicals than traditional ones - despite tobacco giants claiming they are safer 'Tell everyone on this train I love them': Portland train attack witness recounts slain hero's last words after 'being stabbed by white supremacist' Hero Portland stabbing survivor, 21, gives a thumbs up from his hospital bed and shows his scar after he was slashed in the neck during an attack that left two dead Trump condemns stabbings in Portland: President says the slayings of two Good Samaritans who were 'standing up to hate and intolerance' is 'unacceptable' Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in the Hudson River after his parachute failed to open during Fleet Week show pay tribute to 'our courageous warrior' Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was 'uncomfortable with a Japanese man winning the Indy 500 on Memorial Day weekend' Pictured: Female zookeeper, 33, who was mauled to death by a tiger in British wildlife park after it got into the enclosure with her in ‘freak accident’ that sent terrified visitors fleeing  Like father, like daughter! Chelsea Clinton's husband Marc Mezvinsky enjoys day out in New York City with Charlotte in matching blue jackets British Airways 'profited from trapped passengers who were desperate to reach their destinations by CHARGING them up to $1,000 for expensive upgrades' Shocking video shows Louisiana court officer wrestling man to the floor moments before shooting him outside French Quarter hotel At least 13 dead as ISIS brutes car bomb an ICE CREAM parlor packed with woman and children enjoying a late-night treat during Ramadan celebrations in Baghdad Could SEAWEED be the key to successful weight loss? University student receives $33,000 grant for groundbreaking research Are YOU putting your family at risk of skin cancer? Millions are unaware the star ratings on the back of sun cream bottles are just as important as SPF Was Jared seeking direct access to Putin? Investigators looking at 30 minutes Trump's son-in-law spent with Russian bank boss and close ally of the president Jared 'changes his mind' on Paris climate deal: Under-fire Kushner 'now thinks standards of the pact need to be changed' to ensure US participation - as Trump says 'he's doing a great job' Previous Next Shocking footage shows brazen thieves rob a California Apple store in broad daylight despite shoppers' attempts to blockade the doors in a bid to stop them The small group of thieves struck the Apple store in Rancho Cucamonga on Sunday afternoon A customer standing in the store filmed them as they grabbed merchandise and ran out A few stunned onlookers tried to block their exit to no avail By Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com Published: 20:00 EDT, 29 May 2017 | Updated: 20:25 EDT, 29 May 2017 e-mail 80 shares 6 View comments A daring and not camera-shy group of thieves struck an Apple store, grabbing laptops and other equipment before running out the door. Bystanders in the Rancho Cucamonga Apple on Sunday afternoon store videotaped and some tried to stop the brazen thieves as they snatched laptops and iPhones that were on display and dashed out the door with what they could get. Video of the robbery posted by witness Vanessa Duarte on Facebook showed what appeared to be four young men in dark hoodies gathering up electronics and hustling from the store in Victoria Gardens. Scroll down for video  One unidentified suspect runs towards the door after apparently grabbing or trying to grab Apple products on display in the Rancho Cucamonga A few people by the door appear to try to stop the thieves to no avail One brazen suspect ran out the door with a pile of merchandise and what appears to be at least two laptops Several witnesses appear to try to block the store's door but the men push past them. The last man taking up the rear is seen running out with at least two laptops clutched in his hands. But Duarte said the men didn't get away with as much loot as they'd hoped to get. 'They dropped almost all the s**t they wanted to take cause everything is attached to the tables,' she wrote, adding laughing emojis. The suspects, wearing dark clothing and hoodies, ran out the door while being videotaped One of the suspects appears to look straight into a video camera as he runs away RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Man is awarded $1.2MILLION after losing three TOES when an... Caught in the act! Surveillance footage captures the moment... Share this article Share Duarte said she was standing in the store when she saw the men grabbing goods and videotaped them as they made their getaway and that she 'almost got hit.' She said she'd shared her video with the store. The group then took off in a black four-door vehicle without license plates, said the sheriff's office, according to ABC7.  Several others on social media said that demo electronics in stores are easily traceable.    Read more: VIDEO: 4 thieves strike Rancho Cucamonga Apple store in broad daylight | abc7news.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 80 shares Most watched News videos Brazen thieves rob a California Apple store in broad daylight High school student goes on profanity-laced rant at a teacher Princeton prof blasts ‘racist, sexist megalomaniac’ Trump Russian MMA fighter gets SLAPPED by his mum after losing fight Knife wielding man kills two men who were defending Muslim women Merkel says Europe must take fate into own hands Restaurant employee arrested after pulling waitress by her ponytail Jared Kushner under scrutiny by the FBI in the Russia probe Trump adds to couples list of faux pas by wiping away Melania's kiss Florida fisherman reels in GIGANTIC stingray on Daytona Beach Professor mobbed for refusing to leave campus on Day of Absence Kumail Nanjiani to grads: Have sex with an immigrant Shocking video shows Louisiana court officer wrestling... Anyone up for a swim? Family in Florida finds an... Conspiracy theorist, 54, accused of taking pictures of a... High school student, 18, drowns while swimming with... Help me mom! Adorable moment bear cub reaches for its... 'They came into this world together and went out... Maine police officer, 20, in critical condition and... 'This is BS. That's why I called ICE': Texas lawmaker... How Native American soldiers helped the Allies win WWI... 'You're losing your country white man!' Residents... Shocking moment a high school student calls his Asian... Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph... Trump 'BLOCKS' Jimmy Kimmel Live writer on Twitter after... Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws... White supremacist, 35, accused of the Portland train... Princeton professor calls Trump 'a racist, sexist... Green Power Ranger thanks police for preventing another... Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 6 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Lindsey Vonn swaps snow gear for thong bikini as she takes in the glamor while in Monaco for the Grand Prix Lindsey was having fun in a red bikini  Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Fallen golf star Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of medications and alcohol wasn't involved as he apologizes  'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender pins in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival  Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show PICTURED: Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City Exchanged vows in front of a flower-packed altar Cheeky! Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad bottom as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Buttocks on display  Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he won't do any more Pirates movies after latest installment in blockbuster series -  Dead Men Tell No Tales 'Bikini until it rains!' Kim Zolciak shows off her swimsuit body... while daughter Brielle flashes mom by exposing her breasts Pair have fun at home Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Gucci style! Salma Hayek and hubby Francois-Henri Pinault are loved up in Florence for designer's Cruise 2018 Collection Retail therapy  Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star larks around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'He's not a bad person': Kim Kardashian insists there is 'no drama' between Kylie Jenner and Tyga after split Kim came to the rappers defense  'I AM MARRIED WITH ME': Single supermodel Adriana Lima shares bizarre photo of herself wearing diamond wedding band on Instagram Breaking a sweat! Chris Pratt and John Krasinski honor Memorial Day by taking on The Murph Challenge fitness test together in the UK Pizza party! Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer reunite for family outing with children in Los Angeles Reunited Monday for pizza with their children  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Smooth landing! Line-free Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her VERY taut visage as she arrives home in Australia following long-haul flight 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  'Bae watch!' Lea Michele gets playful on social media as she shows off her sensational figure in two tiny one-pieces for Memorial Day Salud! Sofia Vergara rocks white bustier top and long lace skirt as she throws lavish Memorial Day party Shared the fun with her social media followers  Happy couple! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons are all smiles in complementing outfits at Gucci show in Italy The first love is the sweetest 'A lady never tells': Rebel Wilson denies claims she lied about her real age to journalists Accused lawyer of dragging out questioning Ed Sheeran confirms he hasn't popped the question to long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... after Russell Crowe refers to her as the singer's 'fiancée' Growing up fast! Chris Brown hosts pool party at Los Angeles home as daughter Royalty turns three Singer looked full of pride  Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations What a catch! Alessandra Ambrosio reels in the attention as she goes fishing with her family in Malibu Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day  Natural beauty Zendaya goes make-up free while hiking with friends on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Star, 20, looked very relaxed 'He's going through a difficult time': One of Tiger Woods' ex-mistresses says she feels sorry for the golfer after his DUI arrest in Florida on Monday  EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends day at the beach in Malibu with swimsuit-clad hottie...who looks just like his ex Katy Perry  Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Good jeans! Lily Collins wears trendy denim jacket as she runs errands on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Dressed down for the holiday  The littlest flag bearer! Nicky Hilton shares snap of daughter Lily on husband James Rothschild's shoulders as stars mark Memorial Day Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Dakota Johnson puts on an unusually busty display in plunging floral dress as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson True Blood couple Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer head to the beach for a casual holiday with their twins Poppy and Charlie  Enjoying her family time 'They had to split the back!' Poldark hunk Aiden Turner admits his was a 'few pounds too heavy' to fit into his fitted costumes for series three Caliente! Victoria Justice poses on the beach during Mexico getaway as she celebrates sister's 21st birthday Looked stunning 'She was restricted from sitting down': Amber Heard's Aquaman costume said to be so tight that crew followed her around with a leaning WALL as relief 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves Still making a deal? Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant is stuck to his phone as new wife Emilia wears sexy barely-there bikini on Mexican vacation Hidden turmoil behind Princess Diana's funeral: Her body was kept in a 'makeshift morgue' and William refused to walk behind the coffin  Prince William speaks candidly about Princess Diana's death and his regret that she didn't get to meet Kate, George and Charlotte as royals pose in off-duty shoot 'It is a process': Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' Khloe to be surrogate mother and help her have another baby on Watch What Happens Live Tom Cruise is the perfect gent as he offers Annabelle Wallis a hand at The Mummy premiere in Madrid... after UK screening is axed following terror attack  Reunited and it feel so good! The Bachelor's Nick Viall celebrates being in Montreal with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi with a big romantic airport kiss How Joan Collins saw off a randy studio boss  and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, as revealed in SIR ROGER MOORE'S witty memoirs What a bag, lady! Leggy Olivia Munn totes $4k backpack as she struts around in flirty checked sundress Aaron Rogers' ex was spotted in Vancouver Paris Hilton shows off her toned figure and womanly curves in plunging pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from Ibiza break on Instagram Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy celebrated nationwide on his 100th birthday He was born on May 29, 1927 in Brookline, MA Easy rider! Chloe Sevigny shows off her toned legs in quirky ensemble as she cruises through New York City on a rental bike 'Her son will miss her forever': Busy Philipps shares her sadness at poet friend's tragic suicide... as she urges fans to seek help Made an emotive post  Secrets of an A-list body: How to get shoulders like Thandie Newton  Recently showed off her toned upper body and shoulders on red carpet Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio is spotted with a bevy of beautiful women in Monaco... days after partying with supermodels in Cannes Back in the old routine Bringing retro back! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel spend the holiday weekend with Jimmy Fallon... in a vintage VW camper van Spied in the Hamptons  Scott Disick cannot keep his hands off model, 19, during wild vacation... after steamy displays with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie AND three other women 'We should have free lunch for all of our public students': John Legend donates $5,000 to help cover meal debts at 99 schools in Seattle Generous gesture Bizarre moment Flash Gordon faces off with the Incredible Hulk after the two actors got into a heated argument before a Comic Con fan had to pull them apart Only in Carrie Bradshaw's world! Sarah Jessica Parker releases a 'sneaker' - a sparkly $255 sandal that has T-straps, cut-outs, and glitter Romancing with the stars! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei reveals she has agreed to go on a date with DWTS rival Bonner Bolton Pair got close on show She's found true love! Lost star Maggie Grace weds fiance Brent Bushnell in California after three-month engagement Started dating last year Party crew! Justin Bieber heads out in the Hamptons with Patrick Schwarzenegger and his gal pal Abby Champion  The 23-year-old singer played third wheel  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Bella Hadid exhibits her svelte figure as she parties with model pals on a super yacht following the Monaco Grand Prix 'I finally found summer!' Drew Barrymore rocks fun bird hat while posting snaps of beach vacation with four-year-old daughter Olive Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph CrossFit challenge in Upstate New York named after Navy SEAL who died in Afghanistan Size 22 model Tess Holliday pokes fun at herself by posing with a picture of a 'majestic' WHALE, before joking that she has been 'reunited with her family' 'Healing takes time, if it ever happens': Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pays tribute to late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell at Amsterdam show 'I'm 30, I better get married': Kim sensed romance with Kris Humphries would end while on HONEYMOON after 'freaking out' about milestone birthday Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman disapprove of Connor's 'serious girlfriend' after her run-ins with the law and provocative social media profile PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Winnie Harlow shows off her sensational figure in skimpy thong bikini as she parties with her rumored beau Lewis Hamilton  Making a splash! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid jumps into the sea as she parties on a luxurious super yacht with shirtless Lewis Hamilton in Monaco Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reveals her teenage anorexia battle resulted from the pressure of taking on royal duties at the age of 18 Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara heighten romance rumors as they share affectionate display at the Cannes Closing Ceremony Headed home together Kim reveals she has not spoken to Taylor Swift since THAT blowup over Kanye's 'I made that b***h famous' lyric  Pop princess called it 'character assassination' Avoid specials, be wary of boasts and haggle for wine: Gordon Ramsay reveals his three golden rules for eating at restaurants  Inside information Keen chef Cher, 71, shows off kitchenware including two Le Creuset dishes worth $1,350 inside her VERY organized pantry (but can you spot her cat?) John Legend sends video message to parents of Manchester victim Olivia Campbell, 15, as they release recording of her singing 'All of Me' for charity Beach babe! Hoda Kotb celebrates Memorial Day weekend with three-month-old adopted daughter Haley  Adorable baby nestled on a blanket Hoff-ing for a miracle? Priyanka Chopra heads to Germany to promote Baywatch movie where original star David Hasselhoff is king after film's US flop Emily Ratajkowski strikes a pose in a pretty frilled bikini for fun Instagram video as she shows off her amazing curves during family pool day in Texas 'I'm odd!' SNL's Kate McKinnon reveals the secret to her success as she plays dress up for cover shoot Experiencing same fame as stars she parodies Oh baby! Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a teal bikini as she hits the beach in Thailand   Israeli model, 31, is Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Crown Princess Victoria opts for a SWAN print dress while Mary of Denmark plays it safe in lace as she joins the Swedish royals for dinner Back to the grind! Usher seen dancing against a scantily clad woman as he hosts a wild Memorial Day weekend party in Las Vegas Slender Sofia Richie sizzles in red floral bikini as she relaxes on a yacht in Monaco... after denying romance with Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick Miranda Kerr 'marries billionaire Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in small but lavish event at his LA home' Supermodel was said to be 'ecstatic' Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Sexy side came out Nicole Kidman sends an apology video to Cannes after being unable to collect a special award as Will Smith gives a tear-filled speech on her behalf Kourtney Kardashian wows in VERY skimpy bikini as she cuddles up to toddler Reign after Cannes... as she 'BANS ex Scott Disick from seeing their children 'Mr. Sell' Fredrik Eklund jets off to Africa for romantic getaway with boyfriend after slashing price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment in bid to find buyer Son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour enjoys 'intimate' baths with his pet MAGPIE (even though his wife thinks it's 'slightly inappropriate') Leggy Ashley Tisdale slips her slender figure into backless leopard print swimsuit as she heads home from best pal Vanessa Hudgens' pool party in LA She's got nude ambition! Daring Emily Ratajkowski goes completely NAKED as she gets to work on the set of new thriller Welcome Home in Italy Gabriel Byrne, 67, sweetly coos over his newborn baby daughter as he and his younger wife Hannah Beth King take their tot for a stroll in NYC Rachel McCord shows off her super toned abs in a very racy lace-up red bikini as she splashes about with her pals at Santa Monica beach Audience shocked as Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul threatens drive-by shootings during Memphis concert after sound issues and power outage That looks tasty! Emily Ratajkowski keeps strength up by munching beef in skimpy bikini  after flaunting delightful derriere in sexy snap Miami heat! Victoria's Secret angel Lais Ribeiro frolics in the sea with her boyfriend during beach getaway Continued her Memorial Weekend showcase 'I've needed her': Angelina Jolie says she 'would give anything' to have her late mother Marcheline Bertrand help her through her divorce from Brad Pitt HBO's Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa Kris Jenner oozes sex appeal in off-the-shoulder white dress and kinky boots in West Hollywood after stalker scare Looked very sleek  As IF she looks that good! Youthful Alicia Silverstone, 40, stuns in chic pink blouse and minimal makeup as she hosts Clueless screening in LA Has Princess Beatrice been cured of her workshy ways - by her former beau's go-getting new American love?   Her ex Dave Clark has just proposed  'Obsessed' Rihanna fan 'vows to continue pursuit' of star as he's released from custody after pleading guilty to criminal trespass at her NYC penthouse Naomi Watts 'furious after ex Liev Schreiber broke their pact not to date anyone publicly for a year' and steps out with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown Good Lord! Bella Thorne shows Scott Disick what he's missing as she poses in underwear after brief Cannes fling Sizzling photos  Matthew Perry cuts a scruffy appearance as he steps out with mystery blonde in New York City He's had his troubles since Friends ended Beach babe Alessandra Ambrosio hits the sand in Malibu wearing a white bikini after posting topless shot Showed off her figure  Lady in red! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting scarlet pencil skirt with matching heels and clutch as she steps out in Madrid  Island girl! Sofia Vergara dances with cocounts in crop top and colorful skirt as she prepares for tropical-themed Memorial Day party Adam Levine shows off new 'TRUE LOVE' tattoos on his fingers... while holding his wife Behati Prinsloo's thong-clad derriere Took to Instagram Mommy and me time! Jenna Dewan Tatum takes daughter Everly shopping during Memorial Day weekend Spotted out in LA with her lookalike daughter More bad blood! Ryan Seacrest 'FURIOUS' Katy Perry will be 'earning more money than him' on American Idol with $25million paycheck 'If it's missing I know he has it': Elsa Pataky says she and Chris Hemsworth SHARE the same $180 moisturizer as she reveals her beauty secrets Charlotte McKinney flaunts her impossibly long legs in miniscule black dress and heels as she enjoys a dinner date in Malibu Looked sensational  Keeping Up With... Barbie! Kylie Jenner splashes out $20,000 to buy TWO huge art pieces inspired by the toy doll Canvas portraits Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea sizzles in skintight red top and leggings as she performs new single Switch on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Sorry Scott, she's not interested! Sofia Richie strips to her swimsuit for yacht day... as teen strongly denies she's dating her 'homie' Disick Quick to diffuse rumors Uma Thurman goes for gold in gown as stunning Jessica Chastain leaves her best dress for last at glamorous final night of the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Just married! Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City The Shameless star got hitched Lea Michele flaunts her effortless style in figure-skimming silk dress as she steps out for dinner date in LA The Scream Queens actress dazzled Gillian Anderson transforms into glamour icon Monroe before impersonating rock star David Bowie on latest episode of hit show American Gods Milestone! Lily-Rose Depp rings in her 18th birthday modeling pink cowboy hats with Leila Rahimi Posted some social media updates 'Someone just died': Kourtney Kardashian tries to 'rescue' Kris Jenner during firefighting exercise on KUWTK Put through their paces Kendall Jenner looks chic in a fur-sleeved jacket as she gets back to LA life with dinner at Japanese restaurant She is getting back into the American groove Cannes Palme d'Or goes to Ruben Ostlund's The Square as Sofia Coppola becomes second woman to win best director Swedish comedy  'I felt like a fool': Sharon Osbourne admits she felt humiliated by Ozzy's cheating scandal... as the pair discuss renewing their vows  Da ya think I'm spec-sy! Kimberly Stewart and daughter Delilah del Toro don glasses as they head to lunch Her father is veteran rocker Rod Stewart Getting ready to party! Benji and Joel Madden stock up with supplies ahead of Memorial Day Twins are married to celebrities Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie  'Shine brighter!' Ariana Grande's brother Frankie tweets support for victims of Manchester terror attack Sent his love  'Do it for the Graham!' Ashley gives an up-close and personal tour of her curves poolside in sexy bikini video Shared with her  Instagram followers Baywatch is a massive flop for The Rock after bringing in nearly $20MILLION less than expected over Memorial Day weekend Life's a beach for flick     DON'T MISS No hangover here! Hilary Duff enjoys a play date with son Luca following wild night out with Lea Michele Visited a farmers market in Studio City 'Blacked out by 12pm': Snooki pours herself a vodka drink on Memorial Day weekend boat trip with hubby The mother-of-two knows how to party  Super dad! Mario Lopez reveals his rock hard physique as he plays with his kids on Cabo vacation Enjoying a beach day with his family Going Overboard! Anna Faris is a dead ringer for Goldie Hawn as she films remake of 1987 comedy Filming the movie in British Columbia His business is no good here! Lamar Odom 'turned out of LA strip club after he cut the line to get in' Busted at Van Nuys' Red Tie Gentleman's Club  Sunday shop! Caitlyn Jenner wears favorite maxi dress as she stocks up on groceries in Malibu Wore a cropped white cardigan and sandals Is there no stopping him? Now Scott Disick flirts up a storm with Sofia Richie, 18... who flashes her breast during his 34th birthday celebrations His famous fans: Kim Kardashian with Kendall and Kris Jenner sing along at John Legend's Los Angeles concert The reality family made a group outing Mellow yellow! Hailey Baldwin dares to bare in skimpy dress that reveals her bra as she steps out in NYC Out for an afternoon stroll in SoHo  Memorial Day dad duty! Pete Wentz takes sons Bronx, 8, and Saint, 2, out for some fun in West Hollywood Hit up the Farmer's Market  JFK the rebel: How the future president founded a troublemakers club at elite boarding school   Before he became the 35th president of the United States What a gentleman! Amber Heard keeps warm in billionaire beau Elon Musk's jacket on date night Smitten couple were in Sydney Rebel Wilson believes Walt Disney is her UNCLE and denies grandmother made up the 'lovely' story because she was obsessed with his films  What is this thing? Katherine Webb shares sweet video of birthday boy Tripp trying cake for the first time... but he isn't impressed So cute Fighting fit! Jennifer Garner heads to boxing class in LA... after emptying her home of ex Ben Affleck's stuff  She just kicked Batman out of the house The love boat! Matt Damon and wife share a kiss aboard luxury yacht before enjoying a day at the Monaco Grand Prix Just finished two films  Smart-casual, Rihanna style! Pop star rocks an off-the-shoulder shirt and ripped jeans on night out in Manhattan It is 2017's most annoying fashion trend 'We got a plan': Daniel Craig gets prison visit from Channing Tatum and Adam Driver in Logan Lucky trailer James Bond star's new movie  Juice date! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts figure in tight white gear as she meets up with Gerard Butler in Malibu Looked great in casual workout duds Natural beauty! Fresh-faced Eva Longoria steps out for lunch in LA in tight green dress and baggy jacket The 42-year-old actress hid her makeup-free face 'Fix their hearts or die': Denise Bryson returns as transgender FBI agent as David Lynch also back on Twin Peaks Denise climbed the ranks of the FBI  I double do! Teen Wolf star Colton Haynes proposes to Kardashian florist Jeff Leatham... two months after his fiance popped the question first 'Grumpy, rarely smiles and his attitude is completely out of order': Concerns raised over Seal's sour attitude with judges and contestants on The Voice Australia Diane Kruger stuns in black Bardot gown as she wins best actress award... while ex-partner Joshua Jackson congratulates her in Instagram post The sex symbol who taught me how to kiss: Then Lana Turner gave Roger Moore a sensual massage - until her 6'5" husband put a stop to it James Bond star  'No More Boyfriends': Halle Berry strikes a busty pose in ripped t-shirt as she pokes fun at her love life She has endured three failed marriages 'He no doubt will be seething': Chris Martin 'not happy' after Russell Crowe MUNCHED on his 'girlfriend' Annabelle Wallis's neck at Sydney premiere of The Mummy 'Welcome to the Catskills!' Terry Richardson shares photo of partner Skinny holding a GUN while topless except for a pair of ammunition belts 'Going swimming!' Doting mother Geri Horner slips into a black swimsuit as she takes baby Monty to the pool in sweet Instagram snap Baby born in January  Jack Osbourne looks healthy and happy as he treats wife Lisa and kids to brunch at Malibu's swanky Soho House Seemed like any other dad  Low-key Angelina Jolie is in high spirits as she continues celebrations for daughter Shiloh's 11th birthday with a family museum trip in Los Angeles Back to her Baywatch roots! Pamela Anderson kicks off her heels for a dip in the ocean while wearing fancy gown at club opening In Marbella, Spain  Prince William and Kate's housekeeper quits her $44,000-a-year job at the couple's Norfolk home after her work becomes 'too demanding'  Setting pulses racing! Princess Charlene stuns in scarlet as she joins her husband at the Monaco Grand Prix  The race was given the royal treatment That's a sporty little number! Rita Ora rocks red school PE-style miniskirt as she struts around the stage on show in the UK Performing in Hull Busty Katy Perry, 32, flashes her underwear in a low-cut silver dress for energetic show in the UK... after admitting sex is 'amazing' in her thirties Bella Hadid sizzles in slinky red top and matching trousers as she joins a host of A-listers at Monaco Grand Prix Lady in red 'I will prevail:' Jane The Virgin's Gina Rodriguez reveals she suffers from anxiety The star opened up about it in an honest Instagram post Stars turn out for Oasis star Noel Gallagher's 50th, but brother Liam's not invited: Madonna and Bono among guests for party at country house  Oscar winning writer Dustin Lance Black, 43, looks happy unveiling a five-tier wedding cake with 23-year-old British Olympic diver husband, Tom Daley Harry Styles tells teenage girl severely injured in the Manchester attack he loves her during phone call to her moments after she woke up  Newly-single lady Olivia Munn shares flirty flash of her bikini-clad backside on Instagram... just a month after splitting from Aaron Rodgers PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: She Moss be joking! Model Lottie sizzles in a TINY bikini on holiday in Marbella Kate's little sister was joined by a pal EXCLUSIVE: Camilla opens up - in her own words - on the pressure of public life, her early negative press, the loss of her brother and her humble style  'He is off the rails again': Kourtney Kardashian 'BANS Scott Disick from seeing their children as she urges him to clean up his act' They have three kids Royals Kate and William FINALLY change  thank you note used for years as they send cards to everyone who wished Charlotte happy birthday Living the jet set life! Amber Heard looks delighted as she leaves Sydney airport with tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and his sons to board his private plane 'It's the most amazing thing in the world': Proud dad Liam Payne insists solo material is 'more meaningful' than ever since his baby son Bear arrived Roger darling, no one did it better than you: BRITT EKLAND and seven other Bond girls share their intimate  memories of the spy who loved them  From FBI Agent to musician: The X-Files star David Duchovny announces first ever Australian tour Hollywood star is headed Down Under Sea of love! Chris Hemsworth cuddles up to his wife Ela Pataky while sailing around the French Riviera ahead of Monaco Grand Prix Pregnant Serena Williams dresses in a bold patterned dress as she takes her bump to Monaco for the Grand Prix Bump took center stage  Bleary-eyed Heidi Klum, 43, looks worse for wear as she leaves London hotspot with boyfriend Vito Schnabel, 30, clad in pin-flaunting gown Hoping that he'll Winnie? Model Harlow arrives at Monaco Grand Prix to support rumoured flame Lewis Hamilton with Bella Hadid Ready for war! Game Of Thrones actor Jason Momoa performs the haka with Auckland's UFC fighters while filming Aquaman on the Gold Coast 'You weave our lives into a magical blanket': Ian Somerhalder's birthday tribute to pregnant wife Nikki Reed Celebrations PDA in the park! Kate Hudson's new beau Danny Fujikawa can't keep his hands off her as they take her son Bingham to the playground Suit you! Supermodel Adriana Lima puts on a dazzling display teasing at her ample cleavage in plunging blazer as she leads the style at Monaco Grand Prix Some-thong to hide? Bella Hadid attempts to cover up her saucy swimwear with barely-there crochet as she enjoys another day in glam Cannes Today's headlines Most Read Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws his helmet and charges Giants pitcher Hunter... BREAKING NEWS: Panama's former military dictator and CIA stooge Manuel Noriega dies aged 83 two months after... South Korea conducts joint drill with US supersonic B-1B Lancer bomber after North Korea's latest ballistic... Maine police officer, 20, in critical condition and another injured after crashing their boat while looking... Fallen golf star Tiger Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of... 'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in... Tiger's $20M night of shame: Fallen golf star set to be 'DUMPED by his sponsors following his DUI arrest' as... Mother, 34, and another rescuer die trying to save her four-year-old girl after she was swept away in a Utah... Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at... Smokeless cigarettes contain MORE cancer-causing chemicals than traditional ones - despite tobacco giants... 'Tell everyone on this train I love them': Portland train attack witness recounts slain hero's last words... Hero Portland stabbing survivor, 21, gives a thumbs up from his hospital bed and shows his scar after he was... Trump condemns stabbings in Portland: President says the slayings of two Good Samaritans who were 'standing... Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in the Hudson River after his parachute failed to open... Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was 'uncomfortable with a Japanese man winning the Indy 500 on... Pictured: Female zookeeper, 33, who was mauled to death by a tiger after it got into the enclosure with her... Like father, like daughter! Chelsea Clinton's husband Marc Mezvinsky enjoys day out in New York City with... Energy companies DENY a 'power surge' was behind BA's global IT crash as bosses are accused of profiting... Shocking video shows Louisiana court officer wrestling man to the floor moments before shooting him outside... At least 13 dead as ISIS brutes car bomb an ICE CREAM parlour packed with women and children enjoying a... Could SEAWEED be the key to successful weight loss? University student receives $45,000 grant for... Are YOU putting your family at risk of skin cancer? Millions are unaware the star ratings on the back of sun... Was Jared seeking direct access to Putin? Investigators looking at 30 minutes Trump's son-in-law spent with... Under fire for his Russia contacts, Jared is souring on Paris climate deal – but Trump says he's doing a... 'They died in war so that we could live in peace': Solemn Trump gives Memorial Day address at Arlington... McCain says Putin is a greater threat than ISIS and the US has 'done nothing' to counter Russian election... Macron launches extraordinary attack on Russian state media while Putin denies meddling in the French... Rolling with Rex: Secretary of State Tillerson dons a black leather vest and shades as he mounts his Harley... Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring... MORE HEADLINES Tiger's $20M night of shame: Fallen golf star set to be 'DUMPED by his sponsors following his DUI arrest' as he prepares for embarrassing DASHCAM footage to be released... but his ex-mistress says he is 'going through a difficult time' Three women rape man, 23, for THREE days after drugging and kidnapping him when he climbed into the back of a communal taxi in South Africa  Trump acted like a 'loud and tacky drunk tourist who steps on others without realizing' during his meetings with foreign allies, claims State Department official  Father of three siblings killed in horror highway smash was travelling ahead of them when he heard over a two-way radio that their car had crashed into two trucks Don't make him angry... you won't like him when he's angry! Flash Gordon and the Incredible Hulk have to be separated by fans after the two actors get into a blazing row at London's Comic Con Fallen golf star Tiger Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of prescription medications and says alcohol WASN'T involved as he apologizes to family and fans Look who’s walking! Newborn baby’s incredible first steps just minutes after leaving the womb  Trump 'BLOCKS' Jimmy Kimmel Live writer on Twitter after she 'hurt his feelings' Bank Holiday revellers hit the streets (some literally!) as they make the most of their three day weekend by donning fancy dress and flirting with armed police  'They died in war so that we could live in peace': Solemn Trump gives Memorial Day address at Arlington National Cemetery as he lays wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Pictured: Female zookeeper, 33, who was mauled to death by a tiger after it got into the enclosure with her in ‘freak accident’ that sent terrified visitors fleeing  Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws his helmet and charges Giants pitcher Hunter Strickland after being plunked on the backside as benches clear and fists fly in epic fight 'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Emergency services thought German man was JOKING when he called to say his girlfriend, 23, was being raped at knifepoint by Ghanaian asylum seeker during camping trip Shocking moment a high school student calls his Asian science teacher a 'n****r' during a vile racist outburst Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was 'uncomfortable with a Japanese man winning the Indy 500 on Memorial Day weekend' Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in the Hudson River after his parachute failed to open during Fleet Week show pay tribute to 'our courageous warrior' Touché! How President 'violently pulled his French counterpart towards him' after that power play during first meeting Princeton professor calls Trump 'a racist, sexist meglomaniac' during commencement speech at Hampshire College Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa 'This is BS. That's why I called ICE': Texas lawmaker calls border guard on protesters who filled state capital to oppose immigration bill, then threatens to 'put a bullet' in a Democrat's head Cliffhanger homes: Swedish architects design human BIRD BOXES that perch on mountainsides and are just 50 square metres in size  Two boys, 16, 'raped a drunk girl, 14, during a house party and posted pictures of her, "naked and bloody," on SNAPCHAT' Under fire for his Russia contacts, Jared is souring on Paris climate deal – but Trump says he's doing a 'great job' despite reports on Kushner's clout At least 13 dead as ISIS brutes car bomb an ICE CREAM parlour packed with women and children enjoying a late-night treat during Ramadan celebrations in Baghdad MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 15-inch MacBook Pro Shipping Estimates Slip By Tyler Lee on 05/29/2017 16:34 PDT WWDC is usually Apple’s platform for announcing new software and services, and while in the past Apple has used it to launch new iPhones, they haven’t really done that in quite a few years now. However this year could change as we are hearing that Apple could be launching new hardware, such as new laptops, new iPads, and so on. In fact to support this speculation, it has been noticed that the shipping estimates for Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pros have been slipping. According to Apple’s website and noted by MacRumors, the laptops are now said to ship between June 5-June 7 for the faster option, or June 6-8 for the free shipping option. Given that there hasn’t been a surge in purchases, it does seem odd and it would suggest that Apple is running low on stock in anticipation that they will be replacing the existing models with newer ones. We doubt that it will be too big of a hardware refresh, so most likely we’ll be looking at newer processors and some minor improvements. We haven’t really heard anything about the 12-inch MacBook but it is also rumored to be one of the laptops that Apple plans on refreshing. In any case maybe we’re reading too much into this so take it with a grain of salt, but with WWDC kicking off next Monday we should have the official details soon. Filed in Apple >Computers >Rumors. Read more about laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-05-29 Apple’s 17-inch MacBook Pro To Be Marked Obsolete June 30 2017-05-21 Apple Ends 2011 MacBook Pro Graphics Repair Program 2017-05-16 New MacBook, MacBook Pro Upgrades Planned For WWDC 2017-04-21 Refurbished 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available 2017-04-13 MacBook Pro Owners Reporting ‘Popping’ Sounds Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple FY 17 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New 9.7-inch iPad features stunning Retina display and incredible performance Next PostNext Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 25, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1490 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with US-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US. “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the US,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, chief executive officer and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” In the US, Apple now supports 2 million jobs across all 50 states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with US-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers. Since the inception of Gorilla Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 US jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the US.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” launches worldwide PHOTOS May 21, 2017 Customers fill the Forum at Apple Union Square as Leon Bridges performs a special acoustic set with Brittni Jessie from his album “Coming Home.” “Today at Apple” kicked off this weekend with new in-store programming around the world, including Photo Walks and Kids Hour at all 495 Apple stores. From Getting Started with Coding to How To: Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, stores collectively hosted 4,000 sessions a day, including some with very special guests. Apple Union Square Customers use iPad Pro and Apple Pencil as they learn from master illustrator Todd Selby. Movement artist and star of Apple’s AirPods commercial, Lil Buck, shows off his moves in the Forum at Apple Union Square. Multiplatinum artist, songwriter and producer Charlie Puth gives an intimate performance at Apple Union Square. Leon Bridges gives a soulful “Today at Apple” performance to end the day of sessions at Apple Union Square. Apple Regent Street Dua Lipa performs an acoustic set of tracks from her upcoming album. During a Live Art session with French illustrator mcbess at Apple Regent Street attendees share their own work following his signature style—graphic illustrations without color. iPhone photographers cover two miles in 90 minutes as they seek out fashion-forward portraits with photographer Shingi Rice. Apple Williamsburg iPhone photographers hit the streets of Brooklyn for a portrait-themed Photo Walk with Timothy Mulcare. Music Lab: 18-year-old Steve Lacy earned a Grammy nomination for his work with The Internet — producing it all on his iPhone. Apple Marché Saint-Germain Aspiring coders of all ages can learn how to code in Swift, Apple’s programming language for iOS and Mac apps. Up-and-coming pop sensation, Sigrid, performs tracks off her debut “Don’t Kill My Vibe” EP at Apple Marché Saint-Germain. To find and register for a session visit www.apple.com/today. Photos of “Today at Apple” Worldwide Launch CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple awards Corning Advanced Manufacturing Fund investment Next PostNext Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore PHOTOS May 27, 2017 The 120-foot glass facade blurs the barrier between inside and out, while 16 interior trees continue the city’s lush greenery throughout the space. Apple Orchard Road opened Saturday to thousands of customers who queued to explore Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. Braving the equatorial heat as early as Friday night, customers were greeted by Apple’s Angela Ahrendts and the store’s 237 employees when doors opened at 10 a.m. Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia opened to customers on Saturday, May 27. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail, welcomes customers to Apple’s first store in Southeast Asia. The Forum is home to “Today at Apple,” new in-store programming that includes 60 free, hands-on sessions. Twin curved Castagna stone staircases are the architectural highlight of Apple Orchard Road. A unique 25-foot canopy protects Apple Orchard Road from tropical sunlight and provides shelter from the rain. Apple Stores around the world welcome over 1 million customers a day. Photos of Apple Orchard Road CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students Next PostNext Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store CUPERTINO, California — January 6, 2016 — Apple® today announced that customers around the world made this holiday season the biggest ever for the App Store®, setting new records during the weeks of Christmas and New Year’s.  In the two weeks ending January 3, customers spent over $1.1 billion on apps and in-app purchases, setting back-to-back weekly records for traffic and purchases. January 1, 2016 marked the biggest day in App Store history with customers spending over $144 million. It broke the previous single-day record set just a week earlier on Christmas Day. “The App Store had a holiday season for the record books. We are excited that our customers downloaded and enjoyed so many incredible apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, spending over $20 billion on the App Store last year alone,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “We’re grateful to all the developers who have created the most innovative and exciting apps in the world for our customers. We can’t wait for what’s to come in 2016.” Worldwide, the App Store has brought in nearly $40 billion for developers since 2008, with over one-third generated in the last year alone. Largely as a result of the App Store’s success, Apple is now responsible for creating and supporting 1.9 million jobs in the U.S. alone. Nearly three-quarters of those jobs — over 1.4 million — are attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* Apple has previously reported that the iOS app economy has created 1.2 million jobs in Europe and 1.4 million jobs in China. Gaming, Social Networking and Entertainment were among the year’s most popular App Store categories across Apple products, with customers challenging themselves to Minecraft: Pocket Edition, Trivia Crack and Heads Up!, and staying in touch with friends and family using Facebook Messenger, WeChat and Snapchat. Games and subscription apps dominated this year’s top grossing titles including Clash of Clans, Monster Strike, Game of War – Fire Age and Fantasy Westward Journey, as well as Netflix, Hulu and Match. The launch of the all-new Apple TV® and Apple Watch® have paved the way for entirely new app experiences, changing how people consume content through their television and providing useful information at a glance on Apple’s most personal device yet. Since its launch in October, the new Apple TV’s most popular apps include Rayman Adventures, Beat Sports and HBO NOW. Chart-topping apps for Apple Watch owners include fitness apps Nike+ Running and Lifesum, and iTranslate and Citymapper in the Travel category. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in the United States,” January 6, 2016 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Colin Johnson Apple colin_johnson@apple.com (408) 974-6284   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore Next PostNext New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy ROME — January 21, 2016 — Apple® today announced the creation of Europe’s first iOS App Development Center in Italy, to give students practical skills and training on developing iOS apps for the world’s most innovative and vibrant app ecosystem. The iOS App Development Center, to be located at a partner institution in Naples, will support teachers and provide a specialized curriculum preparing thousands of future developers to be part of Apple’s thriving developer community. In addition, Apple will work with partners around Italy who deliver developer training to complement this curriculum and create additional opportunities for students. Apple expects to expand this program to other countries around the world. “Europe is home to some of the most creative developers in the world and we’re thrilled to be helping the next generation of entrepreneurs in Italy get the skills they need for success,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The phenomenal success of the App Store is one of the driving forces behind the more than 1.4 million jobs Apple has created in Europe and presents unlimited opportunities for people of all ages and businesses of all sizes across the continent.” Apple is a powerful engine of growth across Europe and the company’s ecosystem now supports more than 1.4 million jobs, including 1.2 million attributable to the community of app creators, software engineers and entrepreneurs building apps for iOS, as well as non-IT jobs supported directly and indirectly through the app economy.* The unprecedented growth of the App Store® has helped developers in Europe earn over €10.2 billion from selling their apps around the world. In Italy, over 75,000 jobs are attributable to the App Store and the developer community is vibrant. IK Multimedia launched its first app in 2009 and since then has had over 25 million downloads. Musement, launched in 2013, is now available in seven languages and 300 cities across 50 countries, making it easy for people to book travel and excursions on the go. Roberto Macina, CEO and founder of Qurami, said: “Apple’s continued innovation inspires us to create the best mobile experiences and make our customers’ lives just a little bit easier. Apple’s app ecosystem is the anchor for our business, and developing across Apple’s operating systems has enabled us to easily and quickly bring the Qurami experience to iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch users.” Thousands of companies are expanding because of their work with Apple, which supports hundreds of thousands of jobs in communities large and small across Europe. Milan-based Laboratorio Elettrofisico makes some of the most sophisticated magnetization equipment in the world and their technology enables some of the industry-leading magnetic features found in Apple products. Apple also works with Europe’s leading manufacturers of Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems, which create tiny components that power some of the incredible sensor and audio technologies found in iOS devices. *Job creation estimate based on research by Dr. Michael Mandel, Progressive Policy Institute. “App Economy Jobs in Europe,” January 21, 2016. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Alan Hely Apple alanhely@apple.com +44 207 184 1193 Rob Saunders Apple rob_saunders@apple.com +44 207 184 1414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 482343. WHEN: Tuesday, January 26, 2016 at 2:00 p.m. PST/5:00 p.m. EST REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, January 26 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST through Tuesday, February 9 at 5:00 p.m. PST/8:00 p.m. EST. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7349088. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PST on January 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414   CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers Next PostNext Apple Advances Health Apps with CareKit Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Important Notice for Certain AC Wall Plug Adapters &amp; World Travel Adapter Kit Customers CUPERTINO, California — January 28, 2016 — Apple® today announced a voluntary recall of AC wall plug adapters designed for use in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Continental Europe, New Zealand and South Korea. In very rare cases, affected Apple two-prong wall plug adapters may break and create a risk of electrical shock if touched. These wall plug adapters shipped with Mac® and certain iOS devices between 2003 and 2015 and were also included in the Apple World Travel Adapter Kit. Apple is aware of 12 incidents worldwide. The recall does not affect any other Apple AC wall plug adapters designed for Canada, China, Hong Kong, Japan, United Kingdom, United States or any Apple USB power adapters.   Because customer safety is the company’s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using affected plug adapters. Customers should visit www.apple.com/support/ac-wallplug-adapter for details about how to exchange the affected adapters for new, redesigned ones.   An affected two-prong plug adapter has either four or five characters or no characters on the inside slot where it attaches to the main Apple power adapter. Visit the program website for more details on how to identify an affected adapter. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FY 16 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces 9.7-inch iPad Pro CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced the all-new 9.7-inch iPad Pro™— at just under one pound it features a new pro Retina® display with greater brightness, wider color gamut, lower reflectivity, Night Shift™ mode and introduces new True Tone® display technology to dynamically adjust white balance. The new iPad Pro delivers incredible performance with the 64-bit A9X chip that rivals most portable PCs, along with a four-speaker audio system that is twice as powerful,¹ new 12-megapixel iSight® camera for shooting Live Photos™ and 4K video, 5-megapixel FaceTime® HD camera, and faster wireless technologies. And iPad Pro includes support for the breakthrough Apple Pencil™ and a new Smart Keyboard™ cover designed to fit the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. “iPad Pro is a new generation of iPad that is indispensable and immersive, enabling people to be more productive and more creative. It’s incredibly fast, extremely portable, and completely natural to use with your fingers, Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. And now it comes in two sizes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a new Retina display with True Tone technology, four-speaker audio system, blazing fast A9X chip, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera, faster wireless, and support for Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. It is the ultimate upgrade for existing iPad users and replacement for PC users.” Designers, illustrators and businesses have quickly adopted iPad Pro and it’s changing the way they work: “People don’t realize how much hand drawing is needed to produce computer animation,” said John Lasseter, Chief Creative Officer, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil are the closest we’ve ever been able to get in the digital world to actually drawing on paper.” “I’ve done everything including designing the latest cycling collection on iPad Pro,” said Alex Valdman, Head of Design for Rapha. “It goes with me everywhere, and has not only replaced my laptop, but my paper notebook as well. For the Rapha design team, iPad Pro will become standard issue.” “At Citi, iPad Pro is truly transforming how we work,” said Stephen Gates, U.S. Head of Design for Citi Global Consumer Banking. “iPad Pro and Apple Pencil have played a huge part in the new Citi Design team’s work to create new innovative customer experiences. We use iPad Pro for sketching out new design concepts, presenting our work, answering our emails, working with our design files on Adobe Creative Cloud and participating in FaceTime meetings with our other design teams all over the world.” Pro display The 9.7-inch iPad Pro features advanced display technologies, including a True Tone display, which uses new four-channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance of the display to match the light around you for a more natural and accurate, paper-white viewing experience. The advanced Retina display is 25 percent brighter and 40 percent less reflective than iPad Air® 2, making content even easier to see indoors and out. It uses the same wider color gamut as the iMac® with Retina 5K display, delivering 25 percent greater color saturation¹ for more vivid colors. A custom timing controller, photo alignment and oxide TFT deliver incredible color, contrast and clarity. Night Shift in iOS 9.3 uses iPad Pro’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. Pro performance The new iPad Pro is just 6.1mm thin and weighs just under one pound, yet delivers groundbreaking performance, connectivity and versatility so you can tackle the most demanding tasks wherever you go. The powerful A9X chip with third-generation 64-bit architecture provides performance that rivals many laptops and console-class graphics, while also delivering all-day battery life.² Ultrafast wireless connectivity keeps you connected wherever you go with 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO technology, support for even faster LTE Advanced with up to 50 percent faster cellular connectivity³ and the most LTE bands supported by any tablet.⁴ Now with Apple SIM embedded directly in the new iPad Pro, it’s even easier to connect to wireless data plans right from your device when traveling in more than 100 countries and territories.5 iPad Pro has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera sensor featuring Focus Pixels for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharp, detailed images, 63-megapixel panoramas and Live Photos. A True Tone flash improves low light shots and document scanning. The new iSight camera shoots 4K video, making the new iPad Pro the perfect device to shoot, edit and share pro-quality video. The improved 5-megapixel, front-facing FaceTime HD camera makes the new iPad Pro perfect for videoconferencing or connecting with loved ones. Pro audio The four-speaker audio system provides powerful, clear and rich stereo sound for more than twice the audio output.¹ Built-in sensors automatically adjust and optimize the audio no matter which way you’re using it. iOS 9.3 also adds support for playing video encoded with Dolby Digital Plus audio streams with support for multichannel output using the Apple Lightning® Digital AV Adapter. Pro accessories Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, available for purchase separately, bring breakthrough levels of precision and utility to iPad Pro. Advanced sensors in Apple Pencil measure both pressure and tilt for a natural drawing, annotating and note-taking experience. A new Smart Keyboard is custom-designed for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, offering a thin yet durable keyboard that never needs to be charged or paired over Bluetooth and is easily foldable into a protective Smart Cover®. The new Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader and Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter make it easy to download photos and videos from a digital camera to iPad Pro, while a new Lightning to USB-C Cable and Apple’s 29W USB-C Power Adapter enable faster charging. Pricing & Availability The 9.7-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space gray, gold and a new rose gold metallic finish, and starts at $599 (US) for the 32GB with Wi-Fi model and $729 (US) for the 32GB Wi-Fi + Cellular model. Both iPad Pro sizes are available in offerings of 32GB, 128GB and a new 256GB capacity, the highest of any iOS device. For more information, please visit www.apple.com/ipad.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available to order beginning Thursday, March 24, from Apple.com, and in Apple’s retail stores, through select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers on Thursday, March 31, in Australia, Canada, China (Wi-Fi models only), France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US.  The 9.7-inch iPad Pro will be available in early April in Albania, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Cayman Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Guam, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Latvia, Lichtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Macau (Wi-Fi models only), Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand (Wi-Fi models only), Turkey and UAE. Apple Pencil is available for $99 (US) and Smart Keyboard in charcoal gray for $149 (US). The Polyurethane iPad Pro Smart Cover and Silicone Cases for the 9.7-inch iPad Pro are available for $49 (US) and $69 (US), respectively, in a range of new vibrant colors. The Lightning to SD Card Camera Reader is available for $29 (US), Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter for $39 (US), Apple 29W USB-C Power Adapter for $49 (US), Lightning to USB-C Cable (1 m.) for $25 (US) and Lightning to USB-C Cable (2 m.) for $35 (US). Every customer who buys an iPad Pro from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPad Pro by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about the new iPad Pro or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  ¹Over iPad Air 2.  ²Battery life depends on device settings, usage and other factors. Actual results may vary. ³Based on theoretical speeds, actual speeds may vary. ⁴Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/ipad/LTE. 5Embedded Apple SIM in iPad Pro (9.7-inch) may be disabled when purchased from some carriers. See your carrier for details. Apple SIM and embedded Apple SIM not available in China. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: Press Contacts: Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 Andy Bowman Apple abowman@apple.com (408) 783-0619   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display CUPERTINO, California — March 21, 2016 — Apple® today introduced iPhone® SE, the most powerful phone with a four-inch display, in a beloved compact aluminum design that has been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a color-matched stainless steel Apple logo, and four gorgeous metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for blazing fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a 12-megapixel iSight® camera featuring Live Photos™ and 4K video, and Touch ID® with Apple Pay®. “iPhone SE is an exciting new idea — we started with a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out. The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and Touch ID with Apple Pay. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.” The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out, giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery life. M9, Apple’s next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9 allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including “Hey Siri” without having to pick up your iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking capabilities like measuring your steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse, download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features, and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime®, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive assistance, powerful search, improved Siri® features, and a new Night Shift™ feature that uses your iPhone SE’s clock and geolocation to automatically adjust the colors in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark and may even help you get a better night’s sleep. All of these innovations are packed into a light and compact phone designed to fit comfortably in your hand, crafted from bead-blasted aluminum for a satin-like finish, refined matte-chamfered edges, a new color-matched stainless steel inset Apple logo and a brilliant four-inch Retina® display. The World’s Most Popular Camera iPhone SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living memory rather than an instant frozen in time. Additional camera advancements include: The ability to shoot HD video with support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video, customers can edit on a Mac®, PC or iPad®, and with the latest version of iMovie® on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone® lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to 63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilization and cinematic video stabilization. Pricing & Availability iPhone SE will be available in space gray, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB and 64GB models starting at $399 (US) from Apple’s retail stores, Apple.com, Apple Authorized Resellers and select carriers, or for 24 monthly payments starting at $17 (US) exclusively at Apple’s retail stores in the US.** As part of the newly-announced Trade Up with Installments program at Apple stores in the US, customers can also purchase iPhone SE for as low as $10/month for 24 months.*** Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginning Thursday, March 24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary, Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed accessories including leather cases in black and midnight blue will be available for $39 (US), and Lightning® Docks in color-matched metallic finishes are currently available from Apple’s retail stores and Apple.com for $49 (US). Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal Setup, in-store or online, to help them customize their iPhone by setting up email, showing them new apps from the App Store® and more. Anyone who wants to learn more about iPhone SE or iOS 9 can register for the free workshops offered at every Apple Store®.  * Data plan required. LTE is available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on LTE support, contact your carrier and see www.apple.com/iphone/LTE. ** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Qualified customers only with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment, full taxes and activation fees may be due at sale. Carrier terms and other terms and eligibility may apply. *** Prices are rounded to nearest dollar and are based on 24 monthly installment payments. Requires trade-in of iPhone 5s in full working condition. Trade-in values and monthly pricing for devices will vary based on the condition and model of your smartphone trade-in. Trade Up with Installments is only available to qualified US customers with eligible credit card. Two-year loan required. First installment payment and full taxes due at sale. Full terms apply. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Additional Content: • Images • Video Press Contacts: Alex Kirschner Apple alexkirschner@apple.com (408) 974-2479 Teresa Brewer Apple tbrewer@apple.com (408) 974-6851 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Announces Advancements to ResearchKit Next PostNext Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference Kicks Off June 13 in San Francisco CUPERTINO, California — April 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced that it will hold its 27th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), hosting the creative talent behind the world’s most innovative apps, from June 13 through 17 in San Francisco. At WWDC, Apple’s developer community comes together from all corners of the globe to learn about the future of Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X®, watchOS® and tvOS™. Monday’s kickoff events, including the keynote address, will be held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium. The rest of the week’s conference sessions will take place at Moscone West.  “With four innovative operating systems and a new, intuitive programming language powering over 1 billion devices worldwide, there has never been a more exciting time to bring our developer community together,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “WWDC 2016 is going to be a landmark event for developers who are coding in Swift, and building apps and products for iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS. We can’t wait for everyone to join us — in San Francisco or through the live stream.” Developers can apply for tickets via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) now through Friday, April 22 at 10:00 a.m. PDT. Tickets will be issued to attendees through a random selection process, and developers will be notified on the status of their application by Monday, April 25 at 5:00 p.m. PDT. For the second consecutive year, there will be up to 350 WWDC Scholarships available, giving students and STEM organization members from around the world an opportunity to earn a ticket to meet and collaborate with some of the most talented developers of Apple’s ever-growing app ecosystem (developer.apple.com/wwdc/scholarships/). Additionally, this year, we will provide travel assistance to up to 125 scholarship recipients to ensure aspiring developers with financial limitations have an opportunity to participate.  WWDC 2016 activities include: over 1,000 Apple engineers supporting more than 150 hands-on labs and events to provide developers with code-level assistance, insight into optimal development techniques and guidance on how they can make the most of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS technologies in their apps; access to the latest innovations, features and capabilities of iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS, and best practices for enhancing an app’s functionality, performance, quality and design; the opportunity to connect with thousands of fellow iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS developers from around the world — last year, 80 percent of developers attended for their first time, and in total, more than 70 countries were represented;  a series of get-togethers for attendees focused on particular topics with special guest speakers and activities; engaging and inspirational lunchtime sessions with trailblazers and influencers from the worlds of technology, science and entertainment; and the Apple Design Awards which recognize iPhone®, iPad®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV® and Mac® apps that demonstrate technical excellence, innovation and outstanding design. Worldwide Developers Conference sessions will be streamed live throughout the week via the WWDC website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/live/) and through the WWDC app, giving developers around the world access to the week’s news and events. Visit the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2016 website (developer.apple.com/wwdc/register/) to apply for a ticket, as well as for updates and more information. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Lisa Israel  Apple lisrael@apple.com (408) 974-2118 Christine Monaghan  Apple cmonaghan@apple.com (408) 974-8850 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple® FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 988724. WHEN: Tuesday, April 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, April 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, May 10 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in numbers for the rebroadcast are (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7495552. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone®, iPad® or iPod touch® with Safari® on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac® with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X® v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contact: Kristin Huguet Apple khuguet@apple.com (408) 974-2414 CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update BEIJING — May 17, 2016 — Apple® today announced an update to GarageBand® that celebrates the rich history of Chinese music with new instruments and extensive Chinese language localization throughout the app. Building on GarageBand’s extensive collection of sounds, this update adds traditional Chinese instruments — the pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion — along with 300 Apple-created Chinese musical loops, giving users the power to tap into their creativity and make beautiful Chinese-inspired music right on their iOS device or Mac®. GarageBand for iOS users also get two new Chinese templates for Live Loops, and new sharing options to popular Chinese social networks, so they can easily share their music creations with friends and followers across QQ and Youku.  “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world and we’re excited to introduce these new features that incorporate the rich history of traditional Chinese music,” said Susan Prescott, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. “By adding classic Chinese instruments and new Live Loop templates, the new GarageBand app makes it fun and easy to make Chinese-inspired music right on your iPhone, iPad or Mac.” “As a musician I’m always looking for ways to take my music in new directions and GarageBand has been such a great tool for me to experiment and add new elements to my songs on-the-go,” said award-winning music artist JJ Lin. “I love how the latest update to GarageBand adds traditional Chinese instruments along with brand new loops so I can play around with mixing traditional and modern sounds to create completely new styles.” The pipa, erhu and Chinese percussion instruments in GarageBand can be played on iPhone® or iPad® using Multi-Touch™, and on Mac through the built-in Musical Typing feature or by connecting a third-party USB music keyboard. Each instrument includes different playing articulations, including rapid picking and note bend for pipa, and trill, grace note and glissando for erhu, making it incredibly easy for a novice to create a realistic and expressive performance. iPhone users can also use 3D Touch™ with the erhu and pipa to dynamically control vibrato and intensity, and both the pipa and erhu include Autoplay, letting users tap on any chord and get a complete, rich performance. Users can also play a collection of Chinese percussion instruments including drums, wood blocks, cymbals and gongs. This update adds 300 Apple-created loops from a variety of instruments and styles, including guzheng, dizi, yangqin and Peking Opera, to the library of Chinese musical content in the app. These loops can be mixed and matched with Chinese instruments in GarageBand to create traditional music or entirely new styles. GarageBand for iOS also supports Live Loops, a new and intuitive way to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. And, Live Loops in this update adds two new Chinese Live Loops grid templates, one traditional and one modern, showcasing a variety of Chinese instruments and percussion that are all playable via the Live Loops grid.  Chinese localization is also significantly enhanced across the entire app, with all sounds, loops and instruments now translated to Simplified Chinese or Traditional Chinese. Pricing & Availability  Today’s GarageBand 2.1.1 for iOS and GarageBand 10.1.2 for Mac updates are free for all existing users, and GarageBand is available for free with all new iOS and Mac devices. Customers with older, non-qualifying devices can purchase the app for $4.99 via the App Store® and Mac App Store. Users in Greater China will see these new features by default on iOS and OS X® after updating. Outside of Greater China, these new features are visible by default on OS X and can be enabled on iOS devices in the advanced settings menu. For more information about GarageBand for iOS, visit www.apple.com/ios/garageband and for more information about GarageBand for Mac, visit www.apple.com/mac/garageband. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad Next PostNext Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Announces New iOS App Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru MUMBAI, India — May 18, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new initiative to support engineering talent and accelerate growth in India’s iOS developer community. The company will establish a Design and Development Accelerator in Bengaluru, the home of India’s startup scene. Tens of thousands of developers in India make apps for iOS, the world’s most powerful mobile operating system and the foundation for iPhone®, iPad® and iPod touch®. This initiative will provide additional, specialized support for them. Apple’s team will work to inspire and instruct developers on best practices, help them hone their skills and transform the design, quality and performance of their apps on the iOS platform. “India is home to one of the most vibrant and entrepreneurial iOS development communities in the world,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “With the opening of this new facility in Bengaluru, we’re giving developers access to tools which will help them create innovative apps for customers around the world.” Each week, Apple experts will lead briefings and provide one-on-one app reviews for developers. The facility will also provide support and guidance on Swift™, Apple’s powerful and intuitive programming language created to build apps for iOS, Mac®, Apple TV® and Apple Watch®. Swift enables developers to write safer, more reliable code, save time and create richer app experiences. A recent report by developer placement firm Toptal shows jobs requesting Swift rose 600 percent in 2015. Bengaluru is now home to more technology startups than any other part of India. Over one million people in the city work in the tech sector, and over 40 percent of graduates from local universities specialize in engineering or information technology. “This is a huge vote of confidence in India’s developer community and a tremendous opportunity to gain world-class design and development expertise,” said Zomato CEO Deepinder Goyal. “Apple’s support will help drive growth and accelerate progress among the country’s vast talent pool.” “We have worked closely with Apple to transform the Snapdeal app and offer our users the best possible experience,” said Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl. “Apple’s expert guidance on the interface and user experience has helped us build an app that our consumers love. We are thrilled Apple will have a local presence which will amplify our efforts to develop more high-quality apps for our digital commerce ecosystem.” “Apple’s investment in Bengaluru through its iOS Development Accelerator will have far-reaching effects for the area’s rapidly growing and highly talented developer community,” said NASSCOM President R Chandrashekhar. “The skills and training they gain through this effort will significantly improve their app design and help them reach a broader market. Initiatives like these move the country forward in our efforts to advance a growth-led and sustainable technology sector.” The iOS App Design and Development Accelerator is expected to open in early 2017. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Next PostNext Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad HYDERABAD, India — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today announced the opening of a new office in Hyderabad that will focus on development of Maps for Apple products, including iPhone®, iPad®, Mac® and Apple Watch®. This investment will accelerate Maps development and create up to 4,000 jobs. “Apple is focused on making the best products and services in the world and we are thrilled to open this new office in Hyderabad which will focus on Maps development,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “The talent here in the local area is incredible and we are looking forward to expanding our relationships and introducing more universities and partners to our platforms as we scale our operations.” Apple has been continually updating and adding new features to Maps, including 3D views, the Flyover® feature and tools to help customers find convenient places to shop, eat and explore nearby areas. With iOS 9 Apple added Transit, offering a combination of trains, subways, buses and walking, which is already available for more than 300 cities around the world. The new facility, located on the Waverock campus, will provide a world-class, LEED-certified home for the expanding Maps team. “We are honored Apple chose Hyderabad as a home for its Maps development office,” said Telangana Chief Minister Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao. “This will create thousands of jobs here and is a testament to our proactive approach, quality infrastructure and the excellent talent base we have in the region.” “Apple is one of the most innovative companies in the world and we are very proud they chose us to partner with for this important project,” said Anup Jindal, RMSI’s CEO. “We are experts in geospatial data and we will be hiring thousands of people from the local area to support this effort.” Across India, Apple supports over 640,000 iOS app developer jobs and other positions related to the iOS ecosystem. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Katrina Tran Apple katrina_tran@apple.com +65 6480 4793 Anand Baskaran Apple abaskaran@apple.com +91 98450 28508   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Next PostNext Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Union Square Highlights New Design Elements, Community Programs SAN FRANCISCO — May 19, 2016 — Apple® today revealed its new store on San Francisco’s Union Square, offering many new features and services rolling out to Apple retail stores worldwide. The new store will open its signature 42-foot tall sliding glass doors to customers on Saturday, May 21 at 10 a.m.  “Fifteen years ago today Apple opened its first two stores and we’re thrilled to mark the occasion with the opening of Apple Union Square in San Francisco,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president of Retail and Online Stores. “We are not just evolving our store design, but its purpose and greater role in the community as we educate and entertain visitors and serve our network of local entrepreneurs.”  Apple Union Square’s glass doors open the store to Post Street and Union Square. The building’s unique position connects San Francisco’s most famous square to a rejuvenated plaza to the north, creating a beautiful gathering place for the community. The art-filled plaza offers seating, public Wi-Fi, a 50-foot tall “green wall” and regular acoustic performances. The store is powered by 100 percent renewable energy, including power produced by photovoltaic panels integrated into the building’s roof. “We have a deep commitment to the cities we work in, and are aware of the importance that architecture plays in the community,” said Jonathan Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “It all starts with the storefront — taking transparency to a whole new level — where the building blends the inside and the outside, breaking down barriers and making it more egalitarian and accessible.”  Features in the new Apple Union Square design include: “The Avenue,” inspired by the window displays along a boulevard that dynamically change with the season. Avenue walls are interactive themed “windows” where Apple’s products and services come to life, from music, to creativity, apps, photography and more. New “Creative Pros,” Apple experts in creative arts, offer advice and expertise at each of the displays. Customers will also find “Only at Apple” products on the Avenue, a curated collection of third-party accessories. “Genius Grove” invites customers to get support working side-by-side with Geniuses under the comfortable canopy of local trees in the heart of the store. “The Forum” is a vibrant gathering place, centered around a 6K Video Wall. It is home to “Today at Apple,” which brings to the community the world’s most talented artists, photographers, musicians, gamers, developers and entrepreneurs to inspire and educate our customers to go further with the things they are passionate about. Today at Apple includes year-round programs for kids, new monthly events for teachers, sessions for current and aspiring developers, Creative Sessions in partnership with local experts in creative arts, Game Night with editors from Apple’s App Store® and more. The Forum and Video Wall are a place of discovery, including events about the making of movies from iTunes®, or exclusive premieres of new music and music videos from Apple Music™.  “The Plaza” will be found only at Apple’s most significant stores, including Apple Union Square. It’s open to the public 24 hours a day, features public Wi-Fi and seating, and takes Today at Apple outside, with a regular weekend series of well known local acoustic performances such as Travis Hayes and global talents like Escondido, who will then give exclusive interviews about their craft in the Forum. The Plaza at Apple Union Square features a fountain by well-known San Francisco sculptor Ruth Asawa, originally commissioned in 1969, and a new work, “Love” by local artist Laura Kimpton, commissioned by Hyatt Hotels.  “The Boardroom” is an intimate space where the store’s Business Team offers hands-on advice and training to entrepreneurs, developers and other small and medium business customers. Apple’s original San Francisco store opened on Stockton Street in 2004 with about 100 employees. Having welcomed more than 20 million visitors, and seen the launch of iPhone®, iPad®, MacBook Air®, Apple TV®, Apple Watch® and more, the team moving to Apple Union Square has grown to more than 350.  While the store offers regular learning experiences in the Forum and Plaza, Apple is also committed to furthering creative arts education throughout San Francisco. Apple is working with the Ruth Asawa School of the Arts to build a visual arts lab with 45 workstations outfitted with the latest Apple products.  Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Amy Bessette Apple abessette@apple.com (408) 862-8012 Nick Leahy Apple nleahy@apple.com (408) 862-5012 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Next PostNext Walton Westphalia Development Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Fiscal Results Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Opens Development Office in Hyderabad Next PostNext Walton Westphalia Development Corporation Reports First Quarter 2017 Fiscal Results Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
CarsGuide app Available on the App Store in Google Play View VIEW 0 Cars For Sale Search Cars Used Cars Search New Cars Search Advanced Search Find a Dealer What Car Should I Buy? New Car Deals New Check out New Car Deals now. Sell My Car Start My FREE Ad Edit Your Ad Car Selling Tips Car Reviews Car Reviews by Make Car Reviews by Body Type Used Car Reviews by Make Car News Oversteer Motor Shows Concept Cars Insurance Car Advice Buyers Guide Car Finance Ask 'The Guide' Pricing & Specs Register or Sign in Log in/Sign up Guest My Shortlist 0 Register or Log in New to CarsGuide? Create an account Already Registered? Log in Car Alerts 0 Manage My Ad 0 Change My Details My Profile Logout My Profile Logout Congrats, you have added your first car to your shortlist! This is where you can view and compare all the cars in your list. Ok, got it Trending articles How to sell a car under finance Should I buy a diesel or petrol? Australian road signs for dummies How to make sure your car's tyres are safe Speed camera locations in Australia | by state What if I get booked in another state? Driving fines and penalties explained The difference between diesel and petrol cars Top eight driving myths busted Australian road rules | what you need to know Keeping young drivers safe behind the wheel How to get out of a parking fine Top five most infuriating driver habits How to choose the best way to sell your car Lane departure warning explained World's fastest cars TAGS Technology What are Apple CarPlay and Android Auto? 29 May 2017  by  Vani Naidoo , CarsGuide Apple CarPlay and Android Auto are designed to allow you to stay connected with your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. It wasn't that long ago that having a CD stacker in your car was considered high-tech, when the thought of switching seamlessly from Eminem to Green Day, with U2 and the Red Hot Chilli Peppers thrown in to the mix, had you jumping into the driver's seat at even the sniff of an opportunity. Rapidly changing technology has brought with it shining new toys which is reflected in the homes in which we live, the jobs we do and the cars we choose to drive. And of course in our mobile phones, which have quickly become an extension of how we communicate in all aspects of our lives. Such is our dependence on our phones that we can't be parted from them, even whilst driving. And being distracted by a text while in control of a three tonne vehicle can never be a good thing. Enter Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, designed to allow you to stay connected with your world with your hands on the wheel and eyes on the road. That's great, but what exactly is it? Put simply, they are third-party apps that mimic the functions of your phone and run on your car's computer interface. The idea is to access your favourite music, make calls and answer texts by using voice commands instead of your hands. The Android Auto home screen. Both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto have been around since the end of 2014 but it is only in the last year, with most manufacturers integrating them into new cars, that they have truly come into their own. The Apple CarPlay home screen. What do you need? Well, cars need to be able to support the systems in the first place. As mentioned above, most cars that are less than two years old either have capacity or can have their software upgraded to be compatible. There are after-market systems that will allow some older cars to also run with the cool kids. You need an iPhone (5 and up) to access CarPlay and an Android device for Android Auto. Pretty self explanatory, but you just never know... How do you get started? For CarPlay, you plug your iPhone into the car using a USB cable, and viola, there it is - the face of your phone on your car's multimedia screen but with a select few apps. You will recognise the icons for Phone, Music, Maps, Messages, Now Playing, Podcasts and Audio. They are big and bright and hard to miss. None of these icons can be removed but you can add a small number of apps like Spotify and Pandora. Android Auto takes a couple more steps. You need to download the app first, then sync your phone with the car, but that is usually not a tricky process. Rather than icons, the screen is a list of the activities in play at the time of use, so the music you are listening to, recent calls and messages and perhaps the place you are navigating to. There is a tab bar at the bottom which features Navigation, Calls and Messages, Home Screen, Music and Audio and Exit. Do they work on telepathy? Yes, if the voices in your head count.  Both interfaces encourage voice commands with CarPlay using 'Siri' to do your bidding and Android Auto using 'Google Now'. You have to press the voice command button or microphone on your steering wheel to offer up your wishes, although in CarPlay you can just say "Hey Siri" to get her going. Of course, you can use manual commands but the systems do prompt you to verbalise your needs instead.  What can they do for you? Both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto can replicate in the car the functions you most use on your phone when you are not driving. You can use them to make calls, listen to messages, read, answer and send texts and to listen to your favourite music and playlists. Apple CarPlay map screen. You can also use Apple maps (CarPlay) or Google maps for directions which is handy in cars that don't have built-in sat nav or to find the nearest service station or shopping centre. Android Auto map screen.  Are there any major differences? Aside from the home screen it is a case of trying to achieve the same goal in different ways. Both will lower the sound of the music when giving navigation instructions and pop the command on the top of the screen if you are in a music app for example. Both are adept at making calls and reading texts although Siri and I do tend to have differing views on pronunciation. Android Auto uses Google Maps which gets a tick from me as I find those maps more reliable and user friendly. It will highlight changing traffic conditions ahead and offer alternate routes and you can also use the pinch function to easily zoom in and out.  Android Auto's music screen. But Apple CarPlay does better with giving you access to your music than Google does with Android Auto. You can call up your full music collection and browse by song, artist, playlist, etc, while in Android Auto, although you can play and pause music from the home screen, you can't browse your collection and are restricted to playlists and the queue.  Apple CarPlay's music screen. Both interfaces have sporadic problems with Spotify, but that's the fault of the app itself.  Which one is better? Neither is perfect and in the end both accomplish the same thing. It simply comes down to whether you are an Apple or Android user. I like the functionality and ordered approach of Apple products whilst you may prefer the delights of Android. Whatever they may be. Do you think Apple CarPlay is better than Android Auto? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Continue Reading Related articles Top eight towing myths busted 17 May 2017 by Mark Oastler Five stupid things you've always wanted to do in a car, but were too afraid to try 5 May 2017 by Andrew Chesterton ​Merc's Fit & Healthy tech will make you Benz zee knees! 26 April 2017 by Stephen Corby Robots? Flying cars? No drivers? Ford Australia's boss predicts the future | Q&A 30 March 2017 by Richard Berry Why all sat nav systems are not created equal 28 March 2017 by Stephen Corby TAGS Technology Comments Get the latest news, reviews and advice every week Related articles Top eight towing myths busted 17 May 2017 by Mark Oastler Five stupid things you've always wanted to do in a car, but were too afraid to try 5 May 2017 by Andrew Chesterton ​Merc's Fit & Healthy tech will make you Benz zee knees! 26 April 2017 by Stephen Corby Robots? Flying cars? No drivers? Ford Australia's boss predicts the future | Q&A 30 March 2017 by Richard Berry Why all sat nav systems are not created equal 28 March 2017 by Stephen Corby Related pages Technology Related cars for sale Search all cars for sale About CarsGuide Careers For Dealers Media Centre Help & Security Centre Contact Us Terms • Privacy • Site Map © 2017 Carsguide.com.au. All rights reserved. ABN: 37 150 757 574 Download the CarsGuide app Partner sites: news.com.au | realestate.com.au | foxsports.com.au | taste.com.au | hipages.com.au
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Burberry plans bigger 'marketing and storytelling' push Ikea packs a bagful of tricks HS Ad India creates a nostalgic treat to celebrate LG's 20th Anniversary in India Job Switch Post your resume here Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India By Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed , Business Standard, Chennai/Bengaluru | In Digital | May 30, 2017 3SHARES Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country. Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. 3SHARES © 2017 Business Standard     Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year 'Give credit where it's due' says Google, as it la...Digital Star moves on from 'Mauka Mauka' to 'Sabse Bada Mo...Media Publishing Maggi pushes new flavours in mass media campaignAdvertising "We avoided getting into the advertising space and...Advertising Ainara Kaur launches Canvilicious- an integrated m...Digital When a newspaper brand repositioned Sunday...Media Publishing "Here the objective is behaviour change": Sagar Ka...Advertising GSK Consumer Healthcare calls creative pitch for H...Advertising Foxglove Awards 2017: Night out for BBH India and ...Advertising Epic Channel undergoes revampMedia Publishing Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup FundingMarketing "Don't join advertising; don't stay in advertising...Advertising MediaCom retains media mandate for Bosch-Siemens i...Media Planning & Buying The 10 Most Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in April...Digital British Airways on new 3-minute ad: "Flying to Lon...Digital Nearbuy founder uses FB Live to introduce the agen...Digital Larsen & Toubro Infotech launches 'LTI' as its new...Marketing Dec'16 to April'17: How Flipkart Ads' intent targe...Marketing Meet Padma Bhushan awardees turned Vodafone actors...Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor...Marketing "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos...Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek...Media Publishing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bikeAdvertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it?Advertising Performics.Resultrix makes three new senior appoin...Marketing The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2...Digital The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing...Digital afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr...Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies 6 + 1 killer tips to Startup Funding Marketing Source : Jaakko Mannisto View All Current Issue May 16-31 2017 Visualizer May 30, 2017 Supervisor - Art in Digital May 29, 2017 Client Servicing Executive May 23, 2017 Sr. Visualiser (Graphics /Print) May 16, 2017 Account Executive May 11, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Pick up a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro for $150 off at B&H today only Jacob Siegal BGR News May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple is expected to unveil new iPad Pro models in the coming weeks at WWDC, but if you don’t mind being a generation behind, you can pick up an LTE version of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with 32GB of storage for just $579 at B&H today only (h/t 9to5Toys). That’s $150 off the standard retail price of $729. Don't Miss: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for Although it can’t replace your laptop in the way that a Surface tablet can, the iPad Pro received extremely positive reviews from critics back when it launched in 2016. It’s the fastest iPad on the market and one of the slickest pieces of hardware Apple has released in the past several years. If you’re in the market for a tablet and prefer iOS to Android or Windows, you really can’t go wrong with the iPad Pro. “Apple returns to the classic iPad form factor with the gold 9.7″ iPad Pro,” reads the description on B&H. “The display features a 2048 x 1536 resolution at 264 pixels per inch (ppi). Using a DCI-P3 color space, the iPad Pro display provides a wider color gamut than standard sRGB displays. And with more available colors, the images will appear more vivid and reveal greater detail.” “The Retina Display delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness, and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, an oxide TFT panel, display lamination, an anti-reflective coating, and a variable refresh rate. The iPad Pro also features True Tone display, which uses advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to dynamically adjust white balance and brightness.” B&H only has a limited supply at this price, so be sure to act fast if you want an iPad Pro. See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech This is the best photo of the Model 3 interior we’ve seen yet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech Intel’s new Core i9 sounds like a monster BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Sprint’s LG G6 deal is good, but Best Buy’s is even better BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Square one Sony Xperia XA1 review - - - Apple releases three new ads to convince you to switch to an iPhone Post your comment Comments (99) Vlad 29 May 2017 Apple Android iOS Exactly one week ago Apple launched a revamped 'Switch' page on its website. That's the portal that's meant for people looking to switch to an iPhone, as the name implies. And with the new page came a new ad campaign as well, which debuted on the same day. A few different ads were released then, and three more have been outed today. These are all short, 15-second clips. Two of them (titled "smooth" and "security", respectively) focus on features that Apple thinks its smartphones have that the competition doesn't offer on the same level. "Your iPhone just works", Apple says with regard to 'smoothness', because it's the one designing both the hardware and the software. iPhones are more secure than their competitors because they get access to the latest updates for much longer - that's the idea pushed by the ad above. The third ad is called "contacts" and wants to assure people looking to switch that it's not going to be a hassle to take their address book with them when they come from Android. Apple's Move to iOS app can be found in the Google Play Store and its purpose is exactly to help people make the transition without any issues. Via Related articles Life is easier on iPhone, Apple tells Android users looking to switch Apple BlackOut Dates announcement suggests timely iPhone launch Apple iPhone 8 sized up against the iPhone 7s and 7s Plus Latest Apple ads paint a heart warming picture Reader comments AdamBoy64 Fv4$ 59 minutes ago Put a hardware keyboard on it and I'd think about it, Apple. Reply Anonymous 60EZ 1 hour ago i will switch to iphone if it allows me to download pirated film via torrent and supports otg without jailbreaking. Reply Qwerty2017 wrbG 1 hour ago You must be an Angel or even God if u don't feel ANYTHING after watching those misleading ads! For as long as I know mobile OS (palm, winmo, Symbian, BB, Sailfish, Firefox, WP, Moto Linux, etc), there is NO SUCH THING as an ads who SLANDER rival... Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 99 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 72,729 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 65,408 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 62,532 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 56,588 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 45,096 6. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 40,693 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 40,139 8. Xiaomi Mi 6 39,596 9. Apple iPhone 6 37,003 10. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (China) 31,199 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,198 2. OnePlus 3 1,691 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,678 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,654 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,536 6. HTC 10 1,471 7. LG G5 1,228 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,152 9. OnePlus 3T 904 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 873 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Tablets Image Source: Apple Pick up a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro for $150 off at B&H today only Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal May 29th, 2017 at 2:29 PM Share Tweet Apple is expected to unveil new iPad Pro models in the coming weeks at WWDC, but if you don’t mind being a generation behind, you can pick up an LTE version of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with 32GB of storage for just $579 at B&H today only (h/t 9to5Toys). That’s $150 off the standard retail price of $729. Don't Miss: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for Although it can’t replace your laptop in the way that a Surface tablet can, the iPad Pro received extremely positive reviews from critics back when it launched in 2016. It’s the fastest iPad on the market and one of the slickest pieces of hardware Apple has released in the past several years. If you’re in the market for a tablet and prefer iOS to Android or Windows, you really can’t go wrong with the iPad Pro. “Apple returns to the classic iPad form factor with the gold 9.7″ iPad Pro,” reads the description on B&H. “The display features a 2048 x 1536 resolution at 264 pixels per inch (ppi). Using a DCI-P3 color space, the iPad Pro display provides a wider color gamut than standard sRGB displays. And with more available colors, the images will appear more vivid and reveal greater detail.” “The Retina Display delivers greater contrast, more uniform brightness, and improved energy efficiency through photo alignment technology, an oxide TFT panel, display lamination, an anti-reflective coating, and a variable refresh rate. The iPad Pro also features True Tone display, which uses advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to dynamically adjust white balance and brightness.” B&H only has a limited supply at this price, so be sure to act fast if you want an iPad Pro. Tags: Apple, b&h, iPad Pro View Comments Trending 1 Tech New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for 2 Tech Leaked images show Samsung’s all-new, non-exploding Galaxy Note 7 3 Tech New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices 4 Tech Leak says the OnePlus 5 is set to launch very soon 5 Tech Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof Picked For You New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for By Chris Smith 17 hours ago Intel’s new Core i9 sounds like a monster By Chris Mills 12 hours ago Where does Tiger Woods rank in worst celebrity mugshots? By Mike Wehner 11 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription How Google Builds Its Maps—and What It Means for the Future of Everything An exclusive look inside Ground Truth, the secretive program to build the world's best accurate maps Most Popular Trump's Trip Was a Catastrophe for U.S.-Europe Relations David Frum May 28, 2017 My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  May 16, 2017 Why It Was Easier to Be Skinny in the 1980s Olga Khazan Sep 30, 2015 When Your Child Is a Psychopath Barbara Bradley Hagerty May 16, 2017 How Trump Is Torturing Capitol Hill Molly Ball May 29, 2017 Alexis C. Madrigal Sep 6, 2012 Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Behind every Google Map, there is a much more complex map that's the key to your queries but hidden from your view. The deep map contains the logic of places: their no-left-turns and freeway on-ramps, speed limits and traffic conditions. This is the data that you're drawing from when you ask Google to navigate you from point A to point B -- and last week, Google showed me the internal map and demonstrated how it was built. It's the first time the company has let anyone watch how the project it calls GT, or "Ground Truth," actually works. Google opened up at a key moment in its evolution. The company began as an online search company that made money almost exclusively from selling ads based on what you were querying for. But then the mobile world exploded. Where you're searching from has become almost as important as what you're searching for. Google responded by creating an operating system, brand, and ecosystem in Android that has become the only significant rival to Apple's iOS. And for good reason. If Google's mission is to organize all the world's information, the most important challenge -- far larger than indexing the web -- is to take the world's physical information and make it accessible and useful. "If you look at the offline world, the real world in which we live, that information is not entirely online," Manik Gupta, the senior product manager for Google Maps, told me. "Increasingly as we go about our lives, we are trying to bridge that gap between what we see in the real world and [the online world], and Maps really plays that part." This is not just a theoretical concern. Mapping systems matter on phones precisely because they are the interface between the offline and online worlds. If you're at all like me, you use mapping more than any other application except for the communications suite (phone, email, social networks, and text messaging). Google is locked in a battle with the world's largest company, Apple, about who will control the future of mobile phones. Whereas Apple's strengths are in product design, supply chain management, and retail marketing, Google's most obvious realm of competitive advantage is in information. Geo data -- and the apps built to use it -- are where Google can win just by being Google. That didn't matter on previous generations of iPhones because they used Google Maps, but now Apple's created its own service. How the two operating systems incorporate geo data and present it to users could become a key battleground in the phone wars. But that would entail actually building a better map. *** The office where Google has been building the best representation of the world is not a remarkable place. It has all the free food, ping pong, and Google Maps-inspired Christoph Niemann cartoons that you'd expect, but it's still a low-slung office building just off the 101 in Mountain View in the burbs. I was slated to meet with Gupta and the engineering ringleader on his team, former NASA engineer Michael Weiss-Malik, who'd spent his 20 percent time working on Google Mars, and Nick Volmar, an "operator" who actually massages map data. "So you want to make a map," Weiss-Malik tells me as we sit down in front of a massive monitor. "There are a couple of steps. You acquire data through partners. You do a bunch of engineering on that data to get it into the right format and conflate it with other sources of data, and then you do a bunch of operations, which is what this tool is about, to hand massage the data. And out the other end pops something that is higher quality than the sum of its parts." This is what they started out with, the TIGER data from the US Census Bureau (though the base layer could and does come from a variety of sources in different countries). On first inspection, this data looks great. The roads look like they are all there and you've got the freeways differentiated. This is a good map to the untrained eye. But let's look closer. There are issues where the digital data does not match the physical world. I've circled a few obvious ones below. And that's just from comparing the map to the satellite imagery. But there are also a variety of other tools at Google's disposal. One is bringing in data from other sources, say the US Geological Survey. But Google's Ground Truthers can also bring another exclusive asset to bear on the maps problem: the Street View cars' tracks and imagery. In keeping with Google's more-data-is-better-data mantra, the maps team, largely driven by Street View, is publishing more imagery data every two weeks than Google possessed total in 2006.* Let's step back a tiny bit to recall with wonderment the idea that a single company decided to drive cars with custom cameras over every road they could access. Google is up to five million miles driven now. Each drive generates two kinds of really useful data for mapping. One is the actual tracks the cars have taken; these are proof-positive that certain routes can be taken. The other are all the photos. And what's significant about the photographs in Street View is that Google can run algorithms that extract the traffic signs and can even paste them onto the deep map within their Atlas tool. So, for a particularly complicated intersection like this one in downtown San Francisco, that could look like this: Google Street View wasn't built to create maps like this, but the geo team quickly realized that computer vision could get them incredible data for ground truthing their maps. Not to detour too much, but what you see above is just the beginning of how Google is going to use Street View imagery. Think of them as the early web crawlers (remember those?) going out in the world, looking for the words on pages. That's what Street View is doing. One of its first uses is finding street signs (and addresses) so that Google's maps can better understand the logic of human transportation systems. But as computer vision and OCR improve, any word that is visible from a road will become a part of Google's index of the physical world. Later in the day, Google Maps VP Brian McClendon put it like this: "We can actually organize the world's physical written information if we can OCR it and place it," McClendon said. "We use that to create our maps right now by extracting street names and addresses, but there is a lot more there."    More like what? "We already have what we call 'view codes' for 6 million businesses and 20 million addresses, where we know exactly what we're looking at," McClendon continued. "We're able to use logo matching and find out where are the Kentucky Fried Chicken signs ... We're able to identify and make a semantic understanding of all the pixels we've acquired. That's fundamental to what we do." For now, though, computer vision transforming Street View images directly into geo-understanding remains in the future. The best way to figure out if you can make a left turn at a particular intersection is still to have a person look at a sign -- whether that's a human driving or a human looking at an image generated by a Street View car. There is an analogy to be made to one of Google's other impressive projects: Google Translate. What looks like machine intelligence is actually only a recombination of human intelligence. Translate relies on massive bodies of text that have been translated into different languages by humans; it then is able to extract words and phrases that match up. The algorithms are not actually that complex, but they work because of the massive amounts of data (i.e. human intelligence) that go into the task on the front end. Google Maps has executed a similar operation. Humans are coding every bit of the logic of the road onto a representation of the world so that computers can simply duplicate (infinitely, instantly) the judgments that a person already made. This reality is incarnated in Nick Volmar, the operator who has been showing off Atlas while Weiss-Malik and Gupta explain it. He probably uses twenty-five keyboard shortcuts switching between types of data on the map and he shows the kind of twitchy speed that I associate with long-time designers working with Adobe products or professional Starcraft players. Volmar has clearly spent thousands of hours working with this data. Weiss-Malik told me that it takes hundreds of operators to map a country. (Rumor has it many of these people work in the Bangalore office, out of which Gupta was promoted.) The sheer amount of human effort that goes into Google's maps is just mind-boggling. Every road that you see slightly askew in the top image has been hand-massaged by a human. The most telling moment for me came when we looked at couple of the several thousand user reports of problems with Google Maps that come in every day. The Geo team tries to address the majority of fixable problems within minutes. One complaint reported that Google did not show a new roundabout that had been built in a rural part of the country. The satellite imagery did not show the change, but a Street View car had recently driven down the street and its tracks showed the new road perfectly. Volmar began to fix the map, quickly drawing the new road and connecting it to the existing infrastructure. In his haste (and perhaps with the added pressure of three people watching his every move), he did not draw a perfect circle of points. Weiss-Malik and I detoured into another conversation for a couple of minutes. By the time I looked back at the screen, Volmar had redrawn the circle with perfect precision and upgraded a few other things while he was at it. The actions were impressively automatic. This is an operation that promotes perfectionism. And that's how you get your maps to look this this: Some details are worth pointing out. In the top at the center, trails have been mapped out and coded as places for walking. All the parking lots have been mapped out. All the little roads, say, to the left of the small dirt patch on the right, have also been coded. Several of the actual buildings have been outlined. Down at the bottom left, a road has been marked as a no-go. At each and every intersection, there are arrows that delineate precisely where cars can and cannot turn. Now imagine doing this for every tile on Google's map in the United States and 30 other countries over the last four years. Every roundabout perfectly circular, every intersection with the correct logic. Every new development. Every one-way street. This is a task of a nearly unimaginable scale. This is not something you can put together with a few dozen smart engineers. I came away convinced that the geographic data Google has assembled is not likely to be matched by any other company. The secret to this success isn't, as you might expect, Google's facility with data, but rather its willingness to commit humans to combining and cleaning data about the physical world. Google's map offerings build in the human intelligence on the front end, and that's what allows its computers to tell you the best route from San Francisco to Boston. *** It's probably better not to think of Google Maps as a thing like a paper map. Geographic information systems represent a jump from paper maps like the abacus to the computer. "I honestly think we're seeing a more profound change, for map-making, than the switch from manuscript to print in the Renaissance," University of London cartographic historian Jerry Brotton told the Sydney Morning Herald. "That was huge. But this is bigger." The maps we used to keep folded in our glove compartments were a collection of lines and shapes that we overlaid with human intelligence. Now, as we've seen, a map is a collection of lines and shapes with Nick Volmar's (and hundreds of others') intelligence encoded within. It's common when we discuss the future of maps to reference the Borgesian dream of a 1:1 map of the entire world. It seems like a ridiculous notion that we would need a complete representation of the world when we already have the world itself. But to take scholar Nathan Jurgenson's conception of augmented reality seriously, we would have to believe that every physical space is, in his words, "interpenetrated" with information. All physical spaces already are also informational spaces. We humans all hold a Borgesian map in our heads of the places we know and we use it to navigate and compute physical space. Google's strategy is to bring all our mental maps together and process them into accessible, useful forms. Their MapMaker product makes that ambition clear. Project managed by Gupta during his time in India, it's the "bottom up" version of Ground Truth. It's a publicly accessible way to edit Google Maps by adding landmarks and data about your piece of the world. It's a way of sucking data out of human brains and onto the Internet. And it's a lot like Google's open competitor, Open Street Map, which has proven that it, too, can harness the crowd's intelligence. As we slip and slide into a world where our augmented reality is increasingly visible to us off and online, Google's geographic data may become its most valuable asset. Not solely because of this data alone, but because location data makes everything else Google does and knows more valuable. Or as my friend and sci-fi novelist Robin Sloan put it to me, "I maintain that this is Google's core asset. In 50 years, Google will be the self-driving car company (powered by this deep map of the world) and, oh, P.S. they still have a search engine somewhere." Of course, they will always need one more piece of geographic information to make all this effort worthwhile: You. Where you are, that is. Your location is the current that makes Google's giant geodata machine run. They've built this whole playground as an elaborate lure for you. As good and smart and useful as it is, good luck resisting taking the bait. * Due to a transcription error, an earlier version of this story stated that Google published 20PB of imagery data every two weeks. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Bob Woodward Tells the Media to Calm Down “It serves no one, the media or Trump, to have an almost thermonuclear war with each other.” Ashley Bloom Kenny, Leah Varjacques, and Tynesha Foreman May 26, 2017 About the Author Alexis C. Madrigal is a staff writer at The Atlantic. He's the author of Powering the Dream: The History and Promise of Green Technology. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by BPA Agency via Reuters Trump's Trip Was a Catastrophe for U.S.-Europe Relations David Frum Angela Merkel has served formal notice that she will lead the German wandering away from the American alliance. Seven years after the end of the Second World War, on the 10th of March 1952, the governments of the United States, the United Kingdom, France, and the newly established Federal Republic of Germany received an astounding note from the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union offered to withdraw the troops that then occupied eastern Germany and to end its rule over the occupied zone. Germany would be reunited under a constitution that allowed the country freedom to choose its own social system. Germany would even be allowed to rebuild its military, and all Germans except those convicted of war crimes would regain their political rights. In return, the Allied troops in western Germany would also be withdrawn—and reunited Germany would be forbidden to join the new NATO alliance. Continue Reading All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading Reed Saxon / AP Why It Was Easier to Be Skinny in the 1980s Olga Khazan A new study finds that people today who eat and exercise the same amount as people 20 years ago are still fatter. There’s a meme aimed at Millennial catharsis called “Old Economy Steve.” It’s a series of pictures of a late-70s teenager, who presumably is now a middle-aged man, that mocks some of the messages Millennials say they hear from older generations—and shows why they’re deeply janky. Old Economy Steve graduates and gets a job right away. Old Economy Steve “worked his way through college” because tuition was $400. And so forth. We can now add another one to that list: Old Economy Steve ate at McDonald’s almost every day, and he still somehow had a 32-inch waist. A study published recently in the journal Obesity Research & Clinical Practice found that it’s harder for adults today to maintain the same weight as those 20 to 30 years ago did, even at the same levels of food intake and exercise. Continue Reading Lola Dupre When Your Child Is a Psychopath Barbara Bradley Hagerty The condition has long been considered untreatable. Experts can spot it in a child as young as 3 or 4. But a new clinical approach offers hope. This is a good day, Samantha tells me: 10 on a scale of 10. We’re sitting in a conference room at the San Marcos Treatment Center, just south of Austin, Texas, a space that has witnessed countless difficult conversations between troubled children, their worried parents, and clinical therapists. But today promises unalloyed joy. Samantha’s mother is visiting from Idaho, as she does every six weeks, which means lunch off campus and an excursion to Target. The girl needs supplies: new jeans, yoga pants, nail polish. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. At 11, Samantha is just over 5 feet tall and has wavy black hair and a steady gaze. She flashes a smile when I ask about her favorite subject (history), and grimaces when I ask about her least favorite (math). She seems poised and cheerful, a normal preteen. But when we steer into uncomfortable territory—the events that led her to this juvenile-treatment facility nearly 2,000 miles from her family—Samantha hesitates and looks down at her hands. “I wanted the whole world to myself,” she says. “So I made a whole entire book about how to hurt people.” Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters How Trump Is Torturing Capitol Hill Molly Ball As Republicans in Congress try to fend off the flurry of scandals, they are haunted by a question: Is this as good as it’s going to get? The speaker of the House strode to his lectern on a recent Thursday to confront another totally normal day on Capitol Hill: health care, tax reform, a president under investigation, rumblings of impeachment. “Morning, everybody!” Paul Ryan chirped. “Busy week!” It was indeed: Less than a day had passed since the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s involvement in the presidential campaign; just a few hours since President Trump angrily tweeted that the investigation was “the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!”; and only minutes since the Russia-linked former national-security adviser, Michael Flynn, had begun defying congressional subpoenas. A few days prior, the president had been accused of revealing sensitive intelligence information to the Russian foreign minister. Continue Reading Nati Harnik / AP / 21kompot /Katie Martin / The Atlantic The Disappearance of Virtue From American Politics Emma Green In his new book, Ben Sasse has identified the right project for America: rehabilitating a shared moral language. In just two short years, Senator Ben Sasse has gone from Capitol Hill newbie to digital president puncher, tweeting about Donald Trump’s affairs and the Midwestern dumpster fires he found more appealing than 2016’s Oval Office contenders. Yet, on his breaks from Twitter, Sasse managed to craft a serious new book, The Vanishing American Adult. It advances a thesis that’s at once out of place at this political moment and almost too on-the-nose for the Trump years: He believes Americans have lost their sense of personal integrity and discipline. For the country to deal with the troubles ahead—including automation, political disengagement, and the rise of nativist, huckster politicians, he says—people must recover their sense of virtue. The republic depends on it. Continue Reading Mauricio Alejo How to Sleep James Hamblin Should you drink more coffee? Should you take melatonin? Can you train yourself to need less sleep? A physician’s guide to sleep in a stressful age. During residency, I worked hospital shifts that could last 36 hours, without sleep, often without breaks of more than a few minutes. Even writing this now, it sounds to me like I’m bragging or laying claim to some fortitude of character. I can’t think of another type of self-injury that might be similarly lauded, except maybe binge drinking. Technically the shifts were 30 hours, the mandatory limit imposed by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education, but we stayed longer because people kept getting sick. Being a doctor is supposed to be about putting other people’s needs before your own. Our job was to power through. The shifts usually felt shorter than they were, because they were so hectic. There was always a new patient in the emergency room who needed to be admitted, or a staff member on the eighth floor (which was full of late-stage terminally ill people) who needed me to fill out a death certificate. Sleep deprivation manifested as bouts of anger and despair mixed in with some euphoria, along with other sensations I’ve not had before or since. I remember once sitting with the family of a patient in critical condition, discussing an advance directive—the terms defining what the patient would want done were his heart to stop, which seemed likely to happen at any minute. Would he want to have chest compressions, electrical shocks, a breathing tube? In the middle of this, I had to look straight down at the chart in my lap, because I was laughing. This was the least funny scenario possible. I was experiencing a physical reaction unrelated to anything I knew to be happening in my mind. There is a type of seizure, called a gelastic seizure, during which the seizing person appears to be laughing—but I don’t think that was it. I think it was plain old delirium. It was mortifying, though no one seemed to notice. Continue Reading Oregon Historical Society The Racist History of Portland, the Whitest City in America Alana Semuels It’s known as a modern-day hub of progressivism, but its past is one of exclusion.   PORTLAND, Ore.— Victor Pierce has worked on the assembly line of a Daimler Trucks North America plant here since 1994. But he says that in recent years he’s experienced things that seem straight out of another time. White co-workers have challenged him to fights, mounted “hangman’s nooses” around the factory, referred to him as “boy” on a daily basis, sabotaged his work station by hiding his tools, carved swastikas in the bathroom, and written the word “nigger” on walls in the factory, according to allegations filed in a complaint to the Multnomah County Circuit Court in February of 2015. Pierce is one of six African Americans working in the Portland plant whom the lawyer Mark Morrell is representing in a series of lawsuits against Daimler Trucks North America. The cases have been combined and a trial is scheduled for January of 2017. Continue Reading Disney Johnny Depp Can't Escape His Own Superstardom David Sims Facing reported financial problems and allegations of abuse, the once-bankable star now seems stuck in franchise hell with no obvious exit. When Johnny Depp sailed onscreen in 2003’s Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl as Captain Jack Sparrow (to this day, a memorable superhero entrance), it was his first-ever appearance in a summer blockbuster. He’d been in surprise wintertime hits (Edward Scissorhands, Sleepy Hollow), well-regarded Oscar players (Donnie Brasco, Chocolat), and, of course, many a cult classic (Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Ed Wood). But the idea of Depp headlining a big-budget, mainstream franchise film was alarming enough to Disney’s then-studio head Michael Eisner that he protested, on seeing early footage, that Depp was “ruining the movie!” Fourteen years later, Disney is serving up a fifth Pirates of the Caribbean, this time subtitled Dead Men Tell No Tales, budgeted at a cool $230 million. Since bursting into international superstardom with the first Pirates, Depp has become increasingly reliant on mega-budgeted action films and broad comedies. At the same time, his public profile has collapsed after his now ex-wife Amber Heard accused him of domestic violence during their divorce, and stories emerged of the mega-budgeted lifestyle that had somehow mired Depp in deep financial trouble despite his movie earnings. Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters The Upcoming Votes Republicans Are Really Dreading Russell Berman In the next two months, Congress will have to raise the debt ceiling and pass a budget. GOP leaders don’t know how they’re going to do either of them. There’s nothing that united Republicans more tightly during the Obama years than their shared criticism of all the debt that racked up under the president’s watch. They raised political hell every time Democrats needed to raise the debt ceiling, and in 2011 they brought the country to the brink of default by insisting on spending and reforms in exchange for their votes. This year, however, it’s all on them. Trump administration officials told lawmakers this week that the Treasury Department would need authority to issue more debt earlier than expected this year, urging Congress to act before its traditional summer recess begins in August. Republican leaders initially believed they would have until the fall before the Treasury Department exhausted the “extraordinary measures” it undertakes to buy more time, but Trump’s budget director, Mick Mulvaney, testified that tax receipts have come in slower that expected. Continue Reading A New Understanding of the Childhood Brain Nicolas Pollock Uncovering the link between early trauma and lifelong illness Watch Video Bob Woodward Tells the Media to Calm Down Ashley Bloom Kenny, Leah Varjacques, and Tynesha Foreman “It serves no one, the media or Trump, to have an almost thermonuclear war with each other.” Watch Video 'Don't Sneak': A Father's Command to His Gay Son in the 1950s Nadine Ajaka In a StoryCorps animation, Patrick Haggerty remembers the remarkable advice he got from his dairy farmer dad. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Technology Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week Monday May 29, 2017 12:18 pm PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide Developers Conference next week. The delivery estimates lend credence to a report claiming Apple plans to announce new MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook models at the WWDC keynote on June 5. The notebooks are expected to receive internal improvements only, including an upgrade to Intel's faster Kaby Lake processors. 13-inch MacBook Pro models remain in stock for delivery as early as tomorrow in the United States and several other countries. It's unclear if that's because Apple plans to refresh only the 15-inch MacBook Pro next week, or if supplies of the 13-inch models are simply more plentiful ahead of WWDC. Kaby Lake processors appropriate for a 13-inch MacBook Pro appear to be readily available, so a refresh shouldn't be ruled out. Nevertheless, Apple has staggered the release of the MacBook Pro in the past. In 2015, for example, it released a 13-inch model in March, and a 15-inch model in May. In 2012, Apple unveiled the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display at WWDC in June, while a 13-inch model didn't launch until October. A spot check shows 15-inch MacBook Pro delivery estimates are similarly as long in the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Netherlands, Singapore, Spain, and several other countries. Apple last refreshed the MacBook Pro in October 2016, after the notebook went 527 days without being updated. By comparison, only 220 days will have passed if Apple launches new MacBook Pro models on June 5, below the average timeframe of 320 days between any two MacBook Pro generations. (Thanks, Martin!) Related Roundups: MacBook Pro, WWDC 2017 Tag: Apple retail Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Caution) [ 260 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) aaronhead14 12 hours ago at 12:21 pm #BringBackSDCardSlot Rating: 47 Votes Larry The L 12 hours ago at 12:24 pm ... that's weird. i thought that macbook is selling so INCREDIBLY well, why does it need an update after such a short period of time? ;-) You guys are incredible. If apple doesn't update you complain. If apple does update, you complain. You might be happier with a windows machine. Rating: 45 Votes joshwenke 12 hours ago at 12:19 pm Apple, please amaze me... or you'll be amazed by how fast I stop supporting you guys. I've been barely holding on for too long, this is your last shot. Rating: 39 Votes Larry The L 12 hours ago at 12:25 pm Apple, please amaze me... or you'll be amazed by how fast I stop supporting you guys. I've been barely holding on for too long, this is your last shot. Trust me, apple doesn't care if you move over to Windows. No one else does either. Bye Rating: 37 Votes Stella 12 hours ago at 12:22 pm Reduce the price and include a more powerful GPU! Rating: 27 Votes kinster 12 hours ago at 12:25 pm Apple, please amaze me... or you'll be amazed by how fast I stop supporting you guys. I've been barely holding on for too long, this is your last shot. I think they are running scared right now. Rating: 26 Votes aaronhead14 12 hours ago at 12:22 pm ^No, my last post isn't a joke. I'm serious. This product needs an SD card slot. Rating: 22 Votes franky303 11 hours ago at 12:45 pm Im gonna say it...but I have to say it.... I JUST SPENT 4 THOUSAND DOLLARS ON A TOP OF THE LINE VERSION OF THIS MACBOOK TWO MONTHS AGO! AND IT GETS DEVALUED ALREADY?!?!?!?! Here is the shocking news: it was NEVER worth the $4000 (4999 Euro in Europe) Rating: 19 Votes franky303 12 hours ago at 12:23 pm Someone I work with really needs a new MBP, I am really hoping (though not expecting) they add a port or two back. But I would guess this will probably just be a minor performance bump. educated guess: they've removed the headphone jack and some fanboys will be very happy about it, because the price has only increased 30% this time (as opposed to 40% last year) ;-) Rating: 15 Votes fidelisimo 10 hours ago at 01:54 pm Hoping a 15" WITHOUT Touchbar is one of the new options! Rating: 12 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Maps Now Shows Apple Park 3D Models, Campus Walkways 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple has quietly updated its Maps app to include additional 3D coverage of the new Apple Park campus location in Cupertino, California. The enhanced detail includes a "Map" view with... 29 comments U.S. Could Expand Tablet and Laptop Ban to All International Flights 20 hours ago on iOS Blog The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is considering expanding its carry-on restrictions for electronic devices to include flights departing from the United States, according to CNN. In... 79 comments Apple's Last 17-Inch MacBook Pro Set to Become Obsolete 21 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will soon make the Mid-2011 MacBook Air and Late 2011 MacBook Pro obsolete, meaning the two models will no longer be accepted for official repair in Apple Stores from June 30. The... 66 comments Siri Bug Allows Cellular Data to be Disabled From Lock Screen Without a Passcode 3 days ago on iOS Blog A reddit user has discovered what appears to be a Siri-related bug that allows access to a locked iPhone's Cellular Data options without a passcode. As shown in the screenshot below, when... 80 comments Review: Apple's Beddit Sleep Monitor Offers a Comprehensive Look at Sleep Quality 4 days ago on iOS Blog Earlier this month, Apple purchased its first company that develops health-related hardware, Beddit. Beddit makes an iPhone-connected Sleep Monitor that tracks a wide range of sleep-related metrics,... 24 comments TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Steredenn, Fidget Spinner Apps, Prison Architect, and More 4 days ago on iOS Blog In case you missed the post last week, once again this is Eli Hodapp, and I'm Editor in Chief of MacRumors' iOS gaming sister site TouchArcade. We're putting together these weekly... 5 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Copy of 'Total War: WARHAMMER' From Feral Interactive 4 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Feral Interactive to give MacRumors readers a chance to win a copy of real-time strategy game Total War: WARHAMMER, which became available for... 5 comments Best Buy Memorial Day Sale Savings on Apple Watch, Mac Notebooks, 9.7-Inch iPad Pro, and More 4 days ago on iOS Blog Best Buy today launched a four-day-long Memorial Day sale that has markdowns on quite a few Apple products, including Apple Watch, iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPad, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. The... 27 comments • Bear 1.2 Brings Sketching, New Icons, and VoiceOver to Note-Taking App (6) • Feral Updates 'Sid Meier's Railroads!' for macOS Compatibility (30) • Magikarp Jump Launches as Latest Pokémon Game for iPhone and iPad (17) • Microsoft Announces 'Mixer Create' iOS App for On-The-Go Live Streaming of iPhone Games (6) • New Images Provide Detailed Glimpse Into Apple Orchard Road in Singapore (27) • New Qualcomm Court Filing Wants iPhone Suppliers to Pay Royalties Amid Battle With Apple (44) • Readdle Adds Cross-App Drag and Drop Functionality to Documents, PDF Expert, Scanner Pro and Spark on iPad (19)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Waking Mars' , 2012 Game of the Year, Gets Update for 64-Bit Compatibility Check Out These Behind-the-Scenes Images of 'Vignettes' 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Wants You to Catch the Bouquet in its Latest Event Budget Un'Goro Decks, Wild Tournament Talk, Twitch Streamers and More 'Hearthstone' Weekly News in 'Touchstone' #99 Best iPhone Game Updates: 'Onirim', 'Fallout Shelter', 'Nimian Legends: BrightRidge', 'Disney Magic Kingdoms', and More Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 3 Apple on Monday shared a trio of geeky ads that are part of its new campaign aimed at persuading Android users to make the leap to the iconic smartphone. Published on Apple’s official YouTube channel, the new mini-ads, running sixteen seconds each, promote the company’s ability to roll out important security fixes fast via iOS software updates. Apple is also praising the smartphone’s smooth, stutter-free performance while highlighting easy contact transfer via the Move to iOS app for those who would gladly switch to an iPhone. Smooth “We design the hardware and the software so your iPhone just works,” says Apple. Security “Access to the latest updates keeps your iPhone secure,” reads the description. Contacts “Switch to iPhone,” reads the video’s description. “The Move to iOS app makes it simple to move your contacts, photos, and more to iPhone.” The new ads use the tagline “Life’s easier when you switch to iPhone” and direct viewers to the recently revamped ”Switch to iPhone” webpage at apple.com/switch. Apple’s mini-website for switchers now includes useful new sections covering topics like in-house designed iPhone chips, powerful cameras, easy of use, customer support and more. Do you like Apple’s new ads? Do they manage to sell folks on the merits of iPhones, do you think? Let us know by leaving a comment below. Tagged: Ad Advertising Android Apple iOS iPhone Marketing News Security Video MORE FROM iDB Latest iPhone 7 ad is all about iMessage stickers Watch Apple’s new video showcasing what iOS 10’s Home app is capable of Apple’s new videos aim to lure Android users into switching to iPhone Rondog Actually a few of my friends are leaving iphones for Samsung phones, mainly because idevices are getting more difficult to jailbreak. Samsung phones are easier to customize the way we want them to look. AMB_07 1st video is a bit misleading if they are referring to modern Android phones, it’s not 2010 anymore. Unless this is about your old phone or one of those super cheap phones. Marlon Brown How come i dont get these ads in Jamaica Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to change iPhone keyboard layout Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Video: Samsung’s stretchable AMOLED prototype display in action Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations Accessories New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Prevent WannaCry Malware Variants by Disabling This Windows 10 Setting Security Windows Prevent WannaCry Malware Variants by Disabling This Windows 10 Setting Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? iPhone and iPad Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? Khamosh Pathak May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 6 minutes Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Assistant began life as an exclusive feature for Google Pixel phones. But now it’s slowly starting to spread its wings. First, modern Android devices running Marshmallow and Nougat got it, Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google is beginning to roll Google Assistant out to more smartphones. Unfortunately, the majority of Android handsets are not included in this initial rollout thanks to fragmentation. Read More  and now it’s available as a standalone app for the iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Google has done the unthinkable and brought Google Assistant to the iPhone. Google Assistant is Google's answer to Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, and Amazon's Alexa. Read More (in the U.S.). It’s no secret that when it comes to online services, Google is much better at it than Apple. And when MKBHD compared Siri on iOS vs Google Assistant on Android, Google Assistant threw quite a lot of punches. But how does Google Assistant work on the iPhone? What exactly does it do? And is it worth your time? Setting Up and Using Google Assistant on iPhone Setting up Google Assistant on iPhone is really easy. If you already use a Google app on your iPhone and you’re logged in, you’ll see an option to continue with the same account. You’re then taken to Google Assistant’s conversational interface. This is similar to Siri, only with less of a The Dark Knight feel and more of a daytime talk show vibe. There’s a microphone button at the bottom. Tap it and start talking to your assistant. As the speech recognition engine is backed by Google it’s actually really good at picking up what you say (although as it’s U.S. only right now, there’s no option to change the language). That’s mostly what Google wants you to do with this app: talk, explore, get answers, do things. Google Assistant has another party trick up its sleeve. Tap on the faded keyboard button in the bottom-right and up pops the keyboard Did Google Make the Best iPhone Keyboard Yet? Meet Gboard Did Google Make the Best iPhone Keyboard Yet? Meet Gboard Google recently launched a new keyboard for iPhones called Gboard, and it's exclusively available on iOS right now. It's also probably the best mobile keyboard you have ever used. Read More . You can now type to Google Assistant and ask for help when you can’t summon it with your voice (something you can’t do with Siri). You’ll see a floating Assistant icon in the top right. Once you tap it you’ll find the Explore and My Stuff tabs. Explore tab lists things you can ask Assistant to do for you and My Stuff lets you view your reminders, agenda, shopping list and shortcuts all in one page. To go to Settings or Account, tap on the three-dot menu in the top-right. The Flash Briefing feature is also present but you need to enable new sources from Settings first. Google has also made it easy (well, as easy as it can be) to start talking to Google Assistant. If you have an iPhone 6s or above, you can just 3D Touch Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone 3D touch is really just a fancy name for a pressure-sensitive screen, but adds a whole array of extra input options to iOS. Read More the Assistant app icon and tap on the widget to start talking to Assistant. You can also add the widget to your Today View iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use Apple's new widgets in iOS 10 might not seem like a big deal, but developers have already made great use of this new function. Here's how to use them. Read More to start talking to it directly from the Lock screen. Siri Has Home Field Advantage Siri is integrated into iOS. It has system level access to your data, it can perform system level tasks and is accessible from anywhere. Google Assistant has none of those privileges. You can just press and hold the Home button on your iPhone to talk to Siri. If you’re using iPhone 6s or above, you can even set up “Hey Siri” functionality Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Here's how Apple's hands-free "Hey Siri" command can make your life easier. Read More that lets you talk to Siri without even touching your phone. To talk to Google Assistant, you have to unlock your iPhone and at least tap once (even if it is to 3D Touch the app icon from your Home screen). And once you start talking to Assistant, Siri’s home field advantage just grows. If you’re like me, you use Siri to run iPhone errands for you The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question Siri can do a lot for you, but did you know she could do this much? Here's an exhaustive list of commands Siri will take. Read More . Calling someone, leaving someone an iMessage, setting an alarm, opening apps, toggling settings, adding things to Reminders app Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Don't waste your money on a third-party app, just use Apple free iPhone and Mac apps. Read More , and so on. It’s these system-level tasks where Google Assistant doesn’t do so well or outright fails. When you ask Assistant to call someone for you, it will throw up a popup that you need to tap before it can connect the call for you. Sending an iMessage isn’t possible. Neither is setting an alarm, changing settings or controlling HomeKit accessories. You can ask Assistant to remind you about something but it won’t add it to the Reminders app — it will be stored in your Google account instead. Google Assistant Is Great for All Things Google Then what is Google Assistant actually good for? Searching for one This Cool Website Will Teach You Hundreds of Google Search Tips This Cool Website Will Teach You Hundreds of Google Search Tips Anyone can use Google search to a satisfactory degree, but if you really want to get fast and accurate results, you'll want to learn these simple but amazing tips. Read More . And because Siri integrates with Bing search, these are exactly the things Siri isn’t so good at. Whether it’s asking difficult time zone conversion questions, looking for a restaurant nearby, doing complex math, looking up trivia, or just looking at pictures of cats, Assistant does it right, almost every time. Google is also better at follow up questions and remembering the context. You can ask Google how far a city is and what’s the temperature there without repeating its name. Then there’s the extended Google apps and services family. If you’re one of those people who use Google’s suite of products on iPhone (Google Maps, Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Keep, etc.) you’ll find that Google Assistant is actually helpful. You can ask Google for directions to a place and they’ll open directly in Google Maps Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze and Google Maps are both solid navigation apps, but which one is the best? Read More . And then there are some things you don’t even need to open the specific apps for. Just tell Assistant to send a mail to one of your contacts and it’ll be drafted right there. You can also directly add events to your Google calendar from here. The same goes for adding things to your shopping list. But there are also some weird outliers. When I asked Assistant to play YouTube videos, it opened YouTube website in Safari instead of the YouTube app. I also wasn’t able to get it to play songs in Play Music 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music In this article, we'll introduce you to some cool things you can do with Google Play Music that both beginners and veterans alike may not be aware of, but should make use of. Read More . A Note About Privacy Google Assistant records your voice and sends it to its servers. If you give it permission, it also records the location where you interacted with it. Plus, some functionality requires you to give it access to your contacts. Of course, Apple also does all of that but Apple’s privacy policy is better than Google’s. Google is known to use user’s information like their preferences and location to serve them ads. Apple encrypts the data that’s sent to their servers. If you’re all in on Google’s ecosystem, you might have accepted it as the price to pay for the convenience of the service What Does Google Know About You? Find Out and Manage Your Privacy and Security What Does Google Know About You? Find Out and Manage Your Privacy and Security For the first time, search giant Google is offering a way for you to check the information it has about you, how it is gathering that data, and new tools to start reclaiming your privacy. Read More . Or you trust Google’s privacy policy (they do encrypt your data). Rest assured that as Assistant is an app, it can’t access any of your personal details stored in the device or specific features that you don’t give it access to. If you’re not comfortable with Google accessing your location, recording your voice and the conversation data, you should stay away from the Assistant app. Should You Be Using Google Assistant on iPhone? Google Assistant isn’t a replacement for Siri on the iPhone. Overall, Google Assistant might be a better voice assistant. But on the iPhone, it can’t hold a candle to Siri. Because Siri is a default, it’s not a fair comparison. If you’re a prolific user of Google’s services, it might be worth looking into Google Assistant. Right now the iPhone app can only perform a subset of tasks compared to its Android counterpart 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do Android's version of Siri -- Google Assistant -- is more powerful than most people realize. Read More . But it’ll only get better. For specific things like searching for answers, and interacting with Google services, it is better than Siri. But if you’re all in on Apple and use iCloud services Better Than iCloud? 6 Superior Cloud Services for Apple Users Better Than iCloud? 6 Superior Cloud Services for Apple Users In some ways, the things that make Apple such a great hardware and software company make it bad at the cloud. Read More , Google Assistant might not be that useful for you. The Future of Google Assistant Google Assistant just made its way to the iPhone and it’s only available in the U.S. right now. Broadly speaking, Assistant is still new. Until a couple of months ago, it was exclusive to Pixel devices, Google Home and Google Allo app. Google is good at making small and consistent improvements to its software (a skill Apple should learn). And Google Assistant is at the beginning of that process. In the next few months, Google Assistant will get a lot more interesting, and a lot more useful — even for iPhone users. Just like Amazon Alexa 18 Awesome New Amazon Alexa Skills You Need to Try 18 Awesome New Amazon Alexa Skills You Need to Try The Amazon Echo's list of skills is growing all the time. Let's take a look at the most useful and silliest skills from the past few months. Read More , Google will add third party developer integrations. This will open up a whole new world of interaction. Google’s augmented reality feature, Google Lens, is also coming to Google Assistant All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Google is adding a bunch of new features to Google Photos. All of which should help make Google Photos even more of an essential app than it is already. Read More in a couple of months. Do you find Google Assistant’s capabilities useful enough that you’ll start using it? Image Credit: Katyr via Shutterstock.com Previous PostMove Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Khamosh Pathak 34 articles Khamosh Pathak is a freelance technology writer and User Experience Designer. When he's not helping people make the best of their current technology, he's helping clients design better apps and websites. In his free time, you'll find him watching comedy specials on Netflix and trying once again, to get through… Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Smart Home 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Advertisement Related Articles This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Should You Be Using Google Photos on Your iPhone? iPhone and iPad Should You Be Using Google Photos on Your iPhone? Stay Anonymous Online With the 5 Hottest Yik Yak Alternatives Social Media Security Stay Anonymous Online With the 5 Hottest Yik Yak Alternatives Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / iPhone > Your Phone? Apple goes on the offensive in bid to lure Android users iPhone > Your Phone? Apple goes on the offensive in bid to lure Android users by Chris Smith 12 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple has released a series of new ‘Switch’ commercials it hopes will convince Android users to slide over to a new life on iOS with the iPhone. In the first video entitled Security, Apple attacks Android’s inability to keep out the bad guys, while Smooth hits out at perceived Android glitches. The final video, called Contacts, simply outlines how easy it is for Android users to migrate their contacts to the iPhone. Each of the ads presents a simple, short message Apple hopes will catch on as we move towards the business end of the year for the iPhone and iOS. The campaign is a definite step-up in Apple’s attempts to lure people to ‘Move to iOS’ from the rival platform. There’s even a hint of the old Mac vs PC ads in there. The company also has a well-functioning app that makes it easy to shift data from the Android platform over to a brand new iPhone. Move to iOS will transfer contacts, photos, message history, web bookmarks, mail accounts, calendars and some free apps (providing they’re available on both stores). While today’s commercials represent a more aggressive pitch from Apple, the firm failed to go for the jugular. With iOS 11 set to arrive for the vast majority of iDevice owners this year, Android Nougat is only running on around 7% of Android devices, despite its release last autumn. Are you an Android user considering the leap into enemy territory? Or are you Android for life? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay APPLE IPHONE SE 16GB 64GB GSM Worldwide GSM Unlocked Smartphone $289.99 View Item Apple iPhone 6+ Plus-16GB 64GB GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gold Gray Silver* $369.95 View Item Apple iPhone 6+ Plus-16GB 64GB GSM Factory Unlocked Smartphone Gold Gray Silver* $369.95 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed At Android Users Posted: May 29 2017, 1:12pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Apple     The Apple Switch campaign continues with three new TV ads. Apple has not forgotten that there are people out there using Android phones. Today Apple released three new TV commercials promoting Apple's Switch campaign. Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock The three very simplistic 15 seconds ads promote the iPhone has more secure, faster and that the iOS app makes it simple to move contacts, photos, and more from an Android phone to iPhone. Watch the three new commercials below. Apple has released two ads a week ago in the same style about music and photos. The ads wants viewers to visit the apple.com/switch site. The site answers questions like " Will it be easy to switch to iPhone?" and "Is the camera as good as they say?" and "Why is iPhone so fast?" The next iPhone will be marking the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. Without the iPhone, Apple would not in any way as big as the company is today. Apple is rumored to release the iPhone 8 this fall along with the iPhone 7S. The iPhone 8 is has begun to leak. The edge-to-edge design with vertical dual camera setup is making the rounds as CAD files and dummies. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News iPhone 8 Requires New Apps 15 minutes ago Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla is the Future of Tech 17 hours ago, 8:09am CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 20 hours ago, 5:51am CDT Install Galaxy S8 Weather Widget on your iPhone running iOS 10 1 day ago, 10:31am CDT System Camera Pick: Panasonic Lumix GX850 1 minute ago ARMS for Nintendo Switch TV Commercial Released 48 minutes ago Finding a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day 2017 13 hours ago, 12:55pm CDT 7 Things That You Didn’t Know about Nintendo 13 hours ago, 12:45pm CDT Rolls-Royce Unveils Sweptail, World's Most Expensive Car 17 hours ago, 8:19am CDT BMW M8 Teased for Le Mans 17 hours ago, 8:14am CDT E3 2017: Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood will be Playable 17 hours ago, 8:10am CDT Final Fantasy VII Remake Undergoes Major Change in Development 17 hours ago, 8:04am CDT Tesla Model 3 Best Wild Release Candidate Video is Here 18 hours ago, 8:00am CDT New Hair Growth Directly Triggered by Immune Cells in the Skin 18 hours ago, 7:53am CDT Mercedes-AMG Reveals its F1-Based Project One Hypercar Specs 18 hours ago, 7:50am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Finding a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day 2017 Best Science Stories of the Week   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals and Sales Apple iPhone 8 Requires New Apps 15 minutes ago Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla is the Future of Tech 17 hours ago, 8:09am CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 20 hours ago, 5:51am CDT Install Galaxy S8 Weather Widget on your iPhone running iOS 10 1 day ago, 10:31am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News System Camera Pick: Panasonic Lumix GX850 1 minute ago iPhone 8 Requires New Apps 15 minutes ago ARMS for Nintendo Switch TV Commercial Released 48 minutes ago Finding a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day 2017 13 hours ago, 12:55pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth City Guide Events Video Restaurants + Bars Entertainment Arts Society Sports City Life Fashion + Beauty Real Estate Home + Design Innovation Travel Cities Austin Dallas Houston San Antonio Fort Worth GO GO Restaurants + Bars THE LATEST Houston Bar in Hall of Fame Esquire adds Southern-inspired cocktail bar in Houston to Hall of Fame By Eric Sandler Introducing Coral Sword Houston's best barista and baseball star unite for gaming coffee shop By Eric Sandler What's Eric Eating Episode 5 All-BBQ edition of What's Eric Eating breaks down winners and losers By CultureMap Staff SPONSORED BY Entertainment THE LATEST Movie Review Paris Can Wait has plenty of charm but not much soul By Alex Bentley U2 in Concert at NRG Everything old is new again at powerful U2 concert with last surprise By Eric Sandler Weekend events planner Here are the top 10 things to do in Houston this weekend By Marcy de Luna SPONSORED BY Arts THE LATEST The Review Is In Houston Ballet's puzzling The Tempest overwhelms and underwhelms By Joseph Campana Homelands and Histories New MFAH photography exhibition brings lost homelands to Houston By Tarra Gaines The Review Is In Fun Home's song-filled journey creates unique theatergoing experience By Tarra Gaines SPONSORED BY Society THE LATEST Audrey Hepburn Society Ball Michael Bolton, Angie Harmon show love and tenderness for UNICEF ball By Marcy de Luna Celebrating the United Kingdom Duchess of York is life of the party at British-themed Virtuosi gala By Clifford Pugh Evening In the Park Gala Hermann Park Gala celebrates Japanese Garden's milestone anniversary By Marcy de Luna SPONSORED BY Sports THE LATEST Ken Hoffman Live At the ballpark with Reid Ryan: Astros prez makes pitch to millennials By Ken Hoffman It's a Home run Astros stars take night off from baseball to team up for kids, canines By Marcy de Luna Classic Scenes Fun times at JJ Watt Charity Classic with Texans stars and Terminator By Marcy de Luna SPONSORED BY City Guide THE LATEST Entertainment Zoya Tommy Contemporary Restaurants Il Mascalzone - Shepherd Shops American Apparel SPONSORED BY Events THE LATEST 5.30.17 | 9:00 am Holocaust Museum Houston presents Barbara Hines: "A Celebration of Survival" closing day 5.30.17 | 7:00 pm Liquid Assets Houston presents Spring Awakenings: Global Libations, Local Creations 5.30.17 | 8:00 pm Jethro Tull by Ian Anderson in concert SPONSORED BY Subscribe City Life THE LATEST This Week's Hot Headlines Hot new restaurant and Hoffman's first column top this week's stories By Eric Sandler Pethouse Pet of the Week Pethouse Pet of the Week: Achilles riffs on Hoffman, Mattress Mack By Ken Hoffman Super Bowl Wrap-up Could 'bathroom bill' stall another Houston Super Bowl? By Clifford Pugh SPONSORED BY Fashion + Beauty THE LATEST International Collaboration Pop-up tea party celebrates fashion collaboration with flamingo spirit By Clifford Pugh Looking Good Finally! Eyeglass favorite Warby Parker has plans for The Heights By Eric Sandler More Than A Dress Designer competition wows with dazzling styles and inspiring stories By Heather Staible SPONSORED BY Real Estate THE LATEST First-Timer Friendly 2 Texas cities land on list of 10 best for first-time homebuyers By Lindsey Wilson Bigger and Better Central Market makeover: Olive oil is the new wine in foodie heaven By Clifford Pugh On The Market Home of legendary heart surgeon is on the market for $4.5 million By Clifford Pugh SPONSORED BY Home + Design THE LATEST Green Thumb 6 expert ways to save on your garden renovation By Lauren Dunec Hoang, Houzz Stars of Design Stars of design honored amid trendy talk at Decorative Center Market By Clifford Pugh Houston Home Tour Modern architecture honors Hindu heritage for three generations By John Hill, Houzz SPONSORED BY Innovation THE LATEST Love Where You Work Houston hospital giants rank high on list of nation's best employers By Nicole Raney Booze News Boozy new delivery service launches in Houston By Nicole Raney A Growing Market Medical marijuana reaches Texas milestone with three growers selected By John Egan SPONSORED BY Travel THE LATEST Lackluster Landmark? Legendary San Antonio landmark dissed as worst tourist trap in Texas By John Egan Really, it's true No need to leave town: Houston is one of nation's best vacation spots By Clifford Pugh It's Getting Hot Barbecue superhero Aaron Franklin's food festival debuts in Austin By Claudia Alarcon SPONSORED BY Video CM Events Home » City Life Insect Alert Houston feels bite of ranking among 10 worst US cities for mosquitoes This week's hot headlines Caswell's new restaurant, Denton Cooley's mansion rank as top stories LATEST NEWS Paris Can Wait has plenty of charm but not much soul The Best things in Life Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer By Lauramay LaChance 5.29.17 | 1:07 pm If it gets too warm to sunbathe on the Menil Collection lawn, you can always go inside (with a coverup). The museum, open Wednesday through Sunday, is always free. Tumblr If you know where to look, you can find some pretty amazing things to do for free in Houston. Any day of the week you can watch the bat colony takeoff at sunset at the Waugh Drive Bridge or explore the 7,800 acres of George Bush Park in west Houston. Get a run in along Buffalo Bayou (with killer city photo ops) and let the kids press the big red button to make the bayou burp. You can spend your afternoon soaking up the sun at one of the many free public beaches in Galveston or escape the heat and get lost in a good read at Becker's Books, Murder By The Book, or any of Houston's other independent bookstores. Wander past the uber cool Beer Can House or stroll down the Kemah Boardwalk for Instagram-worthy views of Clear Lake and Galveston Bay. And for cultural excitement, check out the hidden murals throughout the city on a self-guided tour (with the help of this map). The city is bursting with things to do. Here are 18 free things you should check out in H-Town this summer, from unique date night ideas to yoga and fitness classes, and even ways to keep your kids learning during their summer break. 1. Send Your Kid to Apple Camp Yes, really. The Apple Store actually has a camp for kids, ages 8-12, where they can get creative with hands-on digital projects with the help of Apple experts. These three-day, 90-minute Apple Camps tend to fill up quickly so register early. 2. Play Bar Trivia with Geeks Who Drink With a name like Geeks Who Drink, you know their trivia game is legit. This Denver-based group has actual "quizmasters" who create their unique bar trivia questions. Games are hosted at different bars and breweries like the Barking Pig, Little Woodrow’s, and Town and City Brewing Company, among dozens of others and played in fun-loving, smack-talking kind of way. And of course there’s completion so bring your friends, preferably your quick-thinking friends. 3. Tour a Local Brewery Aspiring brew masters and hopheads, head to your nearest brewery in town to get schooled on things like how to incorporate new ingredients into your brew and why some styles have more alcohol content over others. Of the 20 or so breweries in Houston, you can find a handful that offer free brewery tours like these: 8th Wonder Brewery Karbach Brewing Co Platypus Brewing 4. Splash Away at Schlitterbahn Waterpark In celebration of American Heroes Week, 5/29 – 6/4, all Military, Police, Firefighters and EMT’s will have free admission to Schlitterbahn Waterpark in Galveston. And yes, Schlitterbahn is for adults as much as it is for kids.  5. Explore the Unusual Underground Cistern From an underground drinking water reservoir (built in 1926) to an underground public space that hosts changing art installations, the Cistern is a highly unusual space that gets a lot of attention. Spanning 87,500-square-feet underground including 25-foot tall, slender concrete columns set row upon row, hovering over two inches of water on the reservoir’s floor. It’s absolutely stunning and the changing art installations use the space as part of their exhibit. It’s free on Thursdays but you still need to reserve a ticket, as space is limited. 6. Watch Movies Under the Stars Well it’s not a drive-in theater but it’s kind of the same idea minus the cars. Grab a blanket, pack your snacks and relax under the stars while watching some of your favorite stars on the big screen. These pop-movie movie spots are appearing all of over Houston. Alamo Drafthouse Rolling Roadshow presents movies under the stars at the historic Market Square on select Wednesday’s this summer showing movies like Dirty Dancing and Almost Famous. For family-friendly movies, head to the Discovery Green on select Saturday nights for movies like Secret Life of Pets, Ghostbusters and “Finding Dory.” Or check out movies at Sugar Land Town Square, also on Saturday nights featuring Pete’s Dragon and Moana. 7. Go for a Sunday Ride with Bayou Bikers The first Sunday of every month, Bayou Bikers meet up at Market Square and go for a 25-to-40 mile bike ride. Leave your road bike or cruiser at home as these bayou-exploring rides are best for mountain bikes and fat tire bikes. 8. Experience an Epic Sunset Light Show  Head to the campus of Rice University at sunrise or sunset to check out the largest sky space created by world-renowned artist James Turrell. By staring up through a 14-by-14-foot opening to the sky, you are surrounded by colors being projected via lights onto the building's ceiling. As the sky changes, so do the gradients of color on the ceiling, making you feel as though you are in a dream. With music that changes based on the sky patterns, the experience is always unique, integrating nature and technology. Free to view but reservations are required. 9. Learn the Circus Art A fitness style that is becoming all the rage, Circus Arts focuses on ground arts and acrobatics such as, low tight wire, partner acrobatics, contortion/flexibility, juggling and hand balancing. These Tuesday night classes are taught on the Hess Patio at Discovery Green and run through the end of June. The instructors are from Cique le Vie, a Houston Contemporary Circus company and you must be 13 and up to participate. 10. Cruise Around the City With Hundreds of Other Bicyclists Critical Mass takes places on the last Friday of every month, where bicyclists around the world meet up to pedal through their city. Houston’s Critical Mass meets up at the historic Market Square and rolls off sometime around 7:15 pm. It’s an absolute blast and a great way to meet new people. 11. Free Yoga but BYOM From sunrise to sunset on Labor Day, participating yoga studios across Houston and the nation offer free yoga classes for the Free Day of Yoga. This is a great time to try yoga for the first time or even just a new class and instructor.  If you don't want to wait until the end of the summer, here’s a list of a few additional places to choose from now: Athleta in Rice Village (there are other locations but this locations offers the most options) Discovery Green on Saturday mornings from 9 – 10 Lululemon in The Galleria and Highland Village Sugar Land Town Square 12. Spot Dolphins from the Galveston Island Ferry There’s no need to pay for a dolphin-watching tour when you can spot these adorable mammals from the Galveston Island Ferry on its way to Port Bolivar Peninsula. Seems like a random thing to do, but it’s free and the beaches on the peninsula are less crowded than on Galveston Island. Bring your car or walk on the ferry. 13. Writer’s Workshop for Kids Limited to 25 students on a first-come, first-served basis, this is Houston’s only free writing workshop for kids. On every Saturday in the summer at the Houston Public Library’s HPL Express, kids can learn how to express their thoughts and develop their language skills. 14.  Free Day at the Museum You’ll be happy to learn that some museums are actually free every day in Houston and others are free on specific days like first Thursday.  Here's a detailed list of the free museums. Bank of America card holders get free admission to over 100 museums in the nation as part of the "Museums on Us" program on the first full weekend of every month. In Houston, those museums are the Children's Museum of Houston and the Museum of Fine Arts Houston.  15. Skip the Gym and  Get Fit Outside Why buy an expensive gym membership when you can sample workout classes all around town? We’re not talking about a class pass either as there are tons of free workout classes throughout the city everyday.  And while it might get pretty toasty outside during the summer in Houston, look at it this way: You’ll be sweating more and burning more calories. Among the classes: Athleta Stores: Three locations and various classes throughout the week City Centre Running Club every Monday night Discovery Green: Hoop Dance - Sundays at 10:30 am Bumba Toning - Mondays at 6:30 pm Circus Arts - Tuesdays at 5:30 pm Yoga - Tuesdays at 6:30 pm Zumba - Wednesdays at 6:30 pm Parkour - Thursdays at 6:30 pm Yoga - Saturday at 9 am 16. Shake Things Up For Date Night Remix your Friday night date plans with a little dancing under the stars in the Plaza at Sugar Land Town Square. Dance instructors from the Fred Astaire Dance Studio will be there to show you a few new dance moves if you’re feeling adventurous. 17. Houston LGBT Pride Celebration The Houston LGBT Pride Festival and Pride Parade are at the center of the celebration with an attendance of over 700,000 people from all over the world. Taking place in downtown Houston on June 24 at noon, this festival is free and open to the public. No tickets are necessary unless you want to access the VIP areas. The parade kicks off that night when temperatures have cooled off a bit. 18. Boat Tour of the Port of Houston Set sail on a free 90-minute boat tour of the Port of Houston. You’ll learn about the history of the seaport and see massive ocean freighters and barges navigate the 50-mile channel. The MV Sam Houston has been giving tours of Port Houston since its inaugural voyage on July 30, 1958 and has welcomed over 2 million visitors. The tour is free but reservations are required. Read These Next Houston Ballet's puzzling The Tempest overwhelms and underwhelms Esquire adds Southern-inspired cocktail bar in Houston to Hall of Fame Pethouse Pet of the Week: Achilles riffs on Hoffman, Mattress Mack Houston Ballet's puzzling The Tempest overwhelms and underwhelms Esquire adds Southern-inspired cocktail bar in Houston to Hall of Fame Pethouse Pet of the Week: Achilles riffs on Hoffman, Mattress Mack Comments Latest News Trending Now Bachelorette Recap Episode 2: Rachel's adorable dog steals the show Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer Cannes-do designer is new fave of Hollywood crowd and Texas women Find the ultimate Father's Day gift at this fine Houston clothier - promoted - International Soiree celebrates with Bollywood glamour, dazzling gowns See All Latest News > Here are 18 totally free things to do in Houston this summer 'The best Sichuan restaurant in America' quietly arrives in Houston Hot new restaurant and Hoffman's first column top this week's stories Houston's best barista and baseball star unite for gaming coffee shop After move to $10.5 million River Oaks mansion, Joel Osteen offers Tan... 4/18 How this modern Houston high-rise is redefining apartment living 5/17 Where to Eat Right Now: 11 of spring's best new Houston restaurants 4/25 10 new H-Town restaurants with spectacular patios for outdoor dining 3/23 Nine new crawfish options you won't want to miss, plus classic faves Home | About Us | News Tips & Suggestions | Submit An Event | Advertise | Jobs | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2017 CultureMap LLC. All Rights Reserved. We will not share or sell your email address Newsletters for exploring your city Please verify your e-mail by following the link we just sent you. Look for an e-mail from CultureMap <mailer@culturemap.co>
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak predicts TESLA will create the next 'next big thing' in technology Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says Tesla is now headed in the 'best direction' He says firm puts 'effort into very risky things' to create breakthrough products Wozniak says self-driving cars are the 'most obvious' moonshot right now   By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 14:35 EDT, 29 May 2017 | Updated: 14:42 EDT, 29 May 2017 e-mail 11 shares 26 View comments Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has opened up on what he thinks could be the next technological ‘moonshot’ – and it’s not Apple. According to Wozniak, Tesla is now the company that’s moving in the ‘best direction,’ as they continue to ‘put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.’ The tech giant says the firm’s ‘off the wall’ approach is paving the way for products that optimize both performance and elegance. Scroll down for video  Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak (pictured) has opened up on what he thinks could be the next technological ‘moonshot’ – and it’s not Apple. According to Wozniak, Tesla is now the company that’s moving in the ‘best direction’ ROBOTS WILL MAKE TESLA AS BIG AS APPLE, MUSK SAYS  Musk said his company's success in the coming decade would 'heavily involve Tesla going at the machine that builds the machine'. Musk is referring to automated manufacturing technologies that will produce the Tesla 3 model. The company will be rolling out three more production lines including one in the New United Motor Manufacturing, Inc (NUMMI) factory in Fremont in California is projected to build 100,000 more cars every year. The Tesla boss believes this mechanised production will be more profitable than the overseas contact that Apple uses to manufacture goods.  In a recent interview with Bloomberg, Wozniak explained that self-driving cars are ‘probably the biggest, most obvious moonshot,’ at the moment. The technology, he said, could ‘hugely’ change our lives. And, when asked who might bring about the next breakthrough technology, Wozniak says his bet is on Tesla. ‘I don’t know, I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,’ Wozniak said. ‘They put an awful lot of effort into very risky things,’ he said, pointing to electric cars and self-driving cars as example. ‘Everybody needs transportation in our human life,’ Wozniak said. ‘So ideas of boring holes underground to get around traffic problems in big cities, ideas of the Hyperloop to accelerate traffic without having to take airplane flights. ‘So I’m going to bet on Tesla – so many of these off the wall different directions, and they start with a car.’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Scientists spot 'potentially habitable' super-Earth planet... The incredible selfie AI that can turn you into a talking... Say goodbye to your day: The interactive fidget spinner you... Cities should reduce the impact of global warming by... Share this article Share 11 shares According to Wozniak, Tesla’s cars – in particular, the Model S – are built around Elon Musk’s ideal, making for technology that’s simple, efficient, and ‘beautiful.’ Elon Musk has come under fire in recent months for his plans to bore tunnels beneath Los Angeles. But, Musk has hit back, publishing a FAQ on the company website outlining how the ‘Boring Company’ plans to achieve his vision. 'The key to making this work is increasing tunneling speed and dropping costs by a factor of 10 or more – this is the goal of the Boring Company,' it says. 'Unlike flying cars, tunnels are weatherproof, out of sight and won't fall on your head,' it explains. 'I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,’ Wozniak said. According to Wozniak, Tesla’s cars – in particular, the Model S – are built around Elon Musk’s ideal, making for technology that’s simple, efficient, and ‘beautiful’  MUSK OUTLINES BORING PLAN Elon Musk has outlined how his Boring Company will work, claiming:  -Tunneling costs must be reduced by a factor of more than 10 -Key to this is smaller tunnels that can be dug more quickly  -Will work to increase the speed of the Tunnel Boring Machine  -Envisions a new breed of smaller, more powerful TBMs with triple the power of current machines that can tunnel continuously 'A large network of road tunnels many levels deep would fix congestion in any city, no matter how large it grew (just keep adding levels)' Musk recently revealed it has begun work on its first tunnel beneath Los Angeles, which will stretch from LAX to Sherman Oaks when complete. It came just six months after Musk first revealed his radical plan to beat LA's notorious gridlock. Now, the entry hole, staging area, and starting tunnel for the first Boring Machine, 'Godot,' is complete, Musk says. Read more: Apple Co-Founder Wozniak on the Next Big Moonshots - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 11 shares Most watched News videos Heart-stopping moment van driver pushes motorist into fast lane Nicola Sturgeon reveals she would form an alliance against Tories General Election polls and projections: May 27 LBC's Iain Dale grills Diane Abbott in a revealing interview Hilarious moment mum outsmarts son's attempted prank Terror threat level reduced as police unravel attacker's methods Fallon disagrees with Boris quote he mistakes for Corbyn's Check out the Heinz Beanz 'Full of Beanz' TV ad Angela Rippon tests positive for opiates after eating poppy seeds Jeremy Corbyn admits to meeting with IRA 'former prisoners' Irish model Laura Lacole shows off her sexy photoshoot outfit Amber Rudd says Jeremy Corbyn wrong about Manchester comments 'Maybe if I had the flux capacitor he would have let me... Road hogs! Reclusive family of wild boars roam Polish... Moment a drowning pregnant leopard is hauled to safety... The wind in his hair! Scottish photographer captures... What a big chopper! Eye-watering moment kung fu master... If at first you don't succeed! Moment determined dog... How to get your bags back? Pretend to be French: ROBERT... Immobility scooter! Breakdown driver’s bizarre roadside... Villagers form a blockade with their cars to stop workmen... Crack shot! Painful moment man with balloons tied to his... Theresa May vows to introduce longer jail terms for... Labour's secret plans for £4,000 'garden tax': Land and... Britain should consider fining tech giants who fail to... 'Sleazy' consultant who tickled, kissed and harassed... BA customers forced to call 55p-a-minute hotline to claim... Labour's campaigns chief says the election is 'only the... Dramatic video shows 20ft crocodile freed from drain... Ex-BAE Systems employee 'who got a job with a fake... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 27 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Scientists spot 'potentially habitable' super-Earth planet just 21 light-years away Construction begins on the world's first 'super telescope' that could help astronomers find alien life The incredible selfie AI that can turn you into a talking bronze statue or copy any painter's syle Stunning £10M yacht-inspired Rolls-Royce Sweptail sails into record books as most expensive new car ever Beatboxing up close: Incredible video reveals what happens inside a musician's throat as they perform Beware of Judy: Researchers reveal Android malware may have already infected over 36 MILLION handsets Look familiar? Samsung's refurbished Galaxy Note FE 7 pictured for the first time (and the only visible... The eTree takes root: Radical artificial plant could bring wifi to cities, charge your phone and even give... Spy shots could solve the mystery of Elon Musk's Model 3 interior: Pictures reveal Tesla's radical single... Do YOU suffer from 'smartphone thumb'? Doctors warn issue is becoming a major problem across America Hubble smells a rat: Telescope spots 'Vermin Galaxy' transiting a sun-like star Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak predicts TESLA will create the next 'next big thing' in technology Say goodbye to your day: The interactive fidget spinner you can use on your computer and phone 'That can't be real!!!' Hunter shows off pictures of GIANT BULL FROG he shot and killed - but is it all as... 'Self-destructing' GM moths to be used on American soil for the first time in bid to save cabbages and... MORE HEADLINES Spy shots could solve the mystery of Elon Musk's Model 3 interior: Pictures reveal Tesla's radical single screen dashboard Construction begins on the world's first 'super telescope' that could help astronomers find alien life 'I can't believe it's still alive!': The horrifying moment a huge snake regurgitates another live snake in front of a shocked couple Why pugs and bulldogs have flat faces: Scientists pinpoint the mutation that causes squashed features Scientists spot 'potentially habitable' super-Earth planet just 21 light-years away Say goodbye to your day: The interactive fidget spinner you can use on your computer and phone Man is disgusted after 1,400-year-old Anglo-Saxon jewel found in his York garden is valued at a 'paltry' £2,800 Look familiar? Samsung's refurbished Galaxy Note FE 7 pictured for the first time (and the only visible difference is a tiny 'R' on the back) BMW reveals smart scooter concept that always knows where you want to go - and can even adjust its seat to the size of a rider's behind Hubble smells a rat: Telescope spots 'Vermin Galaxy' transiting a sun-like star 'Designer babies' created using the Crispr gene editing tool may suffer from hundreds of unwanted mutations Beatboxing up close: Incredible video reveals what happens inside a musician's throat as they perform 'Anti AI AI' earpiece defends against a robot uprising by warning you if a machine is impersonating a human We must prepare for advances in AI or face a 'nightmare' dystopian existence, warns Stephen Fry Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak predicts TESLA will create the next 'next big thing' in technology MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Lindsey Vonn swaps snow gear for thong bikini as she takes in the glamor while in Monaco for the Grand Prix Lindsey was having fun in a red bikini  Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Fallen golf star Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of medications and alcohol wasn't involved as he apologizes  'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender pins in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival  Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show PICTURED: Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City Exchanged vows in front of a flower-packed altar Cheeky! Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad bottom as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Buttocks on display  Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he won't do any more Pirates movies after latest installment in blockbuster series -  Dead Men Tell No Tales 'Bikini until it rains!' Kim Zolciak shows off her swimsuit body... while daughter Brielle flashes mom by exposing her breasts Pair have fun at home Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Gucci style! Salma Hayek and hubby Francois-Henri Pinault are loved up in Florence for designer's Cruise 2018 Collection Retail therapy  Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star larks around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'He's not a bad person': Kim Kardashian insists there is 'no drama' between Kylie Jenner and Tyga after split Kim came to the rappers defense  'I AM MARRIED WITH ME': Single supermodel Adriana Lima shares bizarre photo of herself wearing diamond wedding band on Instagram Breaking a sweat! Chris Pratt and John Krasinski honor Memorial Day by taking on The Murph Challenge fitness test together in the UK Pizza party! Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer reunite for family outing with children in Los Angeles Reunited Monday for pizza with their children  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Smooth landing! Line-free Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her VERY taut visage as she arrives home in Australia following long-haul flight 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  'Bae watch!' Lea Michele gets playful on social media as she shows off her sensational figure in two tiny one-pieces for Memorial Day Salud! Sofia Vergara rocks white bustier top and long lace skirt as she throws lavish Memorial Day party Shared the fun with her social media followers  Happy couple! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons are all smiles in complementing outfits at Gucci show in Italy The first love is the sweetest 'A lady never tells': Rebel Wilson denies claims she lied about her real age to journalists Accused lawyer of dragging out questioning Ed Sheeran confirms he hasn't popped the question to long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... after Russell Crowe refers to her as the singer's 'fiancée' Growing up fast! Chris Brown hosts pool party at Los Angeles home as daughter Royalty turns three Singer looked full of pride  Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations What a catch! Alessandra Ambrosio reels in the attention as she goes fishing with her family in Malibu Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day  Natural beauty Zendaya goes make-up free while hiking with friends on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Star, 20, looked very relaxed 'He's going through a difficult time': One of Tiger Woods' ex-mistresses says she feels sorry for the golfer after his DUI arrest in Florida on Monday  EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends day at the beach in Malibu with swimsuit-clad hottie...who looks just like his ex Katy Perry  Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Good jeans! Lily Collins wears trendy denim jacket as she runs errands on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Dressed down for the holiday  The littlest flag bearer! Nicky Hilton shares snap of daughter Lily on husband James Rothschild's shoulders as stars mark Memorial Day Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Dakota Johnson puts on an unusually busty display in plunging floral dress as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson True Blood couple Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer head to the beach for a casual holiday with their twins Poppy and Charlie  Enjoying her family time 'They had to split the back!' Poldark hunk Aiden Turner admits his was a 'few pounds too heavy' to fit into his fitted costumes for series three Caliente! Victoria Justice poses on the beach during Mexico getaway as she celebrates sister's 21st birthday Looked stunning 'She was restricted from sitting down': Amber Heard's Aquaman costume said to be so tight that crew followed her around with a leaning WALL as relief 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves Still making a deal? Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant is stuck to his phone as new wife Emilia wears sexy barely-there bikini on Mexican vacation Hidden turmoil behind Princess Diana's funeral: Her body was kept in a 'makeshift morgue' and William refused to walk behind the coffin  Prince William speaks candidly about Princess Diana's death and his regret that she didn't get to meet Kate, George and Charlotte as royals pose in off-duty shoot 'It is a process': Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' Khloe to be surrogate mother and help her have another baby on Watch What Happens Live Tom Cruise is the perfect gent as he offers Annabelle Wallis a hand at The Mummy premiere in Madrid... after UK screening is axed following terror attack  Reunited and it feel so good! The Bachelor's Nick Viall celebrates being in Montreal with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi with a big romantic airport kiss How Joan Collins saw off a randy studio boss  and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, as revealed in SIR ROGER MOORE'S witty memoirs What a bag, lady! Leggy Olivia Munn totes $4k backpack as she struts around in flirty checked sundress Aaron Rogers' ex was spotted in Vancouver Paris Hilton shows off her toned figure and womanly curves in plunging pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from Ibiza break on Instagram Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy celebrated nationwide on his 100th birthday He was born on May 29, 1927 in Brookline, MA Easy rider! Chloe Sevigny shows off her toned legs in quirky ensemble as she cruises through New York City on a rental bike 'Her son will miss her forever': Busy Philipps shares her sadness at poet friend's tragic suicide... as she urges fans to seek help Made an emotive post  Secrets of an A-list body: How to get shoulders like Thandie Newton  Recently showed off her toned upper body and shoulders on red carpet Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio is spotted with a bevy of beautiful women in Monaco... days after partying with supermodels in Cannes Back in the old routine Bringing retro back! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel spend the holiday weekend with Jimmy Fallon... in a vintage VW camper van Spied in the Hamptons  Scott Disick cannot keep his hands off model, 19, during wild vacation... after steamy displays with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie AND three other women 'We should have free lunch for all of our public students': John Legend donates $5,000 to help cover meal debts at 99 schools in Seattle Generous gesture Bizarre moment Flash Gordon faces off with the Incredible Hulk after the two actors got into a heated argument before a Comic Con fan had to pull them apart Only in Carrie Bradshaw's world! Sarah Jessica Parker releases a 'sneaker' - a sparkly $255 sandal that has T-straps, cut-outs, and glitter Romancing with the stars! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei reveals she has agreed to go on a date with DWTS rival Bonner Bolton Pair got close on show She's found true love! Lost star Maggie Grace weds fiance Brent Bushnell in California after three-month engagement Started dating last year Party crew! Justin Bieber heads out in the Hamptons with Patrick Schwarzenegger and his gal pal Abby Champion  The 23-year-old singer played third wheel  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Bella Hadid exhibits her svelte figure as she parties with model pals on a super yacht following the Monaco Grand Prix 'I finally found summer!' Drew Barrymore rocks fun bird hat while posting snaps of beach vacation with four-year-old daughter Olive Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph CrossFit challenge in Upstate New York named after Navy SEAL who died in Afghanistan Size 22 model Tess Holliday pokes fun at herself by posing with a picture of a 'majestic' WHALE, before joking that she has been 'reunited with her family' 'Healing takes time, if it ever happens': Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pays tribute to late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell at Amsterdam show 'I'm 30, I better get married': Kim sensed romance with Kris Humphries would end while on HONEYMOON after 'freaking out' about milestone birthday Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman disapprove of Connor's 'serious girlfriend' after her run-ins with the law and provocative social media profile PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Winnie Harlow shows off her sensational figure in skimpy thong bikini as she parties with her rumored beau Lewis Hamilton  Making a splash! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid jumps into the sea as she parties on a luxurious super yacht with shirtless Lewis Hamilton in Monaco Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reveals her teenage anorexia battle resulted from the pressure of taking on royal duties at the age of 18 Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara heighten romance rumors as they share affectionate display at the Cannes Closing Ceremony Headed home together Kim reveals she has not spoken to Taylor Swift since THAT blowup over Kanye's 'I made that b***h famous' lyric  Pop princess called it 'character assassination' Avoid specials, be wary of boasts and haggle for wine: Gordon Ramsay reveals his three golden rules for eating at restaurants  Inside information Keen chef Cher, 71, shows off kitchenware including two Le Creuset dishes worth $1,350 inside her VERY organized pantry (but can you spot her cat?) John Legend sends video message to parents of Manchester victim Olivia Campbell, 15, as they release recording of her singing 'All of Me' for charity Beach babe! Hoda Kotb celebrates Memorial Day weekend with three-month-old adopted daughter Haley  Adorable baby nestled on a blanket Hoff-ing for a miracle? Priyanka Chopra heads to Germany to promote Baywatch movie where original star David Hasselhoff is king after film's US flop Emily Ratajkowski strikes a pose in a pretty frilled bikini for fun Instagram video as she shows off her amazing curves during family pool day in Texas 'I'm odd!' SNL's Kate McKinnon reveals the secret to her success as she plays dress up for cover shoot Experiencing same fame as stars she parodies Oh baby! Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a teal bikini as she hits the beach in Thailand   Israeli model, 31, is Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Crown Princess Victoria opts for a SWAN print dress while Mary of Denmark plays it safe in lace as she joins the Swedish royals for dinner Back to the grind! Usher seen dancing against a scantily clad woman as he hosts a wild Memorial Day weekend party in Las Vegas Slender Sofia Richie sizzles in red floral bikini as she relaxes on a yacht in Monaco... after denying romance with Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick Miranda Kerr 'marries billionaire Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in small but lavish event at his LA home' Supermodel was said to be 'ecstatic' Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Sexy side came out Nicole Kidman sends an apology video to Cannes after being unable to collect a special award as Will Smith gives a tear-filled speech on her behalf Kourtney Kardashian wows in VERY skimpy bikini as she cuddles up to toddler Reign after Cannes... as she 'BANS ex Scott Disick from seeing their children 'Mr. Sell' Fredrik Eklund jets off to Africa for romantic getaway with boyfriend after slashing price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment in bid to find buyer Son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour enjoys 'intimate' baths with his pet MAGPIE (even though his wife thinks it's 'slightly inappropriate') Leggy Ashley Tisdale slips her slender figure into backless leopard print swimsuit as she heads home from best pal Vanessa Hudgens' pool party in LA She's got nude ambition! Daring Emily Ratajkowski goes completely NAKED as she gets to work on the set of new thriller Welcome Home in Italy Gabriel Byrne, 67, sweetly coos over his newborn baby daughter as he and his younger wife Hannah Beth King take their tot for a stroll in NYC Rachel McCord shows off her super toned abs in a very racy lace-up red bikini as she splashes about with her pals at Santa Monica beach Audience shocked as Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul threatens drive-by shootings during Memphis concert after sound issues and power outage That looks tasty! Emily Ratajkowski keeps strength up by munching beef in skimpy bikini  after flaunting delightful derriere in sexy snap Miami heat! Victoria's Secret angel Lais Ribeiro frolics in the sea with her boyfriend during beach getaway Continued her Memorial Weekend showcase 'I've needed her': Angelina Jolie says she 'would give anything' to have her late mother Marcheline Bertrand help her through her divorce from Brad Pitt HBO's Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa Kris Jenner oozes sex appeal in off-the-shoulder white dress and kinky boots in West Hollywood after stalker scare Looked very sleek  As IF she looks that good! Youthful Alicia Silverstone, 40, stuns in chic pink blouse and minimal makeup as she hosts Clueless screening in LA Has Princess Beatrice been cured of her workshy ways - by her former beau's go-getting new American love?   Her ex Dave Clark has just proposed  'Obsessed' Rihanna fan 'vows to continue pursuit' of star as he's released from custody after pleading guilty to criminal trespass at her NYC penthouse Naomi Watts 'furious after ex Liev Schreiber broke their pact not to date anyone publicly for a year' and steps out with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown Good Lord! Bella Thorne shows Scott Disick what he's missing as she poses in underwear after brief Cannes fling Sizzling photos  Matthew Perry cuts a scruffy appearance as he steps out with mystery blonde in New York City He's had his troubles since Friends ended Beach babe Alessandra Ambrosio hits the sand in Malibu wearing a white bikini after posting topless shot Showed off her figure  Lady in red! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting scarlet pencil skirt with matching heels and clutch as she steps out in Madrid  Island girl! Sofia Vergara dances with cocounts in crop top and colorful skirt as she prepares for tropical-themed Memorial Day party Adam Levine shows off new 'TRUE LOVE' tattoos on his fingers... while holding his wife Behati Prinsloo's thong-clad derriere Took to Instagram Mommy and me time! Jenna Dewan Tatum takes daughter Everly shopping during Memorial Day weekend Spotted out in LA with her lookalike daughter More bad blood! Ryan Seacrest 'FURIOUS' Katy Perry will be 'earning more money than him' on American Idol with $25million paycheck 'If it's missing I know he has it': Elsa Pataky says she and Chris Hemsworth SHARE the same $180 moisturizer as she reveals her beauty secrets Charlotte McKinney flaunts her impossibly long legs in miniscule black dress and heels as she enjoys a dinner date in Malibu Looked sensational  Keeping Up With... Barbie! Kylie Jenner splashes out $20,000 to buy TWO huge art pieces inspired by the toy doll Canvas portraits Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea sizzles in skintight red top and leggings as she performs new single Switch on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Sorry Scott, she's not interested! Sofia Richie strips to her swimsuit for yacht day... as teen strongly denies she's dating her 'homie' Disick Quick to diffuse rumors Uma Thurman goes for gold in gown as stunning Jessica Chastain leaves her best dress for last at glamorous final night of the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Just married! Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City The Shameless star got hitched Lea Michele flaunts her effortless style in figure-skimming silk dress as she steps out for dinner date in LA The Scream Queens actress dazzled Gillian Anderson transforms into glamour icon Monroe before impersonating rock star David Bowie on latest episode of hit show American Gods Milestone! Lily-Rose Depp rings in her 18th birthday modeling pink cowboy hats with Leila Rahimi Posted some social media updates 'Someone just died': Kourtney Kardashian tries to 'rescue' Kris Jenner during firefighting exercise on KUWTK Put through their paces Kendall Jenner looks chic in a fur-sleeved jacket as she gets back to LA life with dinner at Japanese restaurant She is getting back into the American groove Cannes Palme d'Or goes to Ruben Ostlund's The Square as Sofia Coppola becomes second woman to win best director Swedish comedy  'I felt like a fool': Sharon Osbourne admits she felt humiliated by Ozzy's cheating scandal... as the pair discuss renewing their vows  Da ya think I'm spec-sy! Kimberly Stewart and daughter Delilah del Toro don glasses as they head to lunch Her father is veteran rocker Rod Stewart Getting ready to party! Benji and Joel Madden stock up with supplies ahead of Memorial Day Twins are married to celebrities Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie  'Shine brighter!' Ariana Grande's brother Frankie tweets support for victims of Manchester terror attack Sent his love  'Do it for the Graham!' Ashley gives an up-close and personal tour of her curves poolside in sexy bikini video Shared with her  Instagram followers Baywatch is a massive flop for The Rock after bringing in nearly $20MILLION less than expected over Memorial Day weekend Life's a beach for flick From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Say goodbye to your day: The interactive fidget spinner you can use on your computer and phone 34 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home BP Home My Account Subscriptions Chats Events Customer Service Masthead Contact Us Local BP Boston BP Bronx BP Kansas City            BP Mets            BP Milwaukee            BP South Side            BP Toronto            BP Wrigleyville            Articles All Articles All Blogs Newsletter Surprise Me! Prospects  2017 Organizational Rankings Prospects Home (w/ links to 2017 Top 10 lists) Last Year: 2016 Midseason Top 50 Rankings Last Year: 2016 Organizational Rankings Last Year: 2016 Top 10 Rankings 2017 Top 101 Prospects Today's Minor-league Schedule (with top prospect count) Eyewitness Accounts Prospect Tracker Statistics Sortable Statistics Strength Of Schedule DRA Run Values Glossary PITCHf/x Profiles PITCHf/x Leaderboards Bullpen (Mis)management Brooks Baseball Manager Comments from BP Annual Books Standings Projected Standings (based on PECOTA) Adjusted Standings Team Audit Standings Playoff Odds Prospectus Hit List Fantasy Fantasy Resources Page! Latest Fantasy Articles Player Forecast Manager Team Tracker PECOTA Weighted Means Spreadsheet Scoresheet Draft Aid HACKING MASS Competition Beat PECOTA Game (latest updates) Depth Charts Depth Charts Home (with Standings!) RosterResource Links (formerly MLBDepthCharts) Visual Depth Charts Visual Year-to-Date Stats Transactions Transactions Browser Transaction Analysis Collateral Damage Daily Salaries Compensation Home Cot's Contracts Podcasts DFA Podcast - Bryan Grosnick & R.J. Anderson       For All You Kids Out There - BP Mets Team       Effectively Wild - Ben Lindbergh/Sam Miller BP Milwaukee Podcast       The Red Seat - BP Boston Team       Kansas City Baseball Vault - BP Kansas City Team       Artificial Turf Wars - Greg Wisniewski/Joshua Howsam/Chris Sherwin       BP Wrigleycast - BP Wrigleyville Team The Catbird Speaks - BP South Side Team       Flags Fly Forever - Bret Sayre/Mike Gianella TINO (There Is No Offseason) - Bret Sayre/BP Fantasy Team TTO Scoresheet Podcast - Ben Murphy/Ian Lefkowitz/Jared Weiss Raw Projection - BP Prospect Team ------------------------------------------ Limited Range - Sahadev Sharma/Brett Taylor Up and In - Kevin Goldstein/Jason Parks Fantasy Hour - Jason Collette/Paul Sporer Fringe Average - Mike Ferrin/Jason Parks TINSTAAPP - Paul Sporer/Doug Thorburn Search Search Articles Search Players Search Comments CSS Button No Image Css3Menu.com    Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals    << Previous Article What You Need to Know:... (05/29) << Previous Column Short Relief: The Intr... (05/26) No Next Column Next Article >> Prospectus Feature: Th... (05/29) May 29, 2017 Short Relief And Now Some Words On Our Sponsors by BP Staff Printer-friendly In-season holidays are a little weird, because while everyone is off spending time with their loved ones, the baseball players are technically still working their normal schedule. We understand this weird little contradiction, and so the BP staff are offering you a compromise: analysis, and baseball, but not actually baseball analysis. Instead, we've decided to pen a few words about baseball commercials: the ones we love, the ones we despise, the ones we cannot fathom, but at any rate the ones that have stuck with us. Grab a cup of coffee, some headphones, and join us on a little adventure. This commercial hits all sorts of classic comedy beats: we get to laugh at a man’s (Alec Baldwin’s) inflated sense of self-worth, an unexpected situation takes another unexpected twist, and there are one or two remarkably well-delivered punchlines. But there’s also a second level, perhaps unintended by writers Mike Schur and Charlie Grandy. At the nine-second mark, John Krasinski opens the door, but as he does he is laughing and saying “yeah” as if there is another human being offscreen. Baldwin delivers a punch, but notice that this person–if they even exist–says or does nothing. This indicates one of two things: either Krasinski was speaking to a sociopath incapable of displaying concern, or that there was no one else in the room at all. Krasinski, lonely, was talking to a figment of his own imagination. Then there’s Baldwin. At the 39-second mark, Krasinski remarks “Wow. Your commitment level is so high,” while rubbing his aching, angled jaw. Anyone who would run across town to punch a “friend” in the face after a hard-fought loss must be committed to their team, right? But earlier, Baldwin admits to leaving the game in the sixth inning, hardly indicative of his commitment to the Yankees, but rather indicative of his commitment to punching John Krasinski in the face. Each man appears to be using baseball to create a human connection, and there are hints that this is something they long for. Krasinski is so desperate for someone to talk to, he invented one, and remains upbeat despite a man. Baldwin made a flimsy excuse–really, a close game in the sixth inning?–to dart across New York and stop in on a friend, leaving a bruise and tens of thousands of dollars in his wake. It is a bit of the joke about Pagliacci the Clown, humor hiding pain. It is the façade we build in order to protect our weaknesses, our loneliness, our hearts. It is baseball. -Bryan Grosnick The year is 1986, or perhaps the not too distant future. Earth is a dystopian wasteland where the only form of entertainment pits children against each other (perhaps to the death?) in baseball-esque feats of athleticism, complete with lasers, glowing orbs, and electric guitars. A mysterious crusader in red chillingly recruits a ringer (played by future Hall of Famer Pete Rose, in a star making turn as, um, Pete Rose, or a lifelike synthetic equivalent) to join the battle and lead the kids’ revolution in an attempt to break from the shackles of their sugary beverage overlords. It’s Thunderdome meets Space Jam (well, minus the Looney Toons). Directed by The Wachowskis. - Mark Barry This commercial was created in 1974 by copywriter James Hartzell of Campbell-Ewald/Detroit and it answers four very important questions: What’s America’s favorite sport? Favorite sandwich? Favorite Pie? And favorite car? Why it's Baseball, Hot Dogs, Apple Pie and Chevrolet, of course! Curly-haired Ed Labunski is the first image you see in the ad and that’s because he composed the music for the song, which is both joyous and celebratory. Back then, the sport of baseball brought everyone together and so did hot dogs, apple pie, and apparently, Chevrolet cars of all makes and models. Everyone from kids to adults are shown playing baseball. They even show some still shots of players and umpires from MLB games. It’s a patriotic ad in the sense that it takes us on a nearly one-minute journey and shows us a tapestry of America’s citizens enjoying four seemingly disparate concepts. The ad also shows us shots of landmarks like the Empire State Building and Golden Gate Bridge but it isn’t jingoistic or overtly patriotic in the way modern commercials tend to be. The closest thing to an American flag is a vanity plate that reads, “USA-1” which briefly flashes on the screen near the end of the ad. The commercial also settles a years-long debate as to whether or not a hot dog is a sandwich. (Spoiler alert: People in the 1970s say the hot dog is a sandwich but people in the 1970s also thought leisure suits were cool, so can we really trust them?) -Stacey Gotsulias A series of questions and comments: What decade is this guy from? How did they get Cheech Marin for this commercial? Who? No defining moment has ever included Wil Nieves. No, really. Who? Stop saying Wil Nieves. Can we blame Wil Nieves for Wil Myers or nah? That second pitch is 100% not a fastball Wil Nieves had a career 61 OPS+ The Nationals won 59 games the year of this commercial, before you ask. And the year before. Wil Nieves was not in the majors for 12 years at the time of this commercial. He had appeared in 2002 (six years before this homer) and then went back to the minors until 2005. The commercial recorded in 2009, but was about a game in 2008. So again I ask, who the hell is this guy talking about. Do not say Wil Nieves. -Craig Goldstein The accordion’s optimistic lilt is too cheery, even when tempered by Moyer’s daddishly hokey “Oh la la!” This is what commercials do; they promise hyperbolic results with the ease of pulling back a café chair. But consider the fraud: Moyer’s metric radar gun came from France when imperial-eschewing Canada is a mere 188 kilometers from Safeco. And there is the kilometric measurement itself: “97,” the first pitch returns. “99,” blinks the second—60.2 and 61.5 miles per hour. Moyer’s tosses, at their most stultifying, settle in at the low 70s. The enormity of the lie, then, indicates not fraud, but fantasy. In the magical world of Mariners’ commercials, you can be as slow as you want to be. -Holly M. Wendt In 1980, Latinos made up just 6.5% of the US population, with a full 30% of that population living in California. The TV station KMEX first began airing Spanish-language programming back in 1962, pre-Univision, and was one of the first stations in the country to air spots created specifically for a Spanish-speaking market, like the one above. A family playing baseball and having breakfast in the park runs into Fernando Valenzuela at the peak of Fernandomania, and invites him to share in their Corn Flakes, which just happens to be Fernando Valenzuela’s favorite cereal. He sits down and the jingle kicks in, a Spanish version of the English tagline “When you sit down to America’s favorite cereal, the face on the package is you.” It reads slightly different in Spanish (you have a familiar face with you) but the marketing intent remains the same. Eat Kellogg’s Corn Flakes, and you too can be part of the American story, can see your face here. “Mexicans grabbed onto him with both hands to ride to the moon,” Vin Scully once noted about Valenzuela. For the thousands of Latinos in the LA area, Fernando Valenzuela made the face on the cereal box familiar. - Kate Preusser With how little Joey Votto is striking out and how much smack talk he is dishing out, it seems duly appropriate for me to dig back into the well of the widely adored This is Sportscenter commercials and unearth this gem. If you were ever wondering where Votto practices his insults, opportune moments to sarcastically wish Karl Ravech luck in a facial hair contest against the boldly mustachioed mascot, Mr. Red, have been instrumental in the development of his craft. Devotion to the art of budget acting is quietly displayed by Mr. Red’s commitment to actually wash his gloved hands. Whether that was intentional or a product of beautiful, unscripted acting gold, revealing the secrets on set only dismantle the purity of the 30 second spot. If only Roger Ebert were alive to give us his opinion on Votto’s chances to star in a remake of “The Natural,” we’d have a better bearing on one of the All-Star’s first Emmy-worthy performances. -Lance Brozdowski I struggle with this ad. In 1941, Orson Welles wrote, directed, and starred in Citizen Kane. By 1980 he was famous for two things: voice-over narration and advertisements like this, actually a clever parody of his work with the Paul Masson winery. It's also terrifyingly pathetic, a sell-out of a sell-out. Welles needed money; he always did. Fallen from grace in Hollywood, the man was always trying to finance another piece, a comeback; for years, it was The Other Side of the Wind, filmed over six years in the seventies, whenever he could afford the film. His final movie, F is for Fake, was so strange and its critics so little bent to charity that it was widely panned; no one was interested in giving him the benefit of the doubt. And so he read copy, fought with advertisers, drank and waited until he died. It's one thing I find comforting about baseball: that its victories aren't preyed upon by social relativism or fashion. One wins or loses. Welles himself stopped winning, in part, because people decided they didn't want him to. The Other Side of the Wind, through years of collation and crowdfunding, will be released in 2018, 23 years after his death. I hope we decide it's good. -Patrick Dubuque The year is 1980, and somewhere, the director at a marketing agency somewhere is entirely too pleased with himself. He’s taken his own beloved childhood memory, a cheeky baseball burlesque joke predicated on using interrogative pronouns, and turned it into yet another way to sell things to the masses. Will the kid he wants to buy candy bars care about the history behind the confusion about the name “Whatchamacallit?” Of course not. Maybe their parents will, though, which is good, because parents have the spending power. The kid - let’s say it’s you! - (if you’re an imaginary boy between the ages of eight and 12, because sexism was even more alive and well back in the 80s) doesn’t have to get the deeper layer within the casual banter. No, you don’t care about any of this. All that will happen for you is the next time you’re in a grocery store with mom, standing in the checkout lane, you’ll inexplicably want the candy with the funny name (and maybe some baseball cards, the ones with the bubblegum.) -Kate Morrison Judging by the cuts and staging of this commercial, Bo Knows Everything Except Cinematography. But hawking rad cross-trainers requires little production. Nike sensed this reality and developed a zen divergence from direct product placement, in favor of selling a feeling: Without getting into any issues about whether Bo can REALLY know, it is arguable that the multisport phenom has a better sense of humor than either football or baseball acumen. The busy pacing of the ad distracts the viewer from the sense of plot, but it must accurately portray the star juggling two professional sports schedules. Notice that Bo the golfer incepts Tiger Wood’s stacked demeanor and nails Wood’s signature wardrobe to the exact color. Or the questions that Football Bo asks Baseball Bo, “You ever been to LA?” It would have been hilarious if Baseball Bo said, “No, but I’ve been to Anaheim.” What is especially clear about this ad is that Nike Knows Branding, as the commercial does a great job selling his cross-trainers without more than a couple of cuts to the shoes. Bo Knows Bo is Selling Bo, an aura of phenomenal physicality that screams, “Wear these shoes and you too could train to become a 13 WARP ballplayer.” -Nicholas Zettel I spent 17 years of my life living in Rhode Island, a 15-minute drive from the Hurd Auto Mall in Johnston. Despite its proximity, I have never patronized the famed Chevrolet dealership depicted in this commercial. Yet as a frequent viewer of Red Sox games on the New England Sports Network, I am intimately familiar with the jingle of "baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, Hurd Chevrolet," a song that creates the unlikely association between three stereotypical pieces of American culture, and a car dealership in the country's smallest state. So famous is the Hurd tune that their advertising team uses this particular commercial to suggest that people are singing it while going about their daily activities, such as jogging in place in a parking lot, standing awkwardly in a park, or pointing at fish in an aquarium. As much as I do not relate to the hobbies on display here, I can most certainly vouch for the Hurd jingle being unsettlingly present in my life. In fact, if asked to sing to word "baseball" (which I usually do unprompted), I have no doubt that it would be to the tune of "baseball, hot dogs, apple pie, Hurd Chevrolet." They may may not be able to sync up a backing track to the actors singing in their ad, and they may never get a single dollar from me, but the people of Hurd Chevrolet have created a piece of culture - terrible, parasitic culture though it may be - that I carry with me everywhere I go. -Martin Nolan The Saturday before last was Jay Buhner Bobblehead Night at Safeco Field. The longtime Seattle right fielder, now 52 and still impressively bald and fit, was on hand for the occasion and threw out an impressive frozen rope for the first pitch that recalled his glory days. Then he sat on the sidelines as Yovani Gallardo was pummeled into some alternate state of matter by Avisail Garcia and the White Sox for 10 runs in 3 2/3 innings, then dined and maybe enjoyed a cocktail while would-be Sunday starter Dillon Overton was pounded for two more homers as he wore it for 4 1/3. Nary a glint of light was enabled to come to the aid of infielder Mike Freeman, who was forced to atone for his first inning error by pitching the ninth, before he was DFA’d after the game, a 16-1 loss for the Mariners. In these trying times, the cliché has never been more true: evil triumphs when good men--especially men whose ability to help has been well-documented--sit and do nothing. -James Fegan For those of you on the East Coast, ARCO is what BP calls itself out here. And when they’re not lubricating the Gulf of Mexico, or weaseling out of financial responsibility for cleaning up the Gulf of Mexico, they’re making some of the most awful damned commercials ever known to man. This year, because ARCO likes to bombard West Coast MLB.tv subscribers with ads at a mind-melting pace, they decided to do a baseball-themed commercial to fit that. Like most ARCO advertisements nowadays, it stars “Hanna,” a talking dashboard hula doll thingy who can be summed up as “basically The Travelocity Gnome if you paid approximately 20% of the wages for script writers who have 0% of the talent.” Hanna’s owner/boyfriend/father/human is saving so much money on gas thanks to ARCO that he takes her to her first baseball game. She buries herslef in peanuts, gets autographed, catches a ball, meets “a new friend” (a generic-looking bobblehead), and fails to land a single joke. Hey, ARCO, if you’re reading this? Since it’s already obvious that you’re trying to spend as little on marketing as possible, just… don’t. Zero baseball fans are filling up at ARCO because of Hanna. -Colin Anderle The signifiers here invoke the carefree and timeless: the bleachers on a lazy, sunny day; the Blues Brothers’ R&B syncretism; high-waisted shorts; cold ones. Hell, “Cub Fan, Bud Man” is an explicit “Soul Man” rip off, right down to the chord change that introduces the bridge. Harry Caray himself became a signifier of the Cubs’ “have a good time despite the miserable team” reputation, a lord over the boozy, sleazy fiefdom of Wrigley Field. And yet, Harry doesn’t quite get the Jake Blues schtick down. He’s a little too stiff, a little too idiosyncratic, whereas John Belushi oozed charisma and even a little sexiness with his dancing. No, I think Harry is getting at something else entirely. Wait a second… Harry Caray is a rude boy. -Zack Moser If a sport is known by the company it keeps, it may behoove baseball to start hanging out with another crowd. This ad has been aired, on and off, since George Brett’s rookie season. (Brett is 64.) It posits that baseball, hot dogs, apple pie and Chevrolet are inextricably linked. This is not good company. The jingle, even before getting to its “melody,” dives headfirst into controversy, offhandedly referring to hot dogs as a sandwich. Stick to sports! Let’s start with the hot dog. A Farmer John’s Dodger Dog has 240 calories, 200 from fat. You get 40 percent of the daily value of saturated fat and 57 percent of sodium in each dog. Adding a processed white flour bun brings the total to 410 calories of the 2,000 or so you should consume each day. Apple pie? It’s as American as England, Holland, France, Italy, and Germany, all of which had recipes for apple pie before the American colonies were established. And Chevrolet…It ranked 15th of 29 models ranked by Consumer Reports for reliability, and shares of its parent, General Motors have lost 5% of their value this year. Maybe Roger Goodell’s looking for new friends? - Rob Mains On an official brand YouTube account and from just seven years ago, the eternal blur of this commercial suggests that there are details they don't want us to see. And they're right. Because we're going to talk about Evan Longoria's relic of a shirt. It's puke-green, but of the type that would make you rush to the hospital instead of thinking you're just expelling some unwanted virus, with long cadet blue sleeves. Of the fashion trends that will cycle back in 2030, I desperately hope the baggy t-shirt with different colored long sleeves is not one of them. Then there's the matter of its graphic, a thin ring that's either red or orange - whatever it is, the intent is probably to suggest fire. As we say in 2017, however, the shirt is anything but lit. It's doubtless that the stylist on set chose the shirt to convey an everyman image to Longoria, despite the whole message being that this cap levels the playing field. So there's dissonance in the message, but even more dissonance in aesthetic sensibilities. What saves the commercial, though, is how it is recalls the iconic mid-2000s "We Takin' Over" music video; except, you know, the prize is an errant cap. -Brian Duricy Maybe you remember this one. Dick’s managed to show in one minute all the stuff that happens in baseball when ‘nothing is happening’. I got my PhD in baseball by sitting on my back porch on summer nights listening to the Phillies. Four houses down and around the corner, Mr. Matruder sat out on his porch as well. As the game unfolded, he explained to me everything that was going on behind the scenes. He told me how the players were repositioning themselves as the count changed, how the managers had options to bunt or hit-and-run and how the pitcher and catcher were working to try to set up the hitter. Given the same situation today, I’m sure my parents would have him arrested for spending three hours a night talking to an eight year old. For all the talk about baseball not having enough action, I've always wondered why they have not thought to hire ‘docents’ to take small groups of kids to games and point out the nuances to help them understand the game (and the game within the game). -Scott Delp When I started in on this assignment, I assumed I would just pick the one good Mike Schmidt commercial I could find. Turns out, the man was a golden god of weird ads, from early dish-era cable ads (PRISM!) and 7-Up All Star shorts, Schmiddy ran the gamut during his years in Philadelphia. But there’s something so deeply distressing about this Chevrolet ad from somewhere between 1979-1990. The thrumming techno underneath resembles the soundtrack complementing the more disturbing moments of a Cronenberg film. The premise of the commercial -- Mike Schmidt is going to whale on a pick-up truck with a baseball bat just to see what happens -- should have come out of a too-on-the-nose satirical magazine, not an actual advertising firm. And the moral of the commercial is obtuse at best: you can hit the exact center of the weird polymer grill of your Chevy with as much force as you want and not break it. The rest of the truck, well, use your best judgment. But the weirdest moment is Schmidt’s central line: “The lawyers told me I couldn’t hit a Ford like this. Know why?” Then a brief pause as he smiles fiendishly, points the bat at the camera and says “You know why!” If anyone’s darkest desire is to know what Mike Schmidt would look like just before he caves in your skull with a bat for not buying Chevy Strong? Well, here you go. -Trevor Strunk We hope you've enjoyed this little tour through, if not the lifeblood of baseball, some of its various spiritual lampreys. If you enjoy this material and would like to support it, consider creating or upgrading your subscription to this site. If we reach 100 new subscribers through the month of June, Craig has promised to release a video covering "Baseball, Hot Dogs, Apple Pie and Chevrolet." Related Content:  Advertisements 3 comments have been left for this article. BP Comment Quick Links code of conduct gra (24655) Chicks Did the Long Ball summed up baseball since 1921, the forgotten truth of everyone's embrace of the steroid era, the under appreciation of the Atlanta Braves, and the career arch of Heather Locklear ... and something about shoes.... May 29, 2017 06:57 AM link rating: 3   Dodger300 (3120) The greatest baseball commercial of all time is conspicuous by its absence: https://youtu.be/hKAJIvQRSzE May 29, 2017 10:50 AM link rating: 0   kcshankd (1089) No discussion of baseball commercials is complete without these: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=miller+lite+baseball+commercial May 29, 2017 11:42 AM link rating: 1   You must be a Premium subscriber or have a Fantasy subscription to post a comment. Not a subscriber? Sign up today! << Previous Article What You Need to Know:... (05/29) << Previous Column Short Relief: The Intr... (05/26) No Next Column Next Article >> Prospectus Feature: Th... (05/29) RECENTLY AT BASEBALL PROSPECTUS Transaction Analysis: Big City, Georgia Deep, But Playable: Jurickson Profar's Path ... Circle Change: Truth Comes to the Mound The Call-Up: Franchy Cordero What You Need to Know: Blown Away Short Relief: And Now Some Words On Our Spon... Prospectus Feature: The Ervin Santana Disagr... MORE FROM MAY 29, 2017 Prospectus Feature: The Ervin Santana Disagr... What You Need to Know: Blown Away The Call-Up: Franchy Cordero MORE BY BP STAFF 2017-05-29 - Short Relief: And Now Some Words On Our Spon... 2017-04-03 - Prospectus Feature: Pre-Season Staff Predict... 2017-02-11 - BP Job Postings: Minnesota Twins Advance Sco... 2017-01-27 - BP Unfiltered: Vote for the SABR Analytics R... More... MORE SHORT RELIEF 2017-05-29 - Short Relief: And Now Some Words On Our Spon... 2017-05-26 - Short Relief: The Intricate Dreams of Papas ... 2017-05-25 - Short Relief: Toasting Bartolo, Reviewing Br... 2017-05-24 - Short Relief: Votto's Insult Comedy, Weaver'... More... BP Home  |  Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy  |  Customer Service  |  Newsletter  |  Masthead  |  Glossary  |  Contact Us Major League Baseball trademarks and copyrights are used with permission of MLB Advanced Media, L.P. All rights reserved. Copyright © 1996-2017 Baseball Prospectus, LLC.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 971.47 1.93 9to5Toys Lunch Break: LG 29-inch monitor $229, Lamicall Android dock $6.50, Amazon Echo $140, more Stephen Hall - May. 29th 2017 10:39 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: LG 29-Inch Ultrawide Freesync Monitor: $229 shipped (Reg. $400) Smartphone Accessories: Lamicall iPhone/ Android Dock $6.50, more Amazon’s Echo and Echo Dot now up to $40 off for Prime members Review: Logitech’s Z537 Speaker System gives your Mac the audio it deserves [Video] 9to5Rewards: Sphero’s Star Wars BB-8 smartphone-controlled droid [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: This Brother Wireless Printer w/ AirPrint is an Amazon favorite, now $100 (Reg. $130) Kindle Voyager E-Reader (refurb) $135 + up to 80% off Kindle E-Books nonfiction bestsellers Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi + LTE 32GB $579 shipped (Reg. $729) Assassin’s Creed Identity for iOS drops to just $1 (Reg. $5) Multiponk’s local iOS multiplayer free for first time in years (Reg. $3) Minimalist iOS puzzler Klocki goes free for first time in nearly a year Lumino City’s handcrafted worlds drop to lowest price ever at $1 (Reg. $5) Mini Metro’s fantastic puzzle action hits lowest price this year at $1 (Reg. $5) Infinity Blade trilogy now down to just $1 each on iOS (Reg. up to $7) The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is now just $1 on the App Store (Reg. $7) Crazy Taxi’s wild iOS arcade racing now free for first time in years (Reg. $5) Cartoon Network’s iOS RPG Attack the Light hits lowest price in years: $1 (Reg. $3) Apple’s Great Games for $1 Sale: BADLAND, Assassin’s Creed, many more Best Buy is clearing out official Apple Watch Sport Bands, starting at $34 (or less) Best Memorial Day Sales 2017: Apple Watch, apparel, home goods, more Best Buy Memorial Day Sale: $70 off Apple Watch Series 2, iPad mini 4 $300, more! Apple’s 15-inch MacBook Pro 512GB gets a nearly $400 discount for Memorial Day Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro gets $124 discount, priced from $475 In-ear Headphones: AmazonBasics w/ Remote $7, Bose QuietComfort 20 $180 AmazonBasics Explorer Backpack for up to 15-inch MacBooks: $16 (Reg. $30) Mophie Juice Pack Reserve Battery Case for iPhone 6/s: $30 (Reg. $50) Epson VS240 LCD Projector with HDMI input: $240 shipped (Reg. $300) Slayaway Camp and its Minecraft-like horror gets very first price drop: $2 Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Warhammer, Bokeh Lens, more Today’s Best Game Deals: Prey $40, GTA V $30, Witcher 3 $20, more Daily Deals: SanDisk Ultra 128GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive $28, more Nordstrom Rack Clearance Event w/ extra 25% off L.L. Bean offers rare 20% off discount for Memorial Day Grab an Intex queen-sized self-inflating bed for $35 Oral-B Black Pro 1000 Electric Toothbrush just $30 shipped (Reg. $40+) More Memorial Day magazine deals: ESPN + Insider 2yrs for $8 shipped NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: How-to build your very own LEGO fidget spinner Homsecure alerts your iOS/Android device when your existing smoke alarms go off Smacircle S1 eBike fits in your backpack to make storage a breeze DEWALT overhauls Bluetooth Connect system w/ new tools, trackers, more Gogoro’s second gen electric scooter has a lower price, same power Pokemon’s Magikarp Jump splashes onto iOS and Android for worldwide release Makerball is a DIY Pinball Machine that is completely customizable IK Multimedia debuts new beast Mac synth w/ Moog, Prophet, Oberheim sampler-instruments 8Bitdo rolls out free Nintendo Switch support for all its retro-style controllers Two:35 is a computer building kit for kids that can actually get them certification DJI’s new $499 Spark drone offers gesture controls, compact design [Gallery] Sphero unveils iOS-controlled Lightning McQueen racer for $300 BIKI is an underwater 4K camera drone that can go wherever you swim Belkin intros new line of compact Pocket Power banks starting at $20 Ambi Climate returns with its second generation Alexa-enabled air conditioner controller Haikara smartwatch focuses on fashion with customizable watch faces and bands This Vintage Vinyl Bluetooth Speaker is actually made out of reclaimed records Beyond Zero’s liquor freezer puts your cocktail “in the rocks” NikeLab releases urban commuter, all-condition ACG.07.KMTR Monoprice is now making a professional quality 3D Printer at just $159 Love Hultén’s new vintage-inspired mahogany Astovox Hi-Fi System Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Verizon offers $50 Visa Gift Card w/ Samsung Gear 360 VR Google Home $99 (Reg. $129) for Express shoppers Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! 2-Pack Anker Screen Protectors for iPhone 7/Plus $4, more Pad & Quill offering 20% off leather/linen iPad & Apple Watch accessories iHome SmartPlug with HomeKit/Alexa hits Amazon all-time low: $42 shipped Twelve South TimePorter for Apple Watch now $40 (Reg. $50) Apple’s official Silicone iPhone 7 cases are on sale at Amazon from $24 Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 shipped (Reg. $99) Memorial Day Magazine Sale from under $5/yr: HD Movies to own for $5 at Amazon Ninja Nutri Bowl Blender at $80 shipped (Reg. $100+) Grab a Moto Z Play for $6/mo, or Droid at $10/mo Super Phantom Cat platformer free on the App Store  Lenovo Chromebook w/ touchscreen $350 (Orig $600) Stanley 16-Ounce Hammer $16 + more tool deals Yale Touchscreen Z-Wave Deadbolt for $128 (Orig. $245) Netgear Nighthawk AC1750 Router for $89 shipped (Reg. $109) Aukey 150W Power Inverter w/ Outlet and USB Port only $10 Mophie Juice Pack Battery for iPhone 7/Plus for $50 Logitech K750 Wireless Keyboard (cert. refurb) now $30 JBL Charge 2+ Splashproof Bluetooth Speaker $60 (Reg. $80) DODOcase Memorial Day Sale 25% off Twelve South BackPack for Mac Storage Shelf at $25 Monoprice 15W Tube Amplifier $50 (Reg. $80) Ringke iPhone 7/Plus and Galaxy S8/Plus casess for $4 Belkin Memorial Day Sale 30% off PS4 Slim 500GB Call of Duty Bundle now just $220 Puma takes an extra 20% off Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Connected home Logitech POP: How a button changed the way I interact with my smart home By Mikah Sargent Monday, May 29, 2017 at 12:00 pm EDT 0 Comments Mikah Sargent is Senior Editor at Mobile Nations. When he's not bothering his chihuahuas, Mikah spends entirely too much time and money on HomeKit products. You can follow him on Twitter at @mikahsargent if you're so inclined. The HomeKit-enabled Logitech POP Smart Button puts smart home control at your fingertips. I've been excited about Logitech's HomeKit-enabled POP Smart Button since the company's announcement back in April. See, Apple's HomeKit has offered support for programmable buttons for awhile but the POP is the first one available for purchase. Why's a button worth getting excited about? Here's a little of what I wrote in the announcement post: Put in physical terms, you hit the button and stuff happens in your house: You might have it set up to turn on all the lights in your kitchen, turn down the thermostat, or lock the front door — the possibilities are endless! I've been itching to add a programmable button to my HomeKit home because of those endless possibilities. There's something delightful about having a physical, dedicated button that can control my home. It's sort of like a light switch with extra super powers. Logitech sent me a HomeKit-enabled Logitech POP Smart Button Kit a couple weeks ago. I've since put the device through its paces and I'm happy to report it's just as handy as I was hoping! Unboxing the POP Smart Button Kit The Logitech POP Smart Button Kit comes in a small white box and contains both a POP Smart Button and the newly updated HomeKit-enabled POP bridge. The bridge connects to your Wi-Fi network and communicates with the POP Smart Button. You can connect multiple POP Smart Buttons to a POP bridge. The first thing you'll notice is how small the devices are — both the bridge and Smart Button are 6 cm x 6 cm squares. It actually took me a second to figure out which was the button and which was the bridge (hint: The bridge has a plug on the back). The POP Smart Button comes in four colors — white, coral, teal, and alloy — but the Smart Button Kit includes a white button and bridge. The POP is made of a lightweight plastic with a rubberized coating that feels really good in the hand. It's almost entirely button — the front of the device features a raised, über-clicky circle that's very forgiving of imprecise presses. It was easy for my hand to find and press the POP no matter the lighting conditions. The bridge is also made of a lightweight plastic, but while the front of the bridge (which is also a button) features the same rubberized coating, the sides are a glossy white that's reminiscent of Apple's accessories and peripherals. I'm quite fond of the POP bridge because, unlike the other two smart device bridges in my home (Philips Hue and Lutron Caséta) it's incredibly small and self-contained. You don't have to fiddle with external power supplies or ethernet cords; you just plug it in and get going. Along with the devices, the box contains all the necessary paperwork (a setup guide, safety warnings, warranty information, etc.) and a thick (reusable) piece of mounting tape for sticking the POP wherever your heart desires. Setting up the POP Smart Button There are two methods for setting up your POP Smart Button: Logitech POP app: If you choose to set up the POP Smart Button using the Logitech POP app, you can't take advantage of its HomeKit compatibility. The button will work with these compatible devices. Home app for iOS: If you choose to set up the Pop Smart Button using the Home app for iOS, you can take advantage of its HomeKit compatibility but it will only work with HomeKit (you won't be able to control your Sonos speakers, for example). Because I wanted to use this device with my HomeKit-enabled accessories, I set up the device using the Home app for iOS. Thanks to Apple's super-simple set up process, I had no trouble getting the POP ready and rolling. How to set up the POP Smart Button Choose a spot for your HomeKit-enabled POP bridge and plug it in. The bridge needs to be able to communicate with both your Wi-Fi router and any POP Smart Buttons you connect to it, so it's best to put it in a centrally located area (likely where your router is). Wait for the LED light on the POP bridge to flash. Launch the Home app for iOS. Tap Add in the top right corner of the app (looks like a plus sign). Tap Add Accessory. Tap to add the Logitech POP bridge. Tap Allow to add the POP bridge to your Wi-Fi network. Scan the HomeKit code to add the POP bridge. (You can find the code on the side of the POP bridge and on the plastic container in which the bridge was packed. If you'd like, you can name the POP bridge and specifty its location. Tap Next. If you'd like, you can name the POP Smart Button and specify its location. Tap Done. Note: I also set up the device using the Logitech POP app. The process was simple and the app makes it easy to switch between the two compatibility modes (HomeKit and non-HomeKit). I paired and reset the POP bridge and Smart Button a couple times to see if setup would prove finicky. On one occasion, I had trouble getting the POP bridge to appear in the HomeKit Accessories list; factory resetting the POP bridge fixed the problem. Logitech has a support article with a step-by-step guide for factory resetting the POP bridge and Smart Button: Factory Resetting Your POP Adding actions to the POP Smart Button The whole point of the POP is push-button smart home control and this button doesn't disappoint. The POP offers three gestures that can be used to trigger different actions: single press, double press, and long press. In a perfect world I'd also have a triple press, but my perfect world ignores the fact that too many gestures can get unnecessarily complicated. I knew I wanted to use the first POP (I plan to get more) in my office to quickly turn on and off all the lights in that room. The third Long Press gesture was a freebie that I decided to use for setting my Good Night Scene, which locks my front door, lowers the thermostat, dims a couple lights in my living room, and turns off all the rest of the lights in my home. I'll walk you through my process for setting up the following three actions: Single Press: Turn on all the lights in my office. Double Press: Turn off all the lights in my office. Long Press: Set my Good Night Scene. How to add actions Launch the Home app for iOS. Find the POP Smart Button Accessory and 3D Touch or long press on the icon. Tap Details. Next to Single Press tap Add. Choose the Accessories you want to control. Tap Next. Adjust the Accessories to your desired settings (I want Single Press to turn on all the lights). Tap Done. Next to Double Press tap Add. Choose the Accessories you want to control. Tap Next. Adjust the Accessories to your desired settings (I want Double Press to turn on all the lights). Tap Done. Next to Long Press tap Add. Choose the Accessories you want to control. Tap Next. Adjust the Accessories to your desired settings (I want Long Press to set my Good Night Scene). Tap Done. Give each of the actions a try to make sure the POP Smart Button's working how you'd hoped! Responsiveness of the POP Smart Button Once I got my actions loaded in, I spent some time testing the POP's responsiveness. I'm used to smart home automations taking a little bit too much time and I was prepared for the same from the POP (yikes, talk about pessimism!). I'd argue there's nothing more important for a smart home controller than its responsiveness — especially if that controller is a switch. Think about a regular ol' light switch connected to a regular ol' light bulb: As soon as you flip that switch your lights either turn on or turn off; any delay and you begin to wonder if something's wrong. While I would like to count on the same responsiveness from smart home devices, I'm a realist: Wi-Fi signals just don't travel as fast as electricity in a circuit. All that said, I was — and am — incredibly impressed with the POP's responsiveness. My pessimistic expectations were shattered a couple times over by the speed of the POP Smart Button and Apple's HomeKit. I press the button and my lights turn on — not always all at once, but they turn on. Save for the ultra-responsive Philips Hue Motion Sensor, this is the most dependable, reactive controller I've tested. Press on! I'm looking forward to adding more POP Smart Buttons throughout my home, giving each room a reliable way to control the various gadgets I've installed. As a smart home enthusiast, I'm still navigating the tricksy waters of smart home control for my guests. The POP — and any other programmable buttons and switches that come to market — is particularly valuable in helping solve for this problem. Here's what I wrote in response to the question, "How is this better than talking to Siri or Alexa or using the Home app?": I would argue none of the home-control methods you mentioned are better than any of the others. They're all different and they all make sense in different contexts and with different people. My partner loves using Alexa to control the smart devices in our home — I regularly hear him chatting with Alexa about dimming the lights and turning on the fan. I prefer to use the iOS Home app to do most of my smart home control most of the time! My guests almost never want to get an invite to use the iOS Home app during their visit, and many don't care to talk to Alexa or the Google Assistant. They prefer physical controls. The POP Smart Button is a physical control for guests and a multi-purpose device for me. Having that physical button with so much capability isn't only incredibly convenient, it's ideal. After using it for a couple weeks, I can confirm it truly is ideal. I've yet to use the mounting tape included in the Smart Button Kit, 'cause I've taken to carrying the POP around with me from room to room like it's my child. Where can you get a POP Smart Button? Logitech is currently sold out of the HomeKit-enabled POP Smart Button Kit on its own site, but you can find the kit in Apple retail stores. Logitech says the updated kit is set to hit Apple's online store "soon." Still have questions about the Logitech POP Smart Button? Check out our FAQ! Logitech POP Smart Button — everything you need to know! Reader comments Logitech POP: How a button changed the way I interact with my smart home 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search the mothership Apple Maps now lets you browse the new Apple Park campus in all its 3D glory By Mikah Sargent Monday, May 29, 2017 at 9:53 am EDT 0 Comments You've gotta check out these detailed 3D renderings of the new Apple Park campus that the company just added to Apple Maps! When you've got a quick second, launch Apple Maps or utter the phrase, "Hey Siri, show me Apple Park in Cupertino, California," and check out the nifty 3D renderings of Apple's new campus. It's not clandestine 4K drone footage, but it gives you a sense of the detailed structures currently being built by the company. Along with the massive circular structure (that features a perfectly circular pond in its inner ring), you can see several other buildings and landmarks. Notably, the Steve Jobs Theater sits off to one side and the rendering shows the overhanging circular roof and the raised areas beneath. You can also see the massive parking structures and the ramps that lead up to them. The satellite imagery isn't quite as clean and crisp as the new 3D renderings, but they're certainly worth checking out as well. You can get an idea of the massive construction effort by counting the dozens of cranes on the property. It also helps you get an idea of just how big these structures are in comparison to the tiny cars parked all over the site. By the way, if you're not in California and want to check out the renderings, be sure to add "Cupertino, California" to your search query. When I searched for "Apple Park" (I live in the Midwest), Apple Maps showed me an orchard in Kansas. Learn more about Apple Park Want to learn more about Apple's new mothership Apple Park campus? Check out our other posts! Apple Park and the Steve Jobs Theater, opening soon Stroll through Apple Park with Steven Levy What do you think? Do the 3D renderings have you excited for the completion of Apple's new campus or are the buildings not living up to your expectations? Sound off in the comments! Reader comments Apple Maps now lets you browse the new Apple Park campus in all its 3D glory 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Prevent WannaCry Malware Variants by Disabling This Windows 10 Setting Security Windows Prevent WannaCry Malware Variants by Disabling This Windows 10 Setting Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad iPhone and iPad Creative Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad Tim Brookes May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 6 minutes Move Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPad Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Apple might have made GarageBand free Download iMovie, GarageBand, Pages, and iWork Free for Mac and iOS Download iMovie, GarageBand, Pages, and iWork Free for Mac and iOS Every Apple user can now download Pages, Numbers, Keynote, Garageband and iMovie completely free of charge, but what are they good for? Read More for all Mac and iOS users, but there’s another free app eating up my spare time called Auxy. Winner of a 2016 Apple Design Award, the app treads a fine line between accessibility and power that makes it one of the best self-contained iOS music creation tools 5 iOS Digital Audio Workstations For Producers On a Budget 5 iOS Digital Audio Workstations For Producers On a Budget So you've transformed your iPad into an endlessly evolving musical instrument, programmed your own tight drum beats and discovered the huge potential of AudioBus. You've sacrificed disk space for samples and your bank balance for... Read More to date. If you’ve never tried making music on your iPhone before, Auxy is the perfect introduction. No Musical Knowledge Required The creative iOS music app scene is a crowded one. There are drum machines like DM-1 ($5) and Funkbox ($5) alongside faithful analog synth recreations like the Korg iMS-20 ($30) and Animoog ($30). There are grooveboxes like the iMPC Pro ($13) and iMaschine ($10) and complete self-contained studios like Gadget ($40) and Nanostudio ($7). There are even serious production tools like Auria Pro ($50) and a system for routing audio and MIDI between apps How to Use CoreMIDI for Music Production on an iPad or iPhone [iOS] How to Use CoreMIDI for Music Production on an iPad or iPhone [iOS] Apple added Core MIDI to iOS 4.2 and since then app developers have been implementing MIDI functionality into their apps. This means you can use your iOS device as both a MIDI controller and with... Read More called Audiobus ($10). While these apps are purpose-built and powerful, many lack the pick-up-and-play user-friendliness on which iOS as a platform was built. Previously the only other app that I’d fallen for like Auxy is the still-excellent and now-free app Figure. Five years after Figure’s initial release, Auxy has unseated it from the top of its user-friendly throne. Central to Auxy’s success is its note editor for creating melodies and drum patterns. Unlike Figure, which hides patterns and instead relies on exacting “live” recording and overdubbing, Auxy gives you access to possibly the best note editor ever seen in an iOS app. Understanding the note editor is easy, regardless of your level of experience. Tap to draw notes, drag to change their length, and combine multiple notes to create chords and other interesting effects. Add a drum beat, sprinkle some percussion over the top, then sit back and admire your work. Building Scenes and Expanding Auxy Making the most of Auxy means mastering the note editor. Add instruments to tracks, then add patterns to instruments using the plus button. Each instrument can play one pattern at a time, while patterns can be dragged and moved between instruments. The whole setup is ripe for experimentation, without letting you jump too far off the deep end. At the top of each pattern you can change the number of bars within the pattern and the size of the grid (choose 1/32 for especially precise patterns). Hit the Soft button to reduce note velocity, while Solo lets you audition the current part on its own without the rest of your song. You can keep adding instruments, creating new patterns within those instruments, and even move patterns between instruments — just drag horizontally, then drop your melody or drum pattern onto another instrument. You can then use scenes to turn your collection of beats, melodies, and basslines into a song. Tap the small arrow to the right of the main scene view to add, change, and manage your scenes. A scene is essentially your choice of patterns and instruments playing for a number of bars. Tap the plus button to add a scene, drag to reorder, or tap and hold to duplicate. You can tap on a scene to change the number of bars that play, to select which bar to start on, or to move or rename it. Pay attention to the Loop button, which when tapped will loop the current scene. Disable the Loop function to play your scenes in order, like a song. As you experiment and build up confidence, you’ll get better at turning your experiment into a finished track. If you tap on the Settings button in the top-right you can change the basic settings for your current song. That includes tempo (measured in beats per minute), the key, and whether you want to use a minor, minor harmonic, or major scale. If you want the rhythm of your song to sound more natural (like a human drummer) then increase the swing. “I can’t stress enough how you don’t necessarily need an understanding of musical theory to have fun and make music here.” Auxy is a free app, and developers need to eat Why I Buy iPhone Apps (and You Should Too) Why I Buy iPhone Apps (and You Should Too) If I have a choice between a free app and a paid app that do very similar things, I’ll buy the paid app every time. Read More . For $5 a go, you can purchase some new sounds, including a good number of melodic instruments and a few drum kits. Choose from classical pianos to vintage analog keys, modern ambient pads, and energetic leads curated by established producers. Or don’t. You get 51 instruments to play with for free. That should keep you busy for a few weeks at least. A Few Quick Tips In the time I’ve spent playing with Auxy, I’ve discovered a few things that might be useful to newcomers. Swipe left on a project, on the very first screen you see, to Duplicate it. This is handy for remixing existing songs without affecting the original. Because no actual audio is stored (just instrument parameters and instructions), your songs take up very little space at all. You can customize the sound of each instrument by tapping on it. Use the Transition button to set a start and endpoint for an effect, like a slow fade-out or cutting the high frequencies with a low-pass filter. Short one-bar scenes can be used to create fills and breaks in your song to shake things up a bit. Use these in conjunction with transitions to produce some interesting effects. Soft notes are especially useful in creating drum patterns. Changing the velocity with a few well-placed soft notes makes for a more interesting rhythm, and can be used to drastically change the feel of the beat. It’s also often a good idea to separate individual drum parts, even after you’ve constructed one large pattern. Just duplicate your instrument a few times and remove the kicks, snares, and hats as necessary. Tap and hold on an instrument to change its color, label, delete, move, or copy it. You can copy an instrument from one project, open another, and paste the instrument (complete with any patterns). You can even render each instrument and currently-selected pattern as individual uncompressed WAVs How Audio Compression Works, and Can You Really Tell the Difference? How Audio Compression Works, and Can You Really Tell the Difference? In this article, we'll take a look at how music compression works, and whether it has any real effect on how your music actually sounds. Read More under the Export menu. Future Promise When you’re happy with your song, why not share it? Select a project and hit the arrow to reveal your scenes, then hit Export. You’ll need to Render your track as audio, so be patient while it’s recorded to file. You can then Export straight to SoundCloud 7 Reasons Why You Should Start Using SoundCloud Today 7 Reasons Why You Should Start Using SoundCloud Today SoundCloud is often thought of as a hangout for indie kids and backyard bands - a place to discover new music. And that's true to an extent, but it's far from the full story. Read More , or create a compressed video or audio version. For the highest available quality, hit More and choose Uncompressed WAV. What lends Auxy more credibility than apps like Figure is its ability to function as a proper MIDI editor. Every pattern you create or drum beat you program can be exported as a universal MIDI file for use in literally any music production suite. You can then take your creations to new heights using more powerful desktop production suites. Simply choose your track, hit the arrow to reveal your scenes, then hit Export (twice). From here you can choose More, then Export as MIDI. As you grow and become a more proficient producer, you may want to invest in a proper digital audio workstation to turn your patterns into polished productions. Or you can keep using Auxy for what it is: a fun musical tool with some real-world creative uses. If you’ve created anything with Auxy, or any other iOS music apps, we’d love to hear it. Why not drop a link to your SoundCloud in the comments below? Image Credit: Anutr Yossundara via Shutterstock.com Previous PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your SmartphoneNext PostGoogle Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 832 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Smart Home 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Advertisement Related Articles 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) Mac Creative 6 Best Free Mac Digital Audio Workstations (DAWs) How to Make a MIDI Controller with an Arduino DIY How to Make a MIDI Controller with an Arduino Learn Guitar with Jamstik+ (Review and Giveaway) Product Reviews Learn Guitar with Jamstik+ (Review and Giveaway) Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming FRUITY GOSSIP iPhone 8 pictures hint at key features and specs of upcoming Apple smartphone Latest renders of much-anticipated flagship smartphone suggest Apple has big plans for its 10th anniversary gadget By Jasper Hamill 29th May 2017, 5:22 pm Updated: 30th May 2017, 7:12 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments AN Apple expert has produced a pair of images of the iPhone 8 and claimed they are based on leaked blueprints. Benjamin Geskin drew up two artist’s impressions of the upcoming smartphone. Twitter / @VenyaGeskin1 2 It’s claimed this picture shows the back of the iPhone 8, which could have a camera which is arranged vertically The pictures show a vertical camera with twin lenses, suggesting the gadget will be a snapper’s delight. They also show that the front of the phone is entirely covered by a display and indicate it will have no visible fingerprint sensor. If the pics are accurate, this would mean owners will unlock the phone by pressing their digits on the screen rather than on a dedicated scanner. Twitter / @VenyaGeskin1 2 The iPhone 8 may not have a button on the front of it, ditching a design that’s been around since the first iPhone was released 10 years ago The major difference between the iPhone 8 and other models is likely to be an OLED screen which runs from edge-to-edge – a cool visual trick that will be familiar to fans of the Samsung S8. Apple’s iPhone 8 is expected to be a blockbuster update to mark the 10th anniversary of the first gadget’s release. MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE CLOSE ENCOUNTER Nasa admits a UFO smashed into one of its spaceships - but aliens were NOT to blame LOVE ME OR LOVE ME NOT? This website claims to tell you whether your relationship will last forever - or fizzle out SNAKING BETWEEN MEALS Horrifying video shows a snake escaping from inside another serpent's stomach TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 WALK THE PLANK Free film sharing site ExtraTorrent shuts down as government cracks down on pirates Drugs buster Scientists could fight antibiotic-resistance after giving existing drug 'superpowers' Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere BUILT FOR PLEASURE Meet Samantha, the artificially intelligent sex robot who 'REALLY likes to be kissed' 'WE'D LIKE TO HELP' Instagram issues warning about Blue Whale suicide game - but lets users see self harm pics anyway GENTLE GIANT New species of dinosaur that was as long as two-and-a-half double decker BUSES discovered CHIP OFF THE OLD NOK The Nokia 3310 is available TODAY - here are the all-important details 'PLUG AND PLAY' PIRACY The European Court has made a ruling over Kodi boxes - so can you still use them? END OF THE WORLD Mystery planet Nibiru will smash into the Earth in OCTOBER ending human life, claims conspiracy theorist WHICH BREAST IS BEST? Men’s favourite boob type REVEALED by scientists who analysed every shape and size 'I WILL never be in danger' Fashion vlogger Marina Joyce speaks out over claims she was kidnapped by ISIS CHOKE ON THAT Octopus gets last laugh as it suffocates unfortunate dolphin that tried to swallow it whole BOOM TIMES How will the world end? Astronomer reveals six TERRIFYING apocalypse predictions PASSION KILLER! Anti-rape app proves lovers give their consent to sex by taking selfies and getting a PASSWORD STRANGE WORLD Incredible images of Jupiter show 'snow storms' in discovery that's forcing a total rethink of the planet You can read all the rumours about the iPhone 8 here. However, there’s no way of telling exactly what Apple is up to until it unveils its new phone – or phones – later this year. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple Apple Rumours iPhone 8 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular DAMAGE LIMITATION BA boss 'tries to gag staff' over IT meltdown after 'outsourced Indian workers couldn't launch back-up system' News TIGER KILLS KEEPER ROSA First pictures of tragic zookeeper, 33, mauled to death by tiger in horrific attack as families heard her 'blood-curdling scream' News DEAR DEIDRE My cousin is pregnant with my baby after a drunken night of passion at a family party Living REBECCA LYING? Emmerdale fans are convinced that Rebecca White is NOT pregnant after spotting 'clue' at the hospital TV & Showbiz BORN SKIPPY The incredible moment newborn tot stuns midwives as she 'starts walking MINUTES after being born' in a hospital in Brazil Living life's a beach New Love Island lineup reveals sexiest contestants ever with glamour models, Prince Harry's Ex and a pop star looking for fun in the sun TV & Showbiz MIME ACT? Britain’s Got Talent accused of ‘miming scandal’ after children’s choir is hit with technical difficulties TV & Showbiz Pictured Ron on the way? Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez sparks more pregnancy rumours with latest Instagram snap as she visits doctors Football THE GOLDEN DUO Ant and Dec are back with on hosting duty with Britain's Got Talent - but how much are they now worth? TV & Showbiz Exclusive Lee lands a blue-ty queen EastEnders and ex-Blue singer Lee Ryan shows he's moving on with Miss Universe Great Britain TV & Showbiz BUSTING OUT Topless Lisa Appleton protects her modesty with her hands as she strips off in Benidorm TV & Showbiz GANG RAPE HORROR Three women ‘kidnap and rape man, 23, for THREE days’ after force-feeding him energy drinks News WE'RE PORN ADDICTS Meet four Brits who are so obsessed with internet sex that they watch it every morning or can't climax without it — but at what cost? Living what a boob! Steph Davis sparks breastfeeding row as she shares a snap in tight top just months after giving birth TV & Showbiz FAMILY PLANNING Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' sisters Kourtney and Khloe to be a surrogate for her TV & Showbiz Just Published FRUITY GOSSIP Is this the iPhone 8? Apple expert releases pictures 'based on leaked blueprints' Tech SNAKING BETWEEN MEALS Horrifying video shows a snake escaping from inside another serpent's stomach Tech LOVE ME OR LOVE ME NOT? This website claims to tell you whether your relationship will last forever - or fizzle out Tech CLOSE ENCOUNTER Nasa admits a UFO smashed into one of its spaceships - but aliens were NOT to blame Tech CHEEKY MONKEYS Macaques spotted stealing people's stuff and then 'selling it back' in exchange for food Tech JURASSIC LARK How did dinosaurs evolve into birds? Scientists trace the surprising ancestry of modern avians Tech THAT'LL TEACH YOU A school is using facial recognition technology to work out if pupils are paying attention or sleeping at the back Tech JOBCENTRE ZUCK Mark Zuckerberg wants to give everyone a 'universal income' - even if they don't have a job Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE This iPhone 8 Mockup Looks Gorgeous Amazon Introduces First 4K TV With Built-In Fire TV and Alexa [Video] Extra_Recipe + YaluX Jailbreak for iPhone 7 Updated With Substrate and iOS 10.0.x Support Samsung Unveils Stretchable OLED Display [Video] iPhone May Have Saved Woman's Life in Manchester Attack Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park Klocki is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] 2015 iPhone 6s Beats 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 in Speed Test [Video] Apple is Working on Dedicated AI Chip Known as the 'Apple Neural Engine' [Report] Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] TSMC Sources Say New iPhone Has No Home Button, 18.5:9 Display Microsoft Releases Mixer Interactive Live Streaming App for iOS [Video] Watch This Week's 'The New Yorker' Cover Being Drawn on an iPad [Video] Apple Updates Final Cut Pro With Minor Bug Fixes and Stability Improvements Apple Updates iMovie for Mac With Fix for Volume Issue After Transitions Instagram Direct Gets Support for Portrait and Landscape Orientation, Plus Links Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 14 hours ago by iClarified · 2154 views · Translate Apple Maps has been updated with a 3D view of Apple Park. To check out the new 3D view on your iOS device, just search for Apple Park in Maps, zoom in and then swipe up with two fingers on the screen to change perspective. You can also check out the 3D view of Apple Park in Maps on macOS. Just search for Apple Park and click the 3D button at the bottom right of the screen. Apple's new campus is nearing completion with employees already said to be slowing moving in. Wired recently got an exclusive look inside the main building, check that out here. Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple still towers over other IT companies in quarterly revenues and profits, but there are changes in the chasing pack Putting the latest quarterly financial results into a bar-chart shows just how much the IT world has changed since IBM ruled the world. Today, Apple is ahead in both turnover and profits, but other companies are changing places By Jack Schofield for Jack's Blog | May 29, 2017 -- 16:18 GMT (09:18 PDT) | Topic: Tech Industry Tech companies often have different fiscal years and announce their quarterly result on different days, so it's hard to make comparisons, even if you have a superhuman memory. However, a simple bar chart makes the obvious point: the old order has changed. IBM no longer dwarfs every other IT company. That function has been taken over by Apple. Worse, IBM has fallen behind Google and Microsoft in the pecking order, and it is nowhere near as profitable (see below). I last did this exercise two years ago in Apple towers over other IT companies in quarterly results. If you compare bar charts, Google's advance (more accurately, Alphabet's advance) is the most notable difference, though Facebook has also done well. Apple's turnover appears to have slumped dramatically, but this isn't the case. Apple's results are seasonal and the numbers in the previous bar charts were for a different quarter. The two charts also differ for other reasons. First, I've dropped Yahoo, which is now irrelevant, and replaced it with Oracle. Second, HP now appears as two companies instead of one. The old HP has been split into HP Inc, which includes PCs and printers, and HP Enterprise, which includes the serious IT products and services. The original idea was that the PC business was holding back the share price of the enterprise part of HP. This split has not quite gone as some anticipated. The PC part of HP has shown new life and become the world's largest PC supplier, while HP Enterprise has not seen a similar lift. My timing is bad in that HPE reports its next quarterly results later this week, on May 31. Analysts are projecting a large decrease in revenues (-24 percent year-on-year) from $12.7 billion to $9.6bn. See Hewlett Packard Enterprise Earnings Face 'Significant Headwinds' at Seeking Alpha for details. The next time I do this, I'll include Dell Technologies which, following the merger with EMC, is currently a company in transition. In March, Dell announced fourth quarter revenues of $20.1bn with an operating loss of $1.7bn. In the full year, Dell declared revenues of $61.6bn and an operating loss of $3.3bn. It also paid off $7bn of debt. Dell, like HP Inc, reported some success in its PC business, with 11 million shipments representing year-over-year increase of 8.2 percent. It also claimed it "regained the No. 1 worldwide server unit share position driven by strength in the mainstream PowerEdge business". As an IT professional, you should keep half an eye on the leading companies' financial performance because nobody wants to buy from a company that looks like struggling in the foreseeable future. We have all seen the once mighty fall: DEC, Data General, Wang and Prime are examples. Following its 20 consecutive quarters of year-on-year declines in revenue, it's not hard to spot today's weak link. Remember when nobody ever got fired for buying IBM? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Tech Industry US might extend laptop ban to all international flights Tech Industry Final BlackBerry, Qualcomm settlement reaches $940 million Developer Raspberry Pi extends its reach: Now it's merging with global coding skills network Big Data Analytics Splunk satisfies Q1 targets, raises outlook for fiscal year × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Apple will reportedly bring AI technology to its chips Apple will reportedly bring AI technology to its chips Home » Apple » Apple will reportedly bring AI technology to its chips Posted By Martha Papadimitriou on May 29, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 According to a report Apple is working on a chip named Apple Neural Engine source: https://storiesofworld.com/brand-logos-and-its-hidden-meaning/2/ Artificial intelligence is one of the hottest trends of 2017. And Apple would not miss an opportunity regarding AI. After all Siri is the most famous AI product since 2011. But, now things have changed and according to a Bloomberg report the company is working on a chip dedicated AI chip, in order to boost the performance. The chip is reportedly called Neural Engine and a person familiar with project said that it will improve devices like iPhones and iPads to handle tasks such as facial and speech recognition. Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures said about the company’s plans: “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Now, according to the report this new chip will take the load from the main processor and the graphics chip. This means that the overall performance will be better and of course the battery life will become better. Also the AI chip is designed to bring major improvements to the company’s hardware and the main goal is to bring the chip in devices like the iPhone and iPad. In addition the person with the knowledge about the subject indicated that the tech giant has already tested some prototypes of future iPhones with the chip. But, it’s not sure that the chip will be available ay time soon. However it is possible that Apple will choose to reveal something about their AI projects at the WWDC in June. The same source claims that the tech giant will introduce the newest operating system iOS 11, for iPhones and iPads, with an updated interface. And they might say something about the laptops with chips from Intel. It seems that Apple doesn’t want to stay to far behind from its competitors. Amazon has Echo with many new features and Google Home is pretty popular. So artificial intelligence is a crucial part from the company’s future. Also, since 2010 the California-based company is working on its own processors in-house. Besides the A4 chip for iPhone and iPad they have released the processors for the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. Apple didn’t want to make a statement about the chip and maybe the developer’s conference is the place to do it. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Martha Papadimitriou Martha is a journalist, a blog writer, a mother and a bookworm. She studied Journalism and Communication and graduated in 2002. She has a restless spirit and loves to learn new things. Martha also wants to make the world a better place, and when she is not working she enjoys reading and cooking. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Snapchat now requires you to activate location services when using basic features May 29, 2017 Pinterest adds autoplay video ads to Home Feed May 27, 2017 Facebook expands the features of its fundraising tool May 26, 2017 Snapchat launches new tool to help you create custom geofilters May 25, 2017 Facebook’s latest changes make it easier to spot trending topics May 24, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 0 Apple could open an app development center in Jakarta, the capital and the most populous city of Indonesia and home to an upcoming Apple research and development center. According to a source who spoke with Japanese outlet Nikkei, Apple’s app development center will open in suburban Jakarta as early as October, allowing the company to start selling its newest phones in Indonesia. The Cupertino technology giant currently relies on a network of resellers to push iPhones in the country as the devices are unavailable through its online store in Indonesia. But what do apps have to do with hardware sales? Nikkei explains that Indonesia in 2015 imposed regulatory rules requiring phones sold in the country to use at least 30 percent locally procured components by 2017. Apple did not set up local production in the country, but last year the government had a change of heart and now counts locally developed mobile apps as “locally produced” content for smartphones. Sensing an opportunity, Apple is now set to open an app development facility in Jakarta. However, the policy change has drawn the ire of Samsung, which in 2015 established a smartphone production line inside its existing manufacturing plant in suburban Jakarta. “Had the rule on app development come earlier, the South Korean company could have saved a lot of money by using Apple’s approach,” added Nikkei. “Policy shift means Apple can meet the quota with a smaller investment,” reads the article. Similar sourcing requirements for foreign goods have prevented Apple from selling iPhones directly to customers in India. Recently, however, Apple and the Indian government have come to terms of doing business locally, paving the way for iPhone SE production in the country. Tagged: Apple Apps Government Indonesia News MORE FROM iDB Chinese government takes issue with live streaming apps on App Store Facebook halts WhatsApp data collection in UK following privacy probe How to post images to Instagram via mobile web Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to change iPhone keyboard layout Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Video: Samsung’s stretchable AMOLED prototype display in action Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations Accessories New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Latest News Dow 21,080 -2.67 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,210 +4.94 +0.08% S&P 500 2,416 +0.75 +0.03% 3:04 A.M. ET Manuel Noriega, former dictator of Panama, dead at 83 3:02 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens down 0.4% to 7,511.72 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index open 0.9% to 5,281.20 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens down 0.4% to 12,582 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens down 0.4% at 389.88 2:54 A.M. ET French consumer confidence at highest since 2007 2:22 A.M. ET Updated Lingerie maker Nubian Skin brings nuance to the underwear color ‘nude’ 2:19 A.M. ET Singapore fines Credit Suisse in 1MDB probe 2:18 A.M. ET BMW production slowed on Bosch parts shortage 2:17 A.M. ET RBS investors accept £200 million settlement 2:12 A.M. ET Updated Chipotle’s data breach: How to tell if you may have been a victim 1:43 A.M. ET Nikkei eases as nervous investors push yen higher 1:06 A.M. ET Ryanair posts 6% rise in profit, upbeat on year 1:05 A.M. ET Australian home-building approvals rise 1:05 A.M. ET Elliot Management loses dispute with Akzo Nobel 1:04 A.M. ET Japan jobs-to-applicants ratio highest in decades 5/29 John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn 5/29 Trump Honors Fallen Soldiers at Memorial Day Ceremony 5/29 Updated Weekend roundup: Take emotion out of your investing decisions | How one retailer keeps people coming in the door | More money milestones 5/29 Updated This former CEO wants a luxury tax on CEO pay Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale $27,000 Apple Watch look-alikes are nearly sold out, but they can only tell time By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 29, 2017 10:39 a.m. ET Share For some people, the ‘true luxury’ is time, says Swiss maker H. Moser & Cie Not your Apple Watch. The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter When wealthy individuals started snapping up a limited run of a high-end luxury watched that looks like an Apple Watch, yet has none of the high-tech features, the Swiss watchmaker responsible said it was simply about time. The nearly 200-year Switzerland-based company, H. Moser & Cie, announced its $26,900 timepiece — The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — via a press release last week. The rectangular case and glossy black dial — sans label — of the Zzzz could be “mistaken for a smartwatch on standby,” the company said. Among those it resembles is Apple’s AAPL, -0.17%  own Watch. But the Zzzz has one function only: it tells the time. “In response to the cold electronics of connected watches, H. Moser & Cie. presents the soul of mechanical watchmaking. With a minimum power reserve of 4 days, fully rechargeable by hand, it couldn’t be further from the world of the smartwatch,” said the company. At the high end of Apple’s own smartwatch offerings is a $1,499 Hermès inspired watch with a barenia leather, double-cuff band. Meanwhile, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz sports a solid 18 carat white-gold diamond case, with a sapphire crystal. The back is see-through, so that you can take a peek at the fine Swiss watch detailing. If a glossy black dial isn’t your thing, you can also pick the Funky Blue dial, “an example of watchmaking yin and yang,” said the company. Choice of straps for the Swiss piece are “hand-stitched black alligator or beige kudu leather,” which come with an 18-carat “solid white gold pin buckle engraved with the Moser logo.” So exclusive is this high-end anti-smartwatch that it is limited to a run of just 20. And too bad if you’re moved to part with thousands for a watch that will only give you the time of day, as they’re 90% sold out, H. Moser’s public relations manager Nathalie Cobos, told MarketWatch in a telephone interview on Monday. H. Moser & Cie The “Brrr” She added that the cool blue version, nicknamed the “Brrrr,” was especially popular among clients who snapped up the watch. As Cobos explained, the watch was pre-presented in Basel in March at a trade show, and many were preordered subsequently. Of that 90%, she said Asian clients scooped up 50%, Europe 25% and then the Middle East another 25%. U.S. clients, she said, weren’t so responsive. But why would anyone want to pay nearly $27,000 for a watch that does nothing but tell time? “It’s more than a watch, it is a statement,” says Cobos, adding that the Zzzz taps into the current debate about being too connected trough wearable devices. “Lots of our customers, they have already a smartwatch and they use it for other purposes and they’d love to have a mechanical, traditional watch,” she says. “I think there are a lot of people who say the true luxury is time.” And a watch that just does what they were set out to do gives individuals “more time for them. To get back their own values and get more focused on themselves and their family and the ones they love, instead of always being connected,” she said. Read: The truly hip go for the pocketwatch Cobos says one of the biggest selling points of the Zzzz is its lack of a logo. They trialed a no-logo concept with another watch collection, though they were discouraged to try to sell a pricey watch without a label. However, demand for the logo-less watch soared, and they realized they were onto something. Besides, she said, those who love the company’s watches can tell the make without a logo. “Traditionally speaking, when branding wasn’t so important, when watchmakers first produced, they signed their name on the back of the watch,” which she says they’re now returning to. As for smartwatches? It’s not going to happen, she says — “We don’t know how to do that.” Read: Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Bloomberg News Apple Watch pictured April 10, 2015. Meanwhile back in Cupertino: Apple’s own watches, along with headphones and other accessories, brought in $2.87 billion in the most recent quarter, handily beating analysts expectations, even as its iPhone unit sales disappointed. A survey from earlier this year by International Data Corp. showed the craze for wearables has been steadily rising, and the craze is far from dead. However, Fossil Group FOSL, -4.75%  , best known for fashion watches with a retro design, has found the push into wearables isn’t so easy. Richemont CFR, +0.00%  , owner of the Cartier brand, also posted an underwhelming recent quarter for watch sales and Swatch, best known for its non-pricey plastic watches, but also the owner of luxury brands, such as Omega, Blancpain and Breguet, said 2016 was just “not a winning year.” Last year, of course, marked a tough year for Swiss watchmakers amid a decline in Chinese tourists and terrorism worries. Some say, the turnaround has now begun. More from MarketWatch More Coverage These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 4 reasons why Donald Trump will be re-elected in 2020 Quote References AAPL -0.26 -0.17% FOSL -0.56 -4.75% CFR +0.00 +0.00% Most Popular This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn If You Had to Pick: Facebook or Snap? Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.61 -0.26 (-0.17%) Volume 21.2M Open $154.00 High $154.24 Low $153.31 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Fossil Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FOSL $11.23 -0.56 (-4.75%) Volume 3.6M Open $11.78 High $11.80 Low $11.04 P/E Ratio 22.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 544.3M Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Switzerland: SWX Europe: CFR CHF81.25 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 563.7K Open CHF81.25 High CHF81.30 Low CHF80.90 P/E Ratio 35.06 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 46.7B
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fitch downgrades IDBI Bank's rating on deteriorating finances in 2 years Business Standard Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Chennai/Bengaluru  May 30, 2017 Last Updated at 01:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVpYj4 . ALSO READ Facebook seeks to up-end digital payment market Facebook files patent application for payment services via messages Natco partner clears one patent hurdle for US generic launch US always had black inventors - even when patent system excluded them . Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. Read More On Apple | Facebook | Digital Payments | Patent Application | Ispirt | India Patent Act | Apple And Facebook Eye Control Of Digital Payments In India | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country > Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services - Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in ... . Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple, Facebook eye control of digital payments IP in India Both firms have made several applications for patents pertaining to digital payments in the country . Apple has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past one year for innovations related to digital payments as it looks at services as a way to boost sales of its iPhones in India. Last week, social networking giant Facebook made a patent application for a digital wallet baked into an instant messaging services -- Messenger and WhatsApp presumably. The influx of patent applications comes at a time when India is pushing for electronic payments as a tool to bring in more people into formal economy and increase its tax base. Apple's patent applications range from innovations around using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. The move points at the company preparing to bring its Apple Pay service to India, following rivals Samsung and Google which have also begun working on the same. Apple Pay is the company's proprietary system for making payments using Apple devices in stores, within apps and even on the web. In the US, Apple Pay works with all major credit and debit card providers, where a user's phone can save the card details securely and use it instead of having to carry the physical card. Both firms did not offer comment. Both Apple and Facebook's move to apply for patents relating to digital payments comes despite India's stand on not allowing patents on software, unless paired with hardware in an innovative way. Last year, the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks decided to scrap revised guidelines that said patents on software would be granted on the basis of 'demonstrating technical advancement. However exceptions are there for devices with software. "The law in India clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable. The Joint Parliamentary Committee on Patents had very clearly said that software as such is not intended to be granted patents. In 2005, a move to amend the Patent Act such that it allows software to be patented , was rejected by parliament on the grounds that it could lead to monopoly of MNCs," says Venkatesh Hariharan, member of iSPIRT's expert group on software patents. "Given this legislative history, we believe that the Indian Patent Office (IPO) must uphold the will of the Indian Parliament, and reject these patents" "Software is basically applied logic, and if logic cannot be patented, how can software be patented?," he added. If Apple and Facebook's patent applications are granted, it could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. The success of these firms is not forcing large global technology companies to get into the game, which are looking at utilising their resources to control IP and give them an edge over rivals. Indian firms such as Paytm have been able to grow to massive proportions (220 million registered users) in a relatively short period of time, as they haven't faced too many restrictions apart from the forward looking regulations the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has put in place. But activists say patents favour large global firms and not startups which often cannot afford the high cost of filing patents. In the US and Europe, technology companies hoarding patents has become a huge cause of concern, as they look to fend off competition through legal blocking rather than innovation. In recent past there have been several instances of multi-billion dollar patent lawsuits that have flooded courts. "Even in the US, which had the most permissive regime for software patents, a series of court judgements in the last few years have drastically curtailed the scope for patenting software. Almost 38 percent of patent litigation in the US is around software, because it is difficult to draw boundaries around abstract ideas like software. If the Indian patent office takes a clear stance on this topic, we can avoid making the same expensive mistakes that countries like the US have made in this area." added Hariharan. Gireesh Babu & Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 10 iPad Pro apps to help you ditch the laptop JC Torres - May 29, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has been harping on and on about how the iPad Pro is not a PC and more than a PC but it hasn’t exactly said much about how. Aside from, of course, having a keyboard accessory and running Microsoft Office’s mobile suite. There is a grain of truth in that, of course. Thanks to the iPad Pro’s beefy specs and the almighty Pencil, it definitely comes close to replacing your PC. Here are 10 classes of apps that can help you leave the bulky laptop at home while you go about your merry way. Channeling da Vincie: Procreate and Medibang Since the dawn of the iPad, people have desperately tried to create works of art on the slate with their stubby fingers or equally stubby rubber styluses. It wasn’t until the arrival of the Apple Pencil that things took a more serious turn. You aren’t going to find any complete Photoshop replacement, and for good reason, but there are a few apps that come close to replacing it in your workflow. Heck, some have even created (not to mention sold) professional artwork on iPad Pros alone. At the top of the list is Procreate, which rivals Photoshop and many of its iOS counterparts in its brush engine and fluidity of performance, paired with the precision and tilt recognition of the Apple Pencil. But for those whose work goes beyond digital painting, especially comics artists, Procreate isn’t enough. That’s where Medibang Paint comes in, with its tools that make creating panels and typing in text a breeze. One benefit of Medibang Paint is that it is also available on desktops. Together with cloud syncing, this makes switching back and forth mobile and desktop near seamless. Inspiration anywhere: Adobe app While Adobe is mostly hailed in the desktop world as the king of digital content creation, on mobile it takes on a secondary yet interesting role. Its mediocre Photoshop and Illustrator equivalents hold no candle the likes of Procreate, but it offers a number of tools for iOS that still help tremendously in the creation process. To be less vague, Adobe has a set of tools that help kickstart inspiration and creativity, allowing users to capture ideas or photos and turn them into references or moodboards. Most of these apps you won’t find in Adobe’s desktop software but, since they’re connected to Adobe’s Cloud, you can easily share content easily between them. Mixing up music: GarageBand While we’re mostly steering away from Apple’s and Microsoft’s software in this list, because the’re pretty much a given, we’ll throw Apple a bone on this one. When you need to whip up professional-sounding music, especially in a pinch, you need not look further than GarageBand. Indies and even some pros swear by it, despite the connotation that comes with vendor-made apps. If, on the other hand, you need something with a bit of a DJ spirit, edjing Pro is your digital turntable and deck on the go. Creating videos: Pinnacle Studio Pro/Vizzywig 4K Creating and editing videos, in contrast, usually require a bit more bells and whistles. Some will, of course, be satisfied with what Apple’s iMovie iOS app has to offer, but the pros have something more worth their while. Pinnacle Studio Pro is billed as Adobe Premiere or Final Cut for iOS. And if you will judge that by its interface, it definitely fits the image. Despite the seemingly cluttered workspace, everything is still touch friendly, though you can always use your Pencil for more precise controls. If, for some reason, you need to create or edit 4K videos right on your iPad, then Vizzywig 4K is the way to go. It is as much a testament to the power of the iPad Pro as it is to the crazy apps you can think up for it. However, be warned that Vizzywig 4K is easily the most expensive app on the App Store, at $99.99 down from its previous $999.99. Watching videos: VLC The iPad Pro’s huge and advanced screens make it a natural for watching videos. And while many consume their videos from online sources, there will always be times when you need or want to watch something offline. Despite being late to iOS, VLC is still considered the universal video player, both in terms of the platforms its supports as well as the media codecs it can play. It has a few special features that make it stand out on iOS, aside from being able to play almost anything, especially those that have subtitles. For one, it supports Picture-in-Picture mode, letting you “be productive” while watching a video. Another is that you don’t need iTunes to transfer videos for it to play. In addition to streaming from a network or discovering networked computers, you can also directly send files to VLC from your web browser, provided the two are on the same local network. Office productivity: Readdle apps No, we aren’t going to give in and name Office or iWorks. Productivity, whether it be in work or in life in general, is so much more than just creating or editing word documents, spreadsheets, and slides. A lot of it revolves around organization of documents, files, and digital content, some of the low points of iOS as an operating system. Readdle suite of apps goes beyond mere creation and editing. Readlle is the creator of one of the more popular third-party calendar apps on iOS, Calendars 5, as well as an e-mail client named Spark. Perhaps one of its most popular apps is Documents, which is a misleading name for what is basically a file manager. One of the interesting to happen lately is that Readdle implemented something iPad users have been dying to have: dragging and dropping files between apps. Of course, it’s limited to Readdle’s own apps, but it could get the trend started. Productive laziness: Workflow One of the tenets of productivity is to automate rote, repetitive, and menial tasks. And just because your on an iPad Pro doesn’t meant you escape from the drudgery of such tasks. Thankfully, there is Workflow for iOS. Though not as fully featured and flexible as Automator for macOS, Workflow is amazing for what it is able to accomplish given the limitations of iOS. Want to immediately prep a social post for a photo you just took, with fields immediately filled up? You can automate that with Workflow? How about crop and watermark screenshots with minimum fuss? You can do that too. Workflow’s limitations are mostly due to the restrictions that iOS imposes. Now that Apple has acquired Workflow, however, we might see a bit less limitations there. Or Apple might completely integrate it into iOS even. Now wouldn’t that be grand! Crafting apps: Codea/Pythonista/Mobile C/etc Given those same limitations, you might be surprised that you can actually write programs directly on your iPad Pro. No, not just toy or quiz programs, but nontrivial ones. You can even make games, within limits of course. There are a couple of programming environments available on iOS that can tickle your development bones. Codea, for example, leverages the easy-to-learn and lightweight Lua language to create rather involved games directly on the iPad. Pythonista, on the other hand, harnesses almost all the “batteries included” of Python for more complex scripts and programs, which can also neatly tie in with Workflow for an even grander application. If you’re bent is more on the close to the metal C and C++, there’s Mobile C, which even lets you use OpenGL ES and SDL 2 libraries for graphics. Of course, don’t expect to publish your apps the the Store. You’ll still need a Mac (or a Hackintosh) for that. Going the distance: Screens/Splashtop/TeamViewer It is inevitable that you will eventually need to access a PC or Mac, perhaps for work. Maybe you’re out in the field and you need to access of home or office computer. Or maybe you just want to not have to bring your laptop or MacBook with you wherever you go, but still have the option to use it wherever you are. All those scenarios are possible with the magic of remote desktops. Some initial setup might be required, by your work’s system administrator or by yourself, or some cloud sign up, but once that’s done, you really won’t be tethered by your work or home computer anymore. There are quite a number of options out there and the competition is rather tight. Splashtop and TeamViewer are some of the biggest names in this market, but each one has their own subscription scheme that may or may not appeal to you. Almost all of them, however, are free to try, and it definitely won’t hurt if you do. Double vision: Duet Display Pro and AstroPad Admittedly, this is less of an “iPad Pro replaces your PC/Mac”. This is instead an “iPad Pro makes your PC/Mac awesome”. Both Duet Display, specifically Duet Display Pro, and Astropad share a few features in common, but each attacks the problem for a different vantage point. Astropad is designed and optimized for turning your iPad Pro into a Wacom Cintiq, allowing you to use the Pencil to draw on the iPad Pro’s screen and have that carried over to the PC or Mac, as if you were drawing on them directly. Of course, it also carries over pressure sensitivity and tilt, giving you a more portable and multi-purpose art tablet. Astropad, however, is limited to only mirroring what’s on the computer’s screen. Duet Display, in contrast, started out as a way to extend your PC or Mac screen like you would a second monitor. You can also use it as simply a mirror or even a the primary screen (with some caveats). In the Pro subscription-version, however, it gained the ability to also use the Apple Pencil for pressure-sensitive drawing. It even gained the ability to display the Touchbar for Mac apps that support it. Its limitation over Astropad is that it only works via a cable, while Astropad supports both wired and wireless connections. Wrap-up As much as fans and Apple itself might want it to, the iPad Pro still won’t be able to replace laptops. Much of that as to do with the sometimes arbitrary limitations imposed by iOS. Limitations that app developers, creative bunch as they are, have been able to work around, producing apps like Workflow, Codea, and Pythonista. But it’s getting there, and it might even be the destination Apple is eying. For now though, yes, you can just bring you iPad Pro with you and leave your laptop or MacBook at home. Just don’t get rid of it yet. Tags appAppleiOSiPad Promobile Must Read Bits & Bytes Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival SlashGear’s E3 2017 Wishlist Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series Pokemon GO Unown event : legendary keys and clues! Three months with the Nintendo Switch Latest Headlines Acer Predator Triton 700 laptop with NVIDIA Max-Q is 18.9 mm thin May 30, 2017 NVIDIA Max-Q tech makes gaming laptops ridiculously thin May 30, 2017 This is everything ASUS unleashed at Computex 2017 May 29, 2017 ARM Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 preparing phones for AI invasion May 29, 2017 SlashGear’s E3 2017 Wishlist May 29, 2017 Latest Reviews Cinder Grill Review: Sous-vide’s even geekier rival May 29, 2017 Pirates of the Caribbean 5 Review: A bad end to an OK series May 29, 2017 2017 Volkswagen Beetle Dune Convertible Review May 29, 2017 Kangaroo Mobile Desktop Pro Review: a tiny battery-powered Windows 10 PC May 24, 2017 Ninety7 Vaux Review: Echo Dot speaker-battery cuts Alexa’s cord May 24, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Latest News Dow 21,080 -2.67 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,210 +4.94 +0.08% S&P 500 2,416 +0.75 +0.03% 3:04 A.M. ET Manuel Noriega, former dictator of Panama, dead at 83 3:02 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens down 0.4% to 7,511.72 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index open 0.9% to 5,281.20 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens down 0.4% to 12,582 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens down 0.4% at 389.88 2:54 A.M. ET French consumer confidence at highest since 2007 2:22 A.M. ET Updated Lingerie maker Nubian Skin brings nuance to the underwear color ‘nude’ 2:19 A.M. ET Singapore fines Credit Suisse in 1MDB probe 2:18 A.M. ET BMW production slowed on Bosch parts shortage 2:17 A.M. ET RBS investors accept £200 million settlement 2:12 A.M. ET Updated Chipotle’s data breach: How to tell if you may have been a victim 1:43 A.M. ET Nikkei eases as nervous investors push yen higher 1:06 A.M. ET Ryanair posts 6% rise in profit, upbeat on year 1:05 A.M. ET Australian home-building approvals rise 1:05 A.M. ET Elliot Management loses dispute with Akzo Nobel 1:04 A.M. ET Japan jobs-to-applicants ratio highest in decades 5/29 John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn 5/29 Trump Honors Fallen Soldiers at Memorial Day Ceremony 5/29 Updated Weekend roundup: Take emotion out of your investing decisions | How one retailer keeps people coming in the door | More money milestones 5/29 Updated This former CEO wants a luxury tax on CEO pay Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale $27,000 Apple Watch look-alikes are nearly sold out, but they can only tell time By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 29, 2017 10:39 a.m. ET Share For some people, the ‘true luxury’ is time, says Swiss maker H. Moser & Cie Not your Apple Watch. The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter When wealthy individuals started snapping up a limited run of a high-end luxury watched that looks like an Apple Watch, yet has none of the high-tech features, the Swiss watchmaker responsible said it was simply about time. The nearly 200-year Switzerland-based company, H. Moser & Cie, announced its $26,900 timepiece — The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — via a press release last week. The rectangular case and glossy black dial — sans label — of the Zzzz could be “mistaken for a smartwatch on standby,” the company said. Among those it resembles is Apple’s AAPL, -0.17%  own Watch. But the Zzzz has one function only: it tells the time. “In response to the cold electronics of connected watches, H. Moser & Cie. presents the soul of mechanical watchmaking. With a minimum power reserve of 4 days, fully rechargeable by hand, it couldn’t be further from the world of the smartwatch,” said the company. At the high end of Apple’s own smartwatch offerings is a $1,499 Hermès inspired watch with a barenia leather, double-cuff band. Meanwhile, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz sports a solid 18 carat white-gold diamond case, with a sapphire crystal. The back is see-through, so that you can take a peek at the fine Swiss watch detailing. If a glossy black dial isn’t your thing, you can also pick the Funky Blue dial, “an example of watchmaking yin and yang,” said the company. Choice of straps for the Swiss piece are “hand-stitched black alligator or beige kudu leather,” which come with an 18-carat “solid white gold pin buckle engraved with the Moser logo.” So exclusive is this high-end anti-smartwatch that it is limited to a run of just 20. And too bad if you’re moved to part with thousands for a watch that will only give you the time of day, as they’re 90% sold out, H. Moser’s public relations manager Nathalie Cobos, told MarketWatch in a telephone interview on Monday. H. Moser & Cie The “Brrr” She added that the cool blue version, nicknamed the “Brrrr,” was especially popular among clients who snapped up the watch. As Cobos explained, the watch was pre-presented in Basel in March at a trade show, and many were preordered subsequently. Of that 90%, she said Asian clients scooped up 50%, Europe 25% and then the Middle East another 25%. U.S. clients, she said, weren’t so responsive. But why would anyone want to pay nearly $27,000 for a watch that does nothing but tell time? “It’s more than a watch, it is a statement,” says Cobos, adding that the Zzzz taps into the current debate about being too connected trough wearable devices. “Lots of our customers, they have already a smartwatch and they use it for other purposes and they’d love to have a mechanical, traditional watch,” she says. “I think there are a lot of people who say the true luxury is time.” And a watch that just does what they were set out to do gives individuals “more time for them. To get back their own values and get more focused on themselves and their family and the ones they love, instead of always being connected,” she said. Read: The truly hip go for the pocketwatch Cobos says one of the biggest selling points of the Zzzz is its lack of a logo. They trialed a no-logo concept with another watch collection, though they were discouraged to try to sell a pricey watch without a label. However, demand for the logo-less watch soared, and they realized they were onto something. Besides, she said, those who love the company’s watches can tell the make without a logo. “Traditionally speaking, when branding wasn’t so important, when watchmakers first produced, they signed their name on the back of the watch,” which she says they’re now returning to. As for smartwatches? It’s not going to happen, she says — “We don’t know how to do that.” Read: Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Bloomberg News Apple Watch pictured April 10, 2015. Meanwhile back in Cupertino: Apple’s own watches, along with headphones and other accessories, brought in $2.87 billion in the most recent quarter, handily beating analysts expectations, even as its iPhone unit sales disappointed. A survey from earlier this year by International Data Corp. showed the craze for wearables has been steadily rising, and the craze is far from dead. However, Fossil Group FOSL, -4.75%  , best known for fashion watches with a retro design, has found the push into wearables isn’t so easy. Richemont CFR, +0.00%  , owner of the Cartier brand, also posted an underwhelming recent quarter for watch sales and Swatch, best known for its non-pricey plastic watches, but also the owner of luxury brands, such as Omega, Blancpain and Breguet, said 2016 was just “not a winning year.” Last year, of course, marked a tough year for Swiss watchmakers amid a decline in Chinese tourists and terrorism worries. Some say, the turnaround has now begun. More from MarketWatch More Coverage John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break loose’ in the stock market These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials Quote References AAPL -0.26 -0.17% FOSL -0.56 -4.75% CFR +0.00 +0.00% Most Popular This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn If You Had to Pick: Facebook or Snap? Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.61 -0.26 (-0.17%) Volume 21.2M Open $154.00 High $154.24 Low $153.31 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Fossil Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FOSL $11.23 -0.56 (-4.75%) Volume 3.6M Open $11.78 High $11.80 Low $11.04 P/E Ratio 22.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 544.3M Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Switzerland: SWX Europe: CFR CHF81.25 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 563.7K Open CHF81.25 High CHF81.30 Low CHF80.90 P/E Ratio 35.06 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 46.7B
Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement TECH Apple's iPhone 8 Will Launch With Integrated Fingerprint Scanner Earlier rumours suggest Apple scrapped the feature. 29/05/2017 15:27 Thomas Tamblyn Technology editor, HuffPost UK Apple’s iPhone 8 will have an integrated Touch ID fingerprint sensor built into the display of the phone, despite rumours to the contrary. Widely rumoured to be one of its key features, there had been talk that Apple was struggling to find a way to integrate a hidden fingerprint sensor into the display of the phone.  George Frey via Getty Images Well according to the Chinese-language Economic Daily News, sources from one of Apple’s manufacturing companies has confirmed that the iPhone’s designers were able to overcome any hurdles it might have created and have successfully integrated it into the phone. Apple’s iPhone 8 is without doubt looking set to be one of the most eagerly-anticipated tech launches of recent years. Related... We Go Hands-On With Apple's Very Very Red iPhone Apple iPhone 7 Review: Speak Softly And Carry A Big Stick Is This The iPhone 8 Everyone's Been Waiting For? Rumours have suggested that in keeping with the iPhone’s 10th anniversary the iPhone 8 would be a radical step forward compared to last year’s iPhone 7. The biggest rumour is of course surrounding the phone’s display. Apple is reportedly making the switch to OLED panels, a technology that while expensive, is considered far superior to LCD displays. In addition it’s believed that the phone will have no bezels, instead sporting a screen that stretches from the top of the display right down to the bottom. While we’ll have to wait until September to find out what Apple has in store there might be a chance to find out more before then. In June Apple traditionally announces its brand-new version of iOS. If Apple’s new iPhone does indeed have a radically new design there could well be some hidden references buried inside the code of the new operating system. Best Smartphones In 2017 Apple iPhone 7 Eduardo Munoz / Reuters This is Apple’s best iPhone ever, and if we’re honest it’s one of their most innovative devices yet. It has an incredible camera, is water-resistant and boasts a stunning bright new display. Of course it can’t escape the rumours surrounding next year’s device but if you’re looking to buy a smartphone right now, and Apple are on your radar, this is the phone for you. Google Pixel The Huffington Post UK This is Google’s iPhone. It’s that simple. As such there are achievements and compromises. If you’re after an incredibly well-built, powerful Android flagship, Google have given you a truly five-star smartphone. If you’re a photographer, the Pixel’s camera and cloud storage option make this a no brainer. It's not cheap though, with the XL costing over £800. OnePlus 3T The Huffington Post UK The OnePlus 3T is simply a continuation of the ethos that makes OnePlus phones so good. It’s exceptionally well-built, powerful and offers you everything you could want in an affordable and meaningful package. No smartphone will give you more value for money. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Bloomberg via Getty Images With a new curved back and larger 5.5-inch display the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is more about evolution than revolution. The S7 edge now sports a water-resistant body, embedded camera and a MicroSD card slot. The S7 edge is also Samsung's most powerful smartphone yet, so powerful in fact that Samsung have actually had to equip a tiny water-cooling system inside the phone. The good news though is that means you'll never have to worry about getting a warm hand. Apple iPhone SE The Huffington Post UK Incredibly, Apple's familiar-looking iPhone SE manages to boast the same performance as its top-of-the-range iPhone 6s making it the most powerful 4-inch smartphone available. If you're keen to return to the days of one-handed texting then Apple's bite-sized iPhone is the smartphone for you. LG G5 ASSOCIATED PRESS The LG G5 sets itself apart from rivals like the S7, Xperia XA and the iPhone 6s by being something utterly unique. The G5 is the first commercial 'modular' phone, allowing you to swap out the bottom for new accessories. So far there's an audio one made in partnership with Bang & Olufsen and a camera-focused attachment which gives you extra camera controls. Huawei P9 JACK TAYLOR via Getty Images The Huawei P9 is a smartphone designed for capturing life. Thanks to a partnership with photography legends Leica this dual-lens camera can take pictures that'll put your dedicated camera to shame. Of course it helps that the P9 is also a pretty great Android smartphone as well. Google Nexus 5X The Nexus 5X strikes the ultimate balance between power and affordability. Taking over the responsibility from the frankly excellent Nexus 5, Google's new smartphone boast an ultra-light body but still crams in a fingerprint sensor, the latest version of Android marshmallow and a Full-HD display. More: Uk Innovation Apple Iphone Computers Mobile Phones Suggest a correction Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter Podcast Add us on Snapchat Advertisement Apple's iPhone 8 Will Launch With Integrated Fingerprint Scanner CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Latest News Dow 21,080 -2.67 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,210 +4.94 +0.08% S&P 500 2,416 +0.75 +0.03% 3:04 A.M. ET Manuel Noriega, former dictator of Panama, dead at 83 3:02 A.M. ET FTSE 100 index opens down 0.4% to 7,511.72 3:01 A.M. ET French CAC 40 index open 0.9% to 5,281.20 3:01 A.M. ET German DAX 30 index opens down 0.4% to 12,582 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 index opens down 0.4% at 389.88 2:54 A.M. ET French consumer confidence at highest since 2007 2:22 A.M. ET Updated Lingerie maker Nubian Skin brings nuance to the underwear color ‘nude’ 2:19 A.M. ET Singapore fines Credit Suisse in 1MDB probe 2:18 A.M. ET BMW production slowed on Bosch parts shortage 2:17 A.M. ET RBS investors accept £200 million settlement 2:12 A.M. ET Updated Chipotle’s data breach: How to tell if you may have been a victim 1:43 A.M. ET Nikkei eases as nervous investors push yen higher 1:06 A.M. ET Ryanair posts 6% rise in profit, upbeat on year 1:05 A.M. ET Australian home-building approvals rise 1:05 A.M. ET Elliot Management loses dispute with Akzo Nobel 1:04 A.M. ET Japan jobs-to-applicants ratio highest in decades 5/29 John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn 5/29 Trump Honors Fallen Soldiers at Memorial Day Ceremony 5/29 Updated Weekend roundup: Take emotion out of your investing decisions | How one retailer keeps people coming in the door | More money milestones 5/29 Updated This former CEO wants a luxury tax on CEO pay Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale $27,000 Apple Watch look-alikes are nearly sold out, but they can only tell time By Barbara Kollmeyer Published: May 29, 2017 10:39 a.m. ET Share For some people, the ‘true luxury’ is time, says Swiss maker H. Moser & Cie Not your Apple Watch. The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz By BarbaraKollmeyer Markets reporter When wealthy individuals started snapping up a limited run of a high-end luxury watched that looks like an Apple Watch, yet has none of the high-tech features, the Swiss watchmaker responsible said it was simply about time. The nearly 200-year Switzerland-based company, H. Moser & Cie, announced its $26,900 timepiece — The Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz — via a press release last week. The rectangular case and glossy black dial — sans label — of the Zzzz could be “mistaken for a smartwatch on standby,” the company said. Among those it resembles is Apple’s AAPL, -0.17%  own Watch. But the Zzzz has one function only: it tells the time. “In response to the cold electronics of connected watches, H. Moser & Cie. presents the soul of mechanical watchmaking. With a minimum power reserve of 4 days, fully rechargeable by hand, it couldn’t be further from the world of the smartwatch,” said the company. At the high end of Apple’s own smartwatch offerings is a $1,499 Hermès inspired watch with a barenia leather, double-cuff band. Meanwhile, the Swiss Alp Watch Zzzz sports a solid 18 carat white-gold diamond case, with a sapphire crystal. The back is see-through, so that you can take a peek at the fine Swiss watch detailing. If a glossy black dial isn’t your thing, you can also pick the Funky Blue dial, “an example of watchmaking yin and yang,” said the company. Choice of straps for the Swiss piece are “hand-stitched black alligator or beige kudu leather,” which come with an 18-carat “solid white gold pin buckle engraved with the Moser logo.” So exclusive is this high-end anti-smartwatch that it is limited to a run of just 20. And too bad if you’re moved to part with thousands for a watch that will only give you the time of day, as they’re 90% sold out, H. Moser’s public relations manager Nathalie Cobos, told MarketWatch in a telephone interview on Monday. H. Moser & Cie The “Brrr” She added that the cool blue version, nicknamed the “Brrrr,” was especially popular among clients who snapped up the watch. As Cobos explained, the watch was pre-presented in Basel in March at a trade show, and many were preordered subsequently. Of that 90%, she said Asian clients scooped up 50%, Europe 25% and then the Middle East another 25%. U.S. clients, she said, weren’t so responsive. But why would anyone want to pay nearly $27,000 for a watch that does nothing but tell time? “It’s more than a watch, it is a statement,” says Cobos, adding that the Zzzz taps into the current debate about being too connected trough wearable devices. “Lots of our customers, they have already a smartwatch and they use it for other purposes and they’d love to have a mechanical, traditional watch,” she says. “I think there are a lot of people who say the true luxury is time.” And a watch that just does what they were set out to do gives individuals “more time for them. To get back their own values and get more focused on themselves and their family and the ones they love, instead of always being connected,” she said. Read: The truly hip go for the pocketwatch Cobos says one of the biggest selling points of the Zzzz is its lack of a logo. They trialed a no-logo concept with another watch collection, though they were discouraged to try to sell a pricey watch without a label. However, demand for the logo-less watch soared, and they realized they were onto something. Besides, she said, those who love the company’s watches can tell the make without a logo. “Traditionally speaking, when branding wasn’t so important, when watchmakers first produced, they signed their name on the back of the watch,” which she says they’re now returning to. As for smartwatches? It’s not going to happen, she says — “We don’t know how to do that.” Read: Fitbit soars as smartwatch launch cheers analysts Bloomberg News Apple Watch pictured April 10, 2015. Meanwhile back in Cupertino: Apple’s own watches, along with headphones and other accessories, brought in $2.87 billion in the most recent quarter, handily beating analysts expectations, even as its iPhone unit sales disappointed. A survey from earlier this year by International Data Corp. showed the craze for wearables has been steadily rising, and the craze is far from dead. However, Fossil Group FOSL, -4.75%  , best known for fashion watches with a retro design, has found the push into wearables isn’t so easy. Richemont CFR, +0.00%  , owner of the Cartier brand, also posted an underwhelming recent quarter for watch sales and Swatch, best known for its non-pricey plastic watches, but also the owner of luxury brands, such as Omega, Blancpain and Breguet, said 2016 was just “not a winning year.” Last year, of course, marked a tough year for Swiss watchmakers amid a decline in Chinese tourists and terrorism worries. Some say, the turnaround has now begun. More from MarketWatch More Coverage It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland The incredible reason east sides of cities are poorer than west sides These Americans will never get Social Security benefits — and we don’t mean millennials Quote References AAPL -0.26 -0.17% FOSL -0.56 -4.75% CFR +0.00 +0.00% Most Popular This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland John Bogle explains why index investors shouldn’t fear a stock downturn If You Had to Pick: Facebook or Snap? Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. MarketWatch Partner Center Barbara Kollmeyer Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.61 -0.26 (-0.17%) Volume 21.2M Open $154.00 High $154.24 Low $153.31 P/E Ratio 17.97 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 800.9B Fossil Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: FOSL $11.23 -0.56 (-4.75%) Volume 3.6M Open $11.78 High $11.80 Low $11.04 P/E Ratio 22.02 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 544.3M Compagnie Financiere Richemont S.A. Switzerland: SWX Europe: CFR CHF81.25 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 563.7K Open CHF81.25 High CHF81.30 Low CHF80.90 P/E Ratio 35.06 Div Yield 2.09 Market Cap 46.7B
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Tablets Ditch the PC: Best productivity apps, accessories, tips and tricks for iPad Pro From Adobe and Google to Microsoft Office, our guide to the best productivity apps for the iPad Pro. By Alistair Charlton May 29, 2017 14:55 BST The iPad Pro, shown here with the optional Smart Cover keyboard case and Apple Pencil stylusReuters While many of us use iPads to watch movies on the plane or read a newspaper on the daily commute, these trivial tasks are really only scratching the surface of what the Apple tablet is capable of. That isn't to say other tablets can't compete, but the iOS App Store now has 1.3 million apps made specifically for the iPad, giving owners a huge and varied selection to pick from. In this feature we're going to look at the hardware and software needed to put the productivity back into your iPad Pro, and highlight some businesses where iPads have become crucial to their success. Hardware You can load an iPad up with as many apps as you like, and while we all know how good multitouch inputs are with our fingers, productivity apps will have you yearning for something more comfortable, more precise, and with more features than your 10 digits. Apple's own Smart Keyboard and Pencil fit the bill here. The former is a screen cover which folds out to hold the iPad like a laptop, and includes a tactile keyboard. The keys are smaller than those of a MacBook and take some time to get used to, but once committed to muscle memory it's a far more practical and comfortable solution to typing on the screen. The Pencil, Apple's answer to a stylus, charges via the iPad's Lightning port and connects through Bluetooth. Although we appreciate that regular users might not see the value in a dedicated stylus for scribbling notes on their tablet, the size and weight makes even the most ham-fisted of drawers feel like they could achieve greatness - and tapping at the screen with it is surprisingly satisfying. Before we get into the apps, let's look at some tips and tricks A man uses the Apple Pencil stylus to sketch on the screen of an iPad ProReuters Multitasking Before we get to the apps themselves, a quick reminder on how multitasking on the iPad is more powerful than on the iPhone. You can switch between open apps with a double-press of the home button, as on the iPhone, but swiping across the screen with four fingers is a neat alternative. If your work requires switching between the same two apps often, this can be a helpful timesaver. For when quickly switching between apps isn't enough, the iPad lets you run two at the same time, right next to each other. This is particularly useful when you need to make notes in a word processing app while reading a report, or reviewing a presentation. Mail markup We know this isn't the most exciting topic in the world, but it's often convenient to annotate your emails. Say you are exchanging plans for a new garden with your landscape gardener; you can attach his suggestion to an email, then draw on it, scribble down notes in the margin, magnify certain sections then send it back, To do this, double-tap in the body of the email, tap Insert Photo of Video, and pick the image you want to send. Once it is attached to the email, tap on the image then hit Markup and you're ready to annotate. Transfer open web pages from Mac or iPhone to iPad Say you're looking at a website on your iPhone, but would rather view it on your larger iPad. Instead of typing the link out or emailing it to yourself, you just have to double-press the home button of your iPad to enter the multitasking screen. A link then appears at the bottom of the screen; tap this and the page which was open on your iPhone will appear on the iPad. Now let's get to the meat of why you're here; apps to make your iPad more productive and more useful when you just want to get work done. Netflix can wait for another day. Microsoft Office and Google Docs/Sheets Word, Powerpoint and Excel for iPad are free for a month, then cost £5.99 a month for the full suiteScreenshot It probably still surprises some people to hear Microsoft Office is available on the iPad, but it is. Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook can all be downloaded from the App Store and used just like their desktop PC relatives. All of the tools you would normally use are here, and the apps work just as you'd expect them to. The apps all fall under the Office 365 umbrella, which means they are free to use for the first 30 days, then cost £5.99 per month or £59.99 per year thereafter; the cost stays the same whether you use one app or all of them. If you only need to view documents (and not create or edit any) then the apps remain free after the 30-day trial expires. A free alternative to Office, just as on the Mac or PC, is Google Docs, Google Sheets and Google Slides. These each have their own app and work in much the same way as Microsoft's Word, Excel and PowerPoint respectively. Their functionality isn't quite as feature-packed, but for basic document, spreadsheet and presentation creation they are hard to beat - and files can be saved in formats understood by Office, if that's what you need. Pair any of these apps with the Smart Cover (or a separate stand and Bluetooth keyboard), and the iPad gets surprisingly close to becoming a computer replacement. Adobe's apps for iPhone and iPad are all free to useScreenshot Adobe Fill & Sign Another potential surprise for some casual iPad users is just how many Adobe apps are available. From Sketch, to Fill & Sign and Photoshop Express, there are a wealth of creativity apps to help you get work done, or just spend less time at the computer. Although these apps require you to log in with an Adobe account, they are free to use. Avoid blotting important forms with your scruffy handwriting by using Adobe Fill & Sign to take a photo of the document, import it, then fill everything out neatly on the iPad. You can then use your finger or the Apple Pencil to add your signature, which can be saved for future use. Then email the form along, or send it over the Wi-Fi network to a wireless printer. On a similar note, Adobe Sign is also a useful signature creation app for iPad. Adobe Photoshop Sketch This is where the Apple Pencil starts to come into its own, and where our artistic skills are quickly found to be lacking. Sketch makes good use of the stylus, offering a range of different brush styles each with customisable sizes to help you get the exact effect you're looking for. As with conventional Photoshop there is a layering system to create almost infinitely-complex image projects. Adobe PS Express While Apple's own Photos app does a decent job of helping you organise, crop, align and touch-up images, Adobe PS Express takes things further. There are dozens of Instagram-style filters to apply to your images, along with a range of adjustment and retouch tools to get the look you want. Instead of bundling all of Photoshop's features into one potentially confusing and cluttered app, you can quickly jump between different PS apps to complete your editing. Two such apps are called Photoshop Mix and Photoshop Fix. Transferring an image from one to another takes just a couple of taps. Scanbot Scanbot lets you scan business cards, as shown above, and automatically picks out useful data like phone numbers, ready to be tappedScreenshot Lastly we have Scanbot, an app which makes it easy to import printed documents onto your iPad. There's a free version, but we recommend stumping up £6.99 for the Pro version, which includes optical character recognition. This means when you take a photo of a printed document, the app grabs the writing and makes it ready for editing, forwarding or copying and pasting into another app. The app is also aware of context, so if you show it a business card phone numbers and email addresses are automatically recognised, ready to be tapped on and used. The app doesn't always pick up everything, and wasn't able to read our handwriting, but as a means of making a printed page digital (and ready for annotation) it's hard to beat. More technology features from IBTimes UK Five flying car concepts that could revolutionise your morning commute Five apps Donald Trump should have on his iPhone besides Twitter Shell Eco-Marathon: How the world's most efficient cars are shaping motoring's future Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Far Cry 5 revealed, Red Dead Redemption 2 delayed and GTA 5 sales Columnists Yasmin Alibhai-Brown “Britain's security services knew Salman Abedi was capable of terror - but failed to stop him READ MORE Kim Dotcom's open letter to Seth Rich's family Exclusive: Dotcom shares with IBTimes UK his account of claims he... Is the bitcoin bubble about to burst? As bitcoin surges towards the $3000 barrier, cryptocurrency experts... iPhone saves life of Manchester bomb victim Photos of the blood-covered iPhone shows damage from the bomb. What's pix2code? AI that can create code from screenshots is a real threat to programming jobs Danish startup Ulzard Technologies IVS says the AI can simultaneously... Google Chrome bug allows sites to spy on you by secretly recording audio and video Google said that it will 'improve the situation' but that it doesn't... New Ecuador president calls WikiLeaks' Julian Assange a 'hacker', but says he can still stay at embassy 'I respect the situation he is in, which calls for respect of his... Ditch the PC: Best productivity apps, accessories, tips and tricks for iPad Pro From Adobe and Google to Microsoft Office, our guide to the best... British Airways CEO 'won't resign' over three-day flight chaos affecting 75,000 passengers BA boss denied cost-cutting was the cause of the IT outage. Trump declares first foreign trip a 'great success' with 'big results' and Twitter roasts him for it 'You're failing at realizing you're failing,' one Twitter user wrote. Galaxy Note 4 and Note Edge getting May Android security patch The update brings the usual bug fixes and optimisations. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cook Book Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Business Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports | ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business Global sales of smartphones continue to rise Staff Report/Dubai Filed on May 29, 2017 Share More > Vote In the smartphone operating system (OS) market, the battle is now clearly between Android and iOS (KT file) Smartphone sales around the world continued to pick up in the first quarter of 2017, with Chinese manufacturers such as Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo continuing to gain ground with their more competitively priced models. Over 380 million smartphone units were sold to end users in the first quarter of 2017, a 9.1 per cent increase over the first quarter of 2016, according to Gartner Inc. Smartphone buyers are leaning more towards more affordable models with the same features that are found in giants Samsung and Apple, giving Chinese manufacturers a chance to catch up in market share. Huawei, Oppo, and Vivo's combined market share in the first quarter of 2017 accounted for 24 per cent, up seven percentage points year on year. However, mobile phone buyers are spending more to get a better phone, resulting in the rise in average selling prices of types of phone. "The top three Chinese smartphone manufacturers are driving sales with their competitively priced, high quality smartphones equipped with innovative features," said Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner. "Furthermore, aggressive marketing and sales promotion have further helped these brands to take share from other brands in markets such as India, Indonesia and Thailand." The top two smartphone makers by global marketshare, Samsung and Apple, faired less well. Samsung's sales declined 3.1 per cent in the first quarter of 2017, to leave it with 20.7 per cent of the market. While Apple's sales were flat, meaning its marketshare shrunk to 13.7 per cent down from 14.8 per cent year on year "Although Samsung announced that preorders for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are up 30 per cent year over year, the absence of an alternative to Note 7 and the fierce competition in the basic smartphone segment are leading Samsung to continuously lose market share," said Gupta. "Sales of iPhones were flat, which led to a drop in market share year over year. Similar to Samsung, Apple is increasingly facing fierce competition from Chinese brands Oppo and Vivo, among others, and its performance in China is under attack." Huawei edged closer to Apple with smartphone sales amounting to 34 million units in the first quarter of 2017. Despite its P9 and P9 Plus being available for more than a year now, both smartphones continued to sell well, positioning Huawei as a dominant brand in the consumer market. "Huawei has now steadily held the third spot in the worldwide ranking of smartphone vendors," said Gupta. "However, pressure is mounting as its counterparts in China are catching up." In the smartphone operating system (OS) market, the battle is now clearly between Android and iOS. With other OSs struggling for momentum, Android grew its share by two per cent. Growing acceptance of Chinese brands in the global markets, led by high-quality smartphones, is driving Android OS dominance. Moreover, with Google's announcement of Android Go - targeted at the entry-level smartphone market - the OS is heading for continued growth. - rohma@khaleejtimes.com     Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Real Estate Landlords, retailers adapt to new market... Landlords are offering flexible lease terms, including longer rent-... READ MORE Technology Want my data? What will you pay? HI-TRAC READ MORE Technology Say it with hassle-free gift cards Choosing a gift for someone can be a complicated task, as a lot of... READ MORE Technology UAE set to catalyse connectivity with 5G Besides delivering faster Internet connection speeds, 5G delivers... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Dubai Sheikh Mohammed has Iftar with UAQ ruler in Dubai They all wished well to the wise leadership, more welfare for the... READ MORE Abu Dhabi Panic as UAE money exchange owner absconds The unexpected closure of the exchange has left a trail of... READ MORE Abu Dhabi A 500-year-old Quran in golden letters Even though considered priceless, the entire set of the Gold Tooling... READ MORE Rest of Asia 300,000 evacuated as cyclone approaches Bangladesh More people were still waiting for evacuation READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=main&profile=1036 macro_action: mainsection, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Abu Dhabi Panic as UAE money exchange owner absconds 72252 views | 29 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 56182 views | 28 May 2017 International Video: Newborn baby walks immediately after birth, becomes internet sensation 52887 views | 29 May 2017 India Man kills woman in public view, shoots video 28468 views | 29 May 2017 Nation Can I eat at a Dubai cinema hall during Ramadan? 20479 views | 29 May 2017 Bollywood 'Pakeezah' actress abandoned in hospital 19964 views | 29 May 2017 Economy UAE slashes petrol prices for June 16693 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Here's how VAT will affect your household financially 13058 views | 28 May 2017 Bollywood Video: Kareena Kapoor's post-pregnancy workout 10899 views | 29 May 2017 Business Jobseekers optimistic about opportunities during Ramadan 10104 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Which is the perfect NOL card for you? Let RTA help 7357 views | 28 May 2017 Offbeat Can you solve this riddle that is melting the internet? 7073 views | 29 May 2017 India Boy fights off cancer, scores 95% in CBSE board exams 6964 views | 29 May 2017 Crime Man sentenced to death for killing two Omanis in UAE 6216 views | 29 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Eman can now eat by herself: Burjeel Hospital 5914 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Mega sale of up to 80% discount coming up in UAE 723 votes | 23 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 to begin on Saturday, May 27 528 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai 7 killed, 35 hurt in horrific Dubai bus-truck collision 177 votes | 23 May 2017 Crime Dubai man accused of raping girlfriend, kicking her naked out of house 118 votes | 25 May 2017 Pakistan Indian girl, forced to marry Pakistani, to return home 79 votes | 24 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Panic as UAE money exchange owner absconds 79 votes | 29 May 2017 Region Filipino airline suspends flights in the Gulf region 73 votes | 24 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 65 votes | 28 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 working hours for UAE private sector announced 57 votes | 24 May 2017 Dubai Dubai announces parking, Metro timings for Ramadan 55 votes | 24 May 2017 Bollywood 'Sachin - A Billion Dreams' movie review: A fan's delight 55 votes | 25 May 2017 General 100% tax to be imposed on cigarettes, energy drinks in UAE 55 votes | 23 May 2017 Abu Dhabi From a company driver to CEO of own firm 53 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai Send money home from UAE and win a house worth Dh500,000 52 votes | 25 May 2017 International Manchester bomber: 22-year-old college dropout, had Al Qaeda links 38 votes | 24 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society Apple’s new mobile AI chip could create a new level of intelligence May 29, 2017 9.30am EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Neural networks driving machine learning. Shutterstock Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Previous post May 18, 2017 Few Australians trust social media with personal information but most do little about it Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter The Conversation is a non-profit + your donation is tax deductible. Help knowledge-based, ethical journalism today. Make a donation Most popular on The Conversation Fidget toys aren’t just hype What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? New public database reveals striking differences in how guns are regulated from state to state America’s worsening global reputation could put billions in US exports at risk Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? Why dads can’t be the dads they want to be How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? US civil service’s preference for hiring military vets comes at a hidden cost Can Bill Nye – or any other science show – really save the world? What veterans’ poems can teach us about healing on Memorial Day Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 50,800 academics and researchers from 2,045 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     Apple Co-Founder Believes Tesla Is The Future Of Tech Posted: May 29 2017, 8:09am CDT | by Sumayah Aamir, in News | Apple   Getty Images Apple Founder Wozniak Says Tesla, Not Apple, will have the Next Big Moonshots   Steve Wozniak believes Musk will shape the future as he creates products to please himself only Apple founder Steve Wozniak does not have much faith in the company he founded himself; Apple. Instead Wozniak believes the future of tech lies with Tesla. According to Wozniak Tesla will be shaping the future of the tech world as it will be involved in the next great tech breakthroughs.  Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock Wozniak shared his views in an interview with Bloomberg Canada. Wozniak stated Musk will be responsible for creating inventions no one thinks about. Wozniak declared right now Tesla is on the best direction and the company has put an awful lot of effort into very risky inventions.  Wozniak even went as far as to say he will be betting on Tesla and not his own company Apple. Wozniak justified his choice saying Musk anticipated technologies such as electric cars, self-driving cars and the need for efficient transportation systems. The company Tesla began with a car the Model S, which at the time did not make much sense in engineering terms, but it succeeded.  Wozniak further stated the car was solely built by Musk inspired from his own life and for his pleasure. Wozniak believes when things come from the inventor himself and they know what they like and are in control that is when the best products are produced.  It is possible while commenting on Tesla Wozniak may have been reminiscing about the time when he created technological advances with Steve Jobs. To be fair Apple did create computers no one could have ever imagined could exits at the time. Wozniak further stated the tech giants of today like Google, Facebook, Apple and Microsoft were created by young people and these companies changed the world.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Sumayah Aamir Sumayah Aamir (Google+) has deep experience in analyzing the latest trends.     Advertisement Latest News Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 12 hours ago, 1:12pm CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 19 hours ago, 5:51am CDT Install Galaxy S8 Weather Widget on your iPhone running iOS 10 1 day ago, 10:31am CDT Pokémon Game Magikarp Jump Now Available for iPhone and iPad 3 days ago, 7:38am CDT ARMS for Nintendo Switch TV Commercial Released 3 minutes ago Finding a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day 2017 12 hours ago, 12:55pm CDT 7 Things That You Didn’t Know about Nintendo 12 hours ago, 12:45pm CDT Rolls-Royce Unveils Sweptail, World's Most Expensive Car 16 hours ago, 8:19am CDT BMW M8 Teased for Le Mans 17 hours ago, 8:14am CDT E3 2017: Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood will be Playable 17 hours ago, 8:10am CDT Final Fantasy VII Remake Undergoes Major Change in Development 17 hours ago, 8:04am CDT Tesla Model 3 Best Wild Release Candidate Video is Here 17 hours ago, 8:00am CDT New Hair Growth Directly Triggered by Immune Cells in the Skin 17 hours ago, 7:53am CDT Mercedes-AMG Reveals its F1-Based Project One Hypercar Specs 17 hours ago, 7:50am CDT Best Look at Tesla Model 3 Interior 17 hours ago, 7:43am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Finding a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day 2017 Best Science Stories of the Week   Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Best Memorial Day 2017 Deals and Sales Apple Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 12 hours ago, 1:12pm CDT Apple is Working on its Own AI Chip for iPhone Tips Rumor 19 hours ago, 5:51am CDT Install Galaxy S8 Weather Widget on your iPhone running iOS 10 1 day ago, 10:31am CDT Pokémon Game Magikarp Jump Now Available for iPhone and iPad 3 days ago, 7:38am CDT More Apple Stories Latest News ARMS for Nintendo Switch TV Commercial Released 3 minutes ago Apple Releases Three Switch Commercials Aimed at Android Users 12 hours ago, 1:12pm CDT Finding a Nintendo Switch on Memorial Day 2017 12 hours ago, 12:55pm CDT 7 Things That You Didn’t Know about Nintendo 12 hours ago, 12:45pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 30, 3:03 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tesla May Dethrone Apple As Most Innovative Tech Company, Steve Wozniak Says By Rishabh Jain On 05/29/17 AT 9:00 AM Close Steve Wozniak, who co-founded Apple along with Steve Jobs, told Bloomberg Sunday that Tesla could replace Apple as the most innovative tech company. "I think Tesla is on the best direction right now. They've put an awful lot of effort into very risky things. I'm going to bet on Tesla," he told the publication. When asked how Tesla is different from the company he founded, he added, "They started with a car -- the Tesla Model S -- that made little sense in engineering terms in how much you have to build for what price and what the market will be.” According to Wozniak, Tesla’s strength is that it is based on founder Elon Musk’s vision of how he would like to see the company’s products, such as the Model function for his own usage. Read: Tesla Motors (TSLA) Slapped Down By Bank Of America, Which Says Company’s Stock Is ‘Vastly Overvalued’ After Period Of ‘Hyperbolic Growth’ While Apple is now a large company with a cumulative valuation upwards of $800 billion, Tesla is valued at $68 billion. But, both companies have developed in similar ways over time. Both companies were small start-ups at one point of time, driven by the vision of a single person — in Apple’s case it was Steve Jobs and in Tesla’s case, it is Elon Musk. Both companies have disrupted the way things usually work in their respective industries. Apple was the first in the computer industry to use graphical user interfaces in PCs in the 80’s and in its second coming under the leadership of Jobs, it transformed the music player and smartphone industries, with the iPhone being the first major smartphone supportive of apps. Tesla had a similar approach to the auto industry. Musk was the first to focus attention on autonomous, electric cars not just as a concept, but rather the execution. Before Tesla, electric cars were niche products but the company made the product a mainstream one and following Tesla’s lead, most major carmakers and even tech companies are now investing in self-driving and electric automobile technology. The biggest similarity between both companies has been that their vision has been different than the prevalent norms and in most cases, way ahead of its time. But, what Wozniak is indicating isn’t wrong either. While Apple has grown considerably in terms of size, it can’t be said to be on the forefront of innovation any longer and the biggest proof of this is the company’s flagship device, the iPhone. For years, Apple’s iPhone was way ahead of its Android rivals, in terms of the features it offered. In fact, every iPhone release brought out a feature that wasn’t to be found on any Android phone, right up to the iPhone 4, which came with Siri. But the market forces have caught up with Apple and the company is no longer at the forefront of innovation. After iPhone 4, every new iPhone has had incremental or even large-scale changes in comparison to the previous generation of the device, but the device can no longer be said to be miles ahead of the competition. In fact, Android devices such the Samsung Galaxy S8, which offer features such as a 10nm processor, Bixby and Dual Audio might be way ahead of Apple in terms of features. Instead, like any large tech company, Apple is now consolidating its market share and making devices such as iPhone SE, a rehash of the iPhone 5, to cater to the budget consumer. Read: Tesla Solar Roof Tiles' Pre-Orders To Begin Soon, US Rollout Expected This Year Tesla, as Wozniak says, is a “young company” and is continuing to innovate in various areas, whether it be its cars, solar energy, space travel and even Musk’s latest obsessions – brain powered devices and tunneling machines. As tech companies mature, market factors start affecting them more and their tendency for innovation is replaced by market capitalization, as happened in Apple’s case. Tesla is still in its nascent years compared to Apple, which is why Wozniak’s assumption could be correct.  Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories How Does Tesla's Model 3 Compare To The Model S? Tesla, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk Optimistic Trump Will Make Good Decision On Paris Agreement Recommended Business Why The Price Of Oil Is Falling Crude oil's rally came to an end this week on fears that too much oil will continue to be a problem. Technology What Happens When You Vomit After Drinking Nearly everyone has prayed to the porcelain gods after a long, alcohol-fueled night. World 15 Killed, More Than 40 Injured In ISIS Car Bomb Attack In Baghdad Videos of the blast posted on social media showed chaotic scenes on the streets surrounding an ice cream shop in Baghdad, where the explosion took place. National Chaos At Texas State Capitol Against SB 4 After protests erupted at Texas House on Monday over the state’s new anti-‘sanctuary cities’ law, one Republican threatened to shoot a fellow lawmaker during a scuffle among the lawmakers at the house. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple Maps enhances Apple Park coverage with 3D building models, walkways & more Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 2 Apple has updated a Maps backend with 3D buildings, campus walkways and other information pertaining to Apple Park, the company’s massive new headquarters in Cupertino, California. As first noted by MacRumors, the enhanced coverage of Apple Park includes 3D building models in the standard 2D view, as well as access roads running in and out of the campus, traffic directions, pedestrian walkways and more. Other relevant Apple Park points of interest that can now be found on Apple Maps include the Steve Jobs Theater, the research and development facilities, Apple’s fitness center for employees, above-ground parking and a pond at the center of the main building. Earlier this month, Google added three-dimensional imagery of the main ring-shaped office building that’s a bit out of date. Apple Maps implemented 3D images of the site along with descriptions and searchable geolocation tags back in March 2017. Tagged: Apple Apple Maps Apple Park iSpaceship News MORE FROM iDB Video recap: Apple Park construction progress made over past 12 months Watch this nighttime drone footage showing finishing touches being put on Apple Park 3D satellite imagery and related details for Apple Park go live on Apple Maps Siri Tim Cook Holness What’s macrumros? I think u mean macrumors Christian Zibreg Yes, I fixed it. Thank you! Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to change iPhone keyboard layout Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Video: Samsung’s stretchable AMOLED prototype display in action Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations Accessories New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus DUBLIN, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping” report to their offering. Knowles was the first to introduce MEMS microphones to the market in 2003 and is now the worldleader in MEMS microphones, with its SiSonic technology. Knowles is Apple’s main MEMS microphone supplier. Yole Développement estimates the sales of Knowles’ MEMS microphones at $360M in 2016, giving the company over 40% of the market. That year, Knowles shipped over 1.55 billion MEMS microphones. Moreover, Knowles has filed several patent lawsuits in the last ten years against rival manufacturers. In this context, it is important to understand the links between Knowles’ MEMS microphones and their related patents. Our partner, System Plus Consulting, analyzed the MEMS microphone components included in the iPhone 7 Plus, which was launched by Apple in September 2016. The smartphone contains four MEMS microphones: one front-facing top microphone, two front-facing bottom microphones and one rear-facing top microphone. Two different MEMS microphones from Knowles have been found in the iPhone 7 Plus, the KSM microphones, KSM1 or KSM2, and the KMM microphone, KMM1. The models are very similar and the study focuses mainly on the KSM format. Based on the features revealed by the microphone teardowns, we have identified the closest Knowles patents to these technologies, and describe the main claimed features. This helps understand the core technologies developed by Knowles in their MEMS microphones. Knowles microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus include technologies claimed in patents published in the early 2000s and in the mid-2010s. We have also observed new IP activity linked to these microphones. The technologies currently being developed could represent a new angle of attack for infringement litigation from Knowles after the wave of suits the company initiated over the last decade. Combining the data obtained by System Plus Consulting’s teardown of Knowles microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with an IP analysis, this report highlights IP related to these MEMS microphones. Moreover, it analyzes Knowles’ related patent portfolio in order to understand the company’s IP strategy and to identify main IP competitors. Key Features Of The Report: Essential IP analysis of Knowles’ patent portfolio related to the MEMS Microphones of Apple iPhone 7 Plus including:  – Time evolution of patent publications and countries of patent filings  – Current legal status of patents – Citation network and competitive IP networks – Inventor identification – Analysis of main patent lawsuits filed by Knowles – Deep insight on technology data, including teardown analysis, of the Knowles MEMS Microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Objective Of The Report: – Understand Knowles’ IP strategy  – Identify key patents held by Knowles, and related to product features  – Find the link between patented technological solutions and the marketed product. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction   Companies Mentioned – AAC Technologies – Akustica – Amkor Technology – Analog Devices – Goertek – Infineon – Invensense – Kyocera – NXP – Omron – Panasonic – TDK – Yamaha For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/23ndpw/knowles_mems Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com    SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vertiv Extends Liebert® PCW Range with Highest Efficiency Chilled Water Solution Next PostNext Trucking Industry Recognizes Memorial Day Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus DUBLIN, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping” report to their offering. Knowles was the first to introduce MEMS microphones to the market in 2003 and is now the worldleader in MEMS microphones, with its SiSonic technology. Knowles is Apple’s main MEMS microphone supplier. Yole Développement estimates the sales of Knowles’ MEMS microphones at $360M in 2016, giving the company over 40% of the market. That year, Knowles shipped over 1.55 billion MEMS microphones. Moreover, Knowles has filed several patent lawsuits in the last ten years against rival manufacturers. In this context, it is important to understand the links between Knowles’ MEMS microphones and their related patents. Our partner, System Plus Consulting, analyzed the MEMS microphone components included in the iPhone 7 Plus, which was launched by Apple in September 2016. The smartphone contains four MEMS microphones: one front-facing top microphone, two front-facing bottom microphones and one rear-facing top microphone. Two different MEMS microphones from Knowles have been found in the iPhone 7 Plus, the KSM microphones, KSM1 or KSM2, and the KMM microphone, KMM1. The models are very similar and the study focuses mainly on the KSM format. Based on the features revealed by the microphone teardowns, we have identified the closest Knowles patents to these technologies, and describe the main claimed features. This helps understand the core technologies developed by Knowles in their MEMS microphones. Knowles microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus include technologies claimed in patents published in the early 2000s and in the mid-2010s. We have also observed new IP activity linked to these microphones. The technologies currently being developed could represent a new angle of attack for infringement litigation from Knowles after the wave of suits the company initiated over the last decade. Combining the data obtained by System Plus Consulting’s teardown of Knowles microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with an IP analysis, this report highlights IP related to these MEMS microphones. Moreover, it analyzes Knowles’ related patent portfolio in order to understand the company’s IP strategy and to identify main IP competitors. Key Features Of The Report: Essential IP analysis of Knowles’ patent portfolio related to the MEMS Microphones of Apple iPhone 7 Plus including:  – Time evolution of patent publications and countries of patent filings  – Current legal status of patents – Citation network and competitive IP networks – Inventor identification – Analysis of main patent lawsuits filed by Knowles – Deep insight on technology data, including teardown analysis, of the Knowles MEMS Microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Objective Of The Report: – Understand Knowles’ IP strategy  – Identify key patents held by Knowles, and related to product features  – Find the link between patented technological solutions and the marketed product. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction   Companies Mentioned – AAC Technologies – Akustica – Amkor Technology – Analog Devices – Goertek – Infineon – Invensense – Kyocera – NXP – Omron – Panasonic – TDK – Yamaha For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/23ndpw/knowles_mems Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com    SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vertiv Extends Liebert® PCW Range with Highest Efficiency Chilled Water Solution Next PostNext Trucking Industry Recognizes Memorial Day Search Recent Posts GlobalData Travel and Tourism Survey 2017-2018 Global Specialty Pulp and Paper Chemicals Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.4% by 2021 – Growth in Demand For Functional Chemicals – Research and Markets Global Root Beer Market 2017-2021 SSD Insights Report Q2/17-2021: Computing SSD Quarterly Trend, TLC SSD Trend, Computing Petabyte Forecast & SSD Market by Technology – Research and Markets Digital Single Market: EU negotiators agree on the WiFi4EU initiative Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Maps Now Shows Apple Park 3D Models, Campus Walkways Monday May 29, 2017 4:22 AM PDT by Tim Hardwick Apple has quietly updated its Maps app to include additional 3D coverage of the new Apple Park campus location in Cupertino, California. The enhanced detail includes a "Map" view with 3D building models as well as access roads running in and out of the campus. Traffic directions, pedestrian walkways, and other information can also be found when searching the area. In addition, the company has added some new points of interest for Apple Park, such as the Steve Jobs Theater, the research and development facility, the staff fitness center, and above-ground parking. The manmade pond that lies within the walls of the main building also features. Apple has gradually been adding Maps location information and satellite imagery for Apple Park since March. The company has already started moving thousands of staff to the new campus while landscaping and exterior work to the central office building continues, as evidenced in recent drone footage. Apple Park began as an idea by the late former CEO Steve Jobs, who pitched the plans for the campus to the Cupertino City Council in 2011, with a completion date for 2015. Demolition on the proposed site began in 2013, but construction delays pushed back a late 2016 opening to the spring of 2017. (Via AppleInsider.) Tag: Apple Park 29 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) KeyMs92 19 hours ago at 04:56 am Whatever you think of Apple Maps, Apple Park coverage has been excellent. Rating: 5 Votes Aluminum213 17 hours ago at 06:42 am Now if only Apple maps would actually cover the rest of the country it would be useful Rating: 4 Votes Stella 18 hours ago at 05:40 am Well, ok. I'm sure Apple took extra care to ensure the mapping was accurate down to the last mm! I still don't trust Apple maps and doesn't cover enough modes of transport and have long since removed the app icon from my phone. Rating: 3 Votes Steve.P.JobsFan 17 hours ago at 07:23 am Considering not a single normal soul will be allowed in the park, they might have just well covered area 51. That's most certainly not true. There is an Apple Store and a café that are open to the public. Rating: 2 Votes Futurix 16 hours ago at 07:54 am They didn't update the app, they updated the server database with 3D data :rolleyes: Rating: 1 Votes Bart Kela 9 hours ago at 02:42 pm I wonder how they'll map out the building. (post truncated for legibility) For me, it makes sense to have a system like a 360 degree, but do you use magnetic north (easy if you have a phone, but changes - ask a pilot) or true north? Something like Floor Lettered Distance Radial, so 4S270 would be on the west side, a considerable distance from the center of the circle, on the 4th floor.) The compass analogy isn't bad, but a little dorky, especially the part about magnetic versus true north. I think a clock analogy would be simpler and more universally recognized. The first number would be the floor, then a letter would be used to describe relative location within the ring (letter A for the zone closest to the courtyard, letter B for center part of the ring, and letter C for the zone with windows looking away from the building). The second number would be the approximate location on an analog clock. So if you were on the second floor, along the inside (courtyard) window on the east side, you'd be in section 2A3. If you were on the third floor on the south side overlooking Hwy 280, you'd be in 3C6. Plus, using analog clock numbers is more concise, a maximum of two digits, not three. Plus, all you have to do is look at or visualize an analog watch face to get a sense of your bearings rather than fire up the compass app (there's no native compass app on the iPad). Using the compass analogy, it would take some people a few moments to figure out that 150 degrees is 5 o'clock. So will people ride iScooters to get from one side of the building to the other? Or can you cut through the center? Two peeps trying to meet: "Hey, you're not here yet. Did you walk clockwise or counter clockwise... Okay just stand still; I'll be there in about 30." There are underground passages for quicker crossings. On fair weather days, some will opt to walk through the courtyard. However, I'm guessing that they will strategically place engineering divisions so the iPhone hardware engineering team isn't on the opposite side of the building as the iOS software engineering team. Also, there's no requirement for them to put all division team members on the same floor. The iOS software team could occupy a certain quadrant of the ring, but on multiple levels, so visiting a colleague/attending a meeting/going to a lab would me a quick trip up and down stairs (or an elevator) Rating: 1 Votes jonnysods 18 hours ago at 06:00 am Hopefully it works well for the employees! Rating: 1 Votes Bart Kela 3 hours ago at 08:38 pm Aerial overhead photography can useful, but it also has its shortcomings. Actually, it's rather hard to tell from Google Earth about land usage advantage since A.) you don't see the number of stories the building has, and B.) it doesn't indicate the size of the underground parking facilities (nor the capacity of the two above-ground parking garages on the southern perimeter). The old HP complex was a typical Silicon Valley corporate campus (maybe one or two stories), plus ground level parking on wide swaths of asphalt. What won't show up on aerial photography at all is the traffic impact on the higher-occupancy Apple Park complex. There will be more people at Apple Park than the old HP campus, but the freeway isn't any wider nor are the bordering surface streets (North Wolfe Road, Homestead Road, Tantau Avenue). There is no rail-based mass transit (Caltrain, VTA Light Rail) and none of the three aforementioned streets are really great bicycle throughways. North Tantau Avenue does not have its own freeway off-ramp so the bulk of the traffic will be from the North Wolfe exit (traffic from the north/San Francisco) and Lawrence Expressway (traffic from the south/San Jose). There is a large hospital (Kaiser Permanente) at the corner of Homestead and Lawrence, so before a single Apple employee drives to the new Apple Park, there is already a fair amount of traffic on these streets. There's a decidedly moribund shopping mall (Vallco Park) just south of I-280. If that ever picks up again, again that will drive more traffic to these freeway exits. Best to stay away from this area during rush hour. It's gonna be a cluster. The people who are really screwed are the apartment residents in the southwestern section. Unless you live there and work at Apple Park, it's going to hell on weekdays. Also, the apartment residents have lost easy access to the east. Pruneridge Avenue no longer bisects the Apple property, those residents will be forced to turn right onto North Wolfe and right again onto Homestead. For sure, Apple is sticking a heck of a lot more people in the new development, but with that comes its own set of issues. Rating: 1 Votes JeffyTheQuik 17 hours ago at 07:33 am I wonder how they'll map out the building. Typically, in squarish buildings, it's like Battleship, where I may be at location 5P4, where the first digit is the floor number, and the P4 is an XY coordinate. For me, it makes sense to have a system like a 360 degree, but do you use magnetic north (easy if you have a phone, but changes - ask a pilot) or true north? Something like Floor Lettered Distance Radial, so 4S270 would be on the west side, a considerable distance from the center of the circle, on the 4th floor. Rectangular coordinates wouldn't work so well, as there would be gaps in the coverage, and gridding out a circular building makes it harder to find something. I've seen stadia with their systems, but they seem to be more of a system that makes sense to them (i.e. circular alphabet and hundreds for the level.) Rating: 1 Votes solipsism 15 hours ago at 09:25 am I wonder how they'll map out the building. Typically, in squarish buildings, it's like Battleship, where I may be at location 5P4, where the first digit is the floor number, and the P4 is an XY coordinate. For me, it makes sense to have a system like a 360 degree, but do you use magnetic north (easy if you have a phone, but changes - ask a pilot) or true north? Something like Floor Lettered Distance Radial, so 4S270 would be on the west side, a considerable distance from the center of the circle, on the 4th floor. Rectangular coordinates wouldn't work so well, as there would be gaps in the coverage, and gridding out a circular building makes it harder to find something. I've seen stadia with their systems, but they seem to be more of a system that makes sense to them (i.e. circular alphabet and hundreds for the level.) I like using degrees as markers. They could also create section names since that's usually a little easier for most people to understand. I'm wondering if we'll hear about an internal app that using the tech form the indoor mapping companies they've purchased so you can, say, look an internal email footer of a person, click on their office or the conference room they want you to meet at, and having it direct you how to get there, show you a map, and tell you how long it will take to walk there. The biggest need will likely be for the employees parking under the ring who want to park closest to their workspace. After that it's probably fairly simple to navigate. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide... 260 comments Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your... 127 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. ... 54 comments Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to... 137 comments macOS 10.13 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Hope to See in the Next Version of macOS 3 days ago on Front Page Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference is set to kick off on June 5, and along with a new version of iOS, Apple is expected to introduce the next-generation version of macOS, macOS 10.13.... 317 comments Apple Developing 'Apple Neural Engine' Chip to Power AI in iOS Devices 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is developing a dedicated processor that will be used to handle AI-related tasks like facial and speech recognition in its products, reports Bloomberg. Citing a source with knowledge of... 104 comments This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad 4 days ago on Front Page This week's cover of The New Yorker has been sketched using an iPad and Apple Pencil, created by illustrator Jorge Colombo. The image depicts Brooklyn Bridge Park in Brooklyn Heights that Colombo... 108 comments TSMC Sources Claim 'iPhone 8' Will Have Touch ID Integrated into Display 4 days ago on Front Page Apple has successfully finalized a solution to integrate Touch ID fingerprint recognition directly into the display of its upcoming "iPhone 8", according to a new report on Friday. ... 220 comments • iPhone 8 Case Compared to iPhone 7 Offers Clear Picture of Size Difference (143) • iOS 11 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Are Hoping to See in the Next Version of iOS (291) • Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed (119) • Apple Releases New Earth Day Video at Sustainable Brands Event (46) • New York Mag's Lauren Kern Named First Editor-in-Chief of Apple News (67) • Apple Watch Proves Most Accurate at Measuring Heart Rate in New Fitness Tracker Study (137) • New iPhone 8 Dummy Video Surfaces as Third-Party Companies Start Developing Clones (215)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Waking Mars' , 2012 Game of the Year, Gets Update for 64-Bit Compatibility Check Out These Behind-the-Scenes Images of 'Vignettes' 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Wants You to Catch the Bouquet in its Latest Event Budget Un'Goro Decks, Wild Tournament Talk, Twitch Streamers and More 'Hearthstone' Weekly News in 'Touchstone' #99 Best iPhone Game Updates: 'Onirim', 'Fallout Shelter', 'Nimian Legends: BrightRidge', 'Disney Magic Kingdoms', and More Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Research and Markets - Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus News provided by Research and Markets 29 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping" report to their offering. Knowles was the first to introduce MEMS microphones to the market in 2003 and is now the worldleader in MEMS microphones, with its SiSonic technology. Knowles is Apple's main MEMS microphone supplier. Yole Développement estimates the sales of Knowles' MEMS microphones at $360M in 2016, giving the company over 40% of the market. That year, Knowles shipped over 1.55 billion MEMS microphones. Moreover, Knowles has filed several patent lawsuits in the last ten years against rival manufacturers. In this context, it is important to understand the links between Knowles' MEMS microphones and their related patents. Our partner, System Plus Consulting, analyzed the MEMS microphone components included in the iPhone 7 Plus, which was launched by Apple in September 2016. The smartphone contains four MEMS microphones: one front-facing top microphone, two front-facing bottom microphones and one rear-facing top microphone. Two different MEMS microphones from Knowles have been found in the iPhone 7 Plus, the KSM microphones, KSM1 or KSM2, and the KMM microphone, KMM1. The models are very similar and the study focuses mainly on the KSM format. Based on the features revealed by the microphone teardowns, we have identified the closest Knowles patents to these technologies, and describe the main claimed features. This helps understand the core technologies developed by Knowles in their MEMS microphones. Knowles microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus include technologies claimed in patents published in the early 2000s and in the mid-2010s. We have also observed new IP activity linked to these microphones. The technologies currently being developed could represent a new angle of attack for infringement litigation from Knowles after the wave of suits the company initiated over the last decade. Combining the data obtained by System Plus Consulting's teardown of Knowles microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus with an IP analysis, this report highlights IP related to these MEMS microphones. Moreover, it analyzes Knowles' related patent portfolio in order to understand the company's IP strategy and to identify main IP competitors. Key Features Of The Report: Essential IP analysis of Knowles' patent portfolio related to the MEMS Microphones of Apple iPhone 7 Plus including:  - Time evolution of patent publications and countries of patent filings  - Current legal status of patents - Citation network and competitive IP networks - Inventor identification - Analysis of main patent lawsuits filed by Knowles - Deep insight on technology data, including teardown analysis, of the Knowles MEMS Microphones in the Apple iPhone 7 Plus Objective Of The Report: - Understand Knowles' IP strategy  - Identify key patents held by Knowles, and related to product features  - Find the link between patented technological solutions and the marketed product. Key Topics Covered: 1. Introduction   2. Methodology   3. Tear Down   4. Patent Landscape Overview  5. Patent-To-Product Mapping  6. Patent Litigation  7. Conclusion Companies Mentioned - AAC Technologies - Akustica - Amkor Technology - Analog Devices - Goertek - Infineon - Invensense - Kyocera - NXP - Omron - Panasonic - TDK - Yamaha For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/23ndpw/knowles_mems Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 29 May, 2017, 13:30 BST Preview: Research and Markets - Global Lithium Market 2017-2021: Key Vendors are Albemarle, FMC, Sichuan Tianqi Lithium Industries & SQM 29 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Preview: Mainland China Semiconductor and Equipment Markets Report 2017 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 00:30 BSTGlobal Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare Market 2017-2022:... 00:20 BSTAngola Dairy Market 2011-2017 - Research and Markets Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Computer Electronics Consumer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - Knowles MEMS Microphones in Apple iPhone 7 Plus Patent-to-Product Mapping Report: What are the Main Patented Features of Knowles? MEMS Microphones in the iPhone 7 Plus News provided by Research and Markets 29 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Co-Founder Says Tesla And Not Apple Will Bring The Next Big Thing By Adnan Farooqui on 05/29/2017 05:01 PDT The tech industry is fond of chasing after the next big thing, often referred to as a moonshot, and we’ve seen quite a few of them over the years. Apple is one company that has changed the way how the world communicates. It was nothing short of a moonshot, but Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak believes that it’s not going to be Apple that brings us the next big thing. It will be Tesla. Speaking to Bloomberg Canada, Wozniak says that Tesla is likely going to be at the forefront of the next big thing that the world is anticipating. “I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,” he said, adding that “They’ve put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.” Woz pointed out that Tesla CEO Elon Musk anticipated the need for more efficient transportation systems, electric and autonomous cars. “It fit one person’s ideal of this will be the most beautiful, you know, a very beautiful, elegant and simple device to use,” he said of the Model S, Tesla’s first real product, which enabled the company to work on so much more. One might have thought that Woz would bet on the company he co-founded more, but for now, it looks like he doesn’t see Apple doing anything that will really change the world in a way that it has done before. Filed in General. Read more about Steve Wozniak and tesla. Related Articles 2017-05-25 Tesla Model 3 0-60mph Time Said To Be 5.6 Seconds 2017-05-18 Mercedes Benz's Home Battery Coming To The U.S. 2017-05-16 Tesla Rejected Uber’s Proposal To Work On Self-Driving Cars Together 2017-05-10 Pre-order Tesla Solar Roof Tiles Starting Today 2017-04-30 Tesla Electric Semi Truck Teaser Image Revealed By Elon Musk Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic 40+ Memorial Day freebies and deals More than 65 buy-one-get-one free deals on fun in the sun from Sunny.org good May 1-Oct. 15, 2017. More than 65 buy-one-get-one free deals on fun in the sun from Sunny.org good May 1-Oct. 15, 2017. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Memorial Day freebies, discounts and deals for soldiers, vets and civilians. Privacy Policy On Memorial Day, we honor those who have so honored us with their sacrifice and service to keep America free and strong. Retailers, restaurants and attractions also salute our military heroes, offering discounts to veterans, active duty and retired U.S. military, National Guard and reservists with ID through Monday. In some cases, spouses and families members are included, too. Here' a list of freebies for vets, soldier and civilians. Allegiant Airlines: Free bags checks, boarding passes printed, seat assignments for active duty military, retired military veterans, members of the National Guard, military reserve and their dependents. AAA: Free tipsy tow service for everyone on Memorial Day weekend Friday-Tuesday. Apple: Special savings on Apple products for current, former and retired U.S. military, National Guard and reservists, government employees, contractors and family members of government entities. There are special offers on Apple Care Protection Plans, too. Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) AT&T Thanks: Free screening of "Megan Leavey" for veterans and active duty and three others on May 30 at participating theaters. Blue Star Museum Program: Free visits to 2,000 museums for military and their families starting Memorial Day through Labor Day with ID. Blue Star Theater Program: Free and discounted movies for vets, active duty and their families at 159 national theaters. BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse: Coupon for free appetizer with any $9.95 purchase; expires June 17. BJ's Wholesale Club: Free trial membership; expires July 31. Brides Across America: Free wedding dresses for military and first responder brides. Butterfly World: $10 off admission on Monday for veterans and active duty military at the Coconut Creek attraction. Costco Wholesale: Free $10 or $20 gift card with membership; expires May 31.  Cinemark Theaters: Show military ID at participating theaters and get a special discount. Offers vary by location. Memorial Day weekend officially kicks off summer, so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) Delta Arlines: Free bags check for military personnel. Denny's: Coupon for 20 percent off entire check; expires Monday. Disney World Military Discount: 4-day Park Hopper passes for $196 for active, retired or spouses with ID. GovX.com: Veterans, active duty, government employees and first responders get up to 40 percent discounts on major league sports tickets, including Miami Dolphins, Miami Marlins, Florida Panthers and Miami Heat, as well as concerts, travel, apparel and more with ID. Home Depot: 10 percent off for veterans and their families on military holiday weekends and every day for active military and families with ID. Hooters: 10 free wings or choice of four other entrees for veterans and active-duty military at participating locations with ID on Monday. IKEA: Eat for free in the restaurant with $100 furniture purchase on Saturday-Monday and save $25 with a coupon. JC Penney: Coupon for $10 off $25 purchase through Monday; free 8-by-10 portrait for military families through July 11.  Jiffy Lube: $5 off a signature oil change. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. See more videos Jungle Island: Free entry for veterans with ID on Monday. Plus, up to four family members get 50 percent off admission, too. Kohl's: Coupon for $10 off $25 purchase; expires Monday. Lowe's Home Improvement: 10 percent off for veterans and their families on military holiday weekends and every day for active military and families with ID. Doreen Christensen is a gues on WLRN's Topical Currents hosted by Bonnie Berman where she talks about Memorial Day deals Doreen Christensen is a gues on WLRN's Topical Currents hosted by Bonnie Berman where she talks about Memorial Day deals See more videos Macy's: 20 percent off and earn $5 in free Macy's Money with $25 purchase through Monday. Miami Marlins: Free tickets and discounts for the 2017 season.  Miami Museum Month: Free and discounted entry at 25 museums and gardens from the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau; expires Tuesday. Miami Seaquarium: Free entry, 50 percent off family discounts for vets, military and first responders with ID through Monday. National Parks Military Pass: Free pass for active-duty military and their families offers free entry to U.S. National Parks with ID.  Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for vets, active duty military and their families through July 4. Overwatch: Free game play on Xbox One and PlayStation 4 on May 26-29. Rapids Wate Park: Free admission in June ith paid admission on Saturday-Monday. Rick Case Automotive Group: Double miltiary discount of up to $2,000 on Hondas, Hyundais, Genisis, Fiats, Kias and Acuras at South Floroda dealerships for veterans, active duty and spouses; expires May 31. SeaWorld and Busch Gardens: Waves of Honor program offers free entry to theme parks for military and their families with ID through Dec. 31. South Florida Adventure Pass: Pay one price for unlimited summer fun at Flamingo Gardens, Jungle Island, Pérez Art Museum Miami, Sawgrass Recreation Park and Young at Art Museum; expires Sept. 30. Summer Savings Pass: Free unlimited visits to Lion Country Safari, Museum of Discovery and Science,  Zoo Miami and Miami Seaquarium; expires Sept. 30. Sunny.org 2-for-1 Summer Offers: Buy-one-get-one free deals at South Florida attractions, stores and restaurants; expires Sept. 30. Target: Free $5 gift card with $20 meat or seafood purchase by texting GRILL to 827438 (paper coupon, on page 3 of Target circular, also is accepted at Publix markets); expires June 3. Texas de Brazil: 50 percent off dinner for veterans and active-duty military and 20 percent off take-out orders on Monday at participating locations.  Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) VisitOrlando.com: Discounted theme park tickets for Memorial Day weekend. Walgreens: 20 percent off for veterans, active duty military personnel and immediate family, including the families of those who lost their lives in service to their country, on Monday. Zoo Miami: Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT personnel and up to six family members get 50 percent off admission on Friday through June 2. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Publix Super Markets Inc. PlayStation Busch Gardens Orlando Bloomin' Brands, Inc. Blue Star Museum program offers free museum entry for military and families Memorial Day is May 26, 2017. Memorial Day is Monday, May 29. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 82°
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Popular Chinese lesbian dating app with over 5 million registered users removed from the internet Shares1 Mon, 29 May 2017-05:12pm , Reuters A popular Chinese dating app for lesbians has been shut down, along with its website and it's main social media account. A popular Chinese dating app for lesbians has been shut down, along with its website and main social media account, just as the gay community celebrates Taiwan's decision giving same-sex couples the right to marry, a first for Asia. The app, Rela, set up in 2012, has around 5 million registered users, a cached version of its entry on Apple's iTunes site shows. But users began noticing last week that the app, along with its Twitter-like Weibo account and website, was no longer accessible, according to users posting on Weibo under the hashtags #rela and #relahasbeenblocked. The service was temporarily suspended due to an "important adjustment in service," Rela told users on its WeChat app account. "Rela has always been with you and please await its return!" it added, but gave no details of why it was suspending service. "This is discrimination against us lesbians," wrote one user on Weibo. "Not being able to open it feels like being jilted," wrote another. It was not immediately clear why Rela has been shut down. The company did not respond to an email seeking comment. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Internet regulator the Cyberspace Administration of China also did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment on Monday, which is a national holiday. In the past, the government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including Western sites such as Facebook and Google's main search engine and Gmail service. It is not illegal to be gay in China, although the country regarded homosexuality as a mental disorder until 2001. Many large cities have thriving gay scenes, but gay individuals still face a lot of family pressure to get married and have children. Gay activists say deeply conservative attitudes towards homosexuality in some parts of society have contributed to occasional government clampdowns. In April, another gay Chinese dating app, Zank, was also shut down after operating for about four years. In a message on its Weibo account, which is still available, Zank said it had been accused by the internet regulator of broadcasting pornographic content and so had been closed down. Still, gay dating apps are big business, even for Chinese companies. Last week Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd said it would buy the remaining stake in global gay dating app Grindr that it did not own. TOP TOP < Mamata Banerjee challenges PM Modi, rejects Centre's cattle slaughter ban   Comments   Also Read Mobile Want to buy the OnePlus 3T? Here's how you can avail Rs 1,500 off Technology China to implement stringent cybersecurity law; bans collecting users' personal info Technology Popular Chinese lesbian dating app with over 5 million registered users removed from the internet Technology Computex 2017: ARM Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 and Mali-G72 GPU unveiled Technology Facebook 'ban' of anti-Muslim slur sparks Myanmar outcry Technology WhatsApp allows teens to better express themselves, reveals study < Previous ArticleNext Article > Mamata Banerjee challenges PM Modi, rejects Centre's cattle slaughter ban Live Cricket Score New Zealand vs Sri Lanka Tue, 30 May 2017, 03:00 PM IST India vs Bangladesh Tue, 30 May 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related China to implement stringent cybersecurity law; bans collecting users' personal info China launches satellite navigation, positioning system China to launch first X-ray space telescope to study Milky Way Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags China Asia Communist Party Facebook Google Grindr Taiwan Zank Apple iTunes Cyberspace Administration Rela Rela app lesbian dating app dating apps SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Babri hearing: BJP leaders will emerge unscathed, assures Naidu No one can stop construction of Ram temple: Sakshi Maharaj Ahead of crucial Babri hearing, CM Adityanath meets Advani, Joshi Imran tells poll body he's surprised by contempt of court notices "Shocked" S.Korea leader Moon orders probe into extra U.S. THAAD launchers Sport Cricket-South Africa confident ahead of Champions Trophy, says Domingo Champions Trophy: 'India can retain title, pace attack has real firepower,' says Kumar Sangakkara We need to forget that we are playing India: Haris Sohail Selfie for a cause: Gautam Gambhir starts unique campaign to thank brave hearts of Indian army Tennis-Bedene eyes Slovenia switch to pursue Olympic dream Entertainment Priyanka Chopra's Baywatch TANKS at the US box office! Here's how Tusshar Kapoor plans to celebrate son Laksshya's first birhday! Chitrangda Singh opposite Saif Ali Khan in Baazaar! Not Kareena Kapoor Khan, this time Sara Ali Khan joins Malaika Arora Khan at the gym! George Clooney feels 'People can make a difference' amid Humanitarian crisis Money Jubilant FoodWorks shares tumble 13% after Q4 results GLOBAL MARKETS-Greece, Italy uncertainties dent euro, Asian stocks, lift yen BRIEF-London Stock Exchange to acquire yield book & Citi FI indices for $685 mln xCoriander extend losses 2.30% in futures trade on low demand Crude palm oil futures fall 1.04% on profit-booking Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: How Windows 10's rapid release works Excel 2016 cheat sheet Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. For enterprise protection, antivirus software is no longer enough Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans, Computerworld | May 29, 2017 3:25 AM PT About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Apple’s iPad gains drag-&-drop and a Finder-like file system “We believe that this is the way inter app communication should’ve been done on iOS since the very beginning.” Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Adam Patrick Murray More like this Apple needs to go pro for the iPad Pro Expect more A.I. in Apple's iOS enterprise future How Apple iCloud Drive works and how to use it Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! Apple leads the mobile enterprise and consumers, prosumers, and enterprise users all have high hopes for its iPads, but one thing we haven’t yet had is support for drag-&-drop between apps on the tablet. Things have changed Independent developer, Readdle, has updated its suite of productivity products to support drag-&-drop between themselves. This means users of Scanner Pro, PDF Expert, Spark and Documents can shift items between these apps using drag, drop, and touch – what could be more intuitive? The developers see this as a highly logical next step when using iPad Split View mode. I imagine many iPad users would agree. [Also read: 17 iPad tips and secrets you’ll use] The developers also upgraded their Documents 6, claiming to have turned it into something like a macOS Finder, but on iOS. “Documents  serves as a single integration hub for all your cloud services! Connect your Dropbox, Google Drive, Box, WebDAV and access all of your files online and offline from one app” they said. The lack of this kind of Finder view has limited what some users have been able to do with their iPads, so it will be interesting to see what use (if any) people make of the (albeit limited to Readdle apps) feature now it is here. The future of iPad? In a press statement, Readdle said: “Apple hasn’t introduced a way for those two applications to interact, but this didn’t stop us from finding a way to make cross app drag-&-drop work. The fact that we have an ecosystem of productivity apps with millions of users makes it possible for us to create this for seamless experiences of our users. “The Readdle Team hopes that Apple will introduce their own implementation of inter app drag-&-drop one day,” they added. “We believe that this is the way inter app communication should’ve been done on iOS since the very beginning.” Many iOS users don’t really want to replicate the Mac operating system on their tablet. Apple’s intention with the OS has been to create a modern system that logically connects with future computer interfaces, and drag-&-drop support may not have fitted this philosophy. Has this changed? Missing features Readdle suggests the following usage scenarios for its implementation of drag-&-drop: Attach scans and files to emails Copy files from one app to another  Sign, edit and return document attachments Attach multiple files to email from various sources It is certainly preferable to be able to use one original document across multiple apps – right now, if you work on something on multiple apps you end up with multiple editions of the same item, one for each app. It is possible (I suppose) that Apple’s newly-acquired Workflow solution will be able to help resolve that challenge. Elegant solution Readdle’s implementation of drag-&-drop support is quite elegant, though it only works between the developer's own apps. You tap an item until a small icon appears and then drag it across the line dividing the iPad Split View screen into the other app. Right now you find that the apps then do something logical, in Documents you can even file items within the app’s own filing system, which includes what I’d call an alias that lets you pop an image into your Photos library. One more thing that’s got to be of interest to SME’s and enterprises that use Macs as well as iPads – so long as the Mac is on the same network as the iPad and both devices are synced, you can even drag-&-drop Documents items from your Mac to your iPad using your iPad. Where next? The developers deserve congratulation for figuring out how to deliver drag-&-drop on iPad – it really is one of those features that can radically improve workflow. It will be interesting to see if other developers (such as Microsoft with its Office for iOS solutions) follow suit, as doing so may make a big difference to the rapidly growing iOS enterprise market. Apple may even want to consider introducing similar system-wide technology, integrated with Workflow. Perhaps we will learn more about the pro future of iPad Pro at WWDC next week. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Mobile Apps Apple Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple's Last 17-Inch MacBook Pro Set to Become Obsolete Monday May 29, 2017 3:08 AM PDT by Tim Hardwick Apple will soon make the Mid-2011 MacBook Air and Late 2011 MacBook Pro obsolete, meaning the two models will no longer be accepted for official repair in Apple Stores from June 30. The computers are about to be added to Apple's vintage and obsolete products document, according to 9to5Mac, indicating that Apple has discontinued hardware support for both MacBooks in all regions except for California and Turkey. Also set to be included in the obsolescence list is the Mid-2009 17-inch MacBook Pro, which is the last 17-inch computer Apple has made. The company's large form factor laptops first made an appearance in 2003 with the launch of the 17-inch G4 Powerbook, which cost $3299 and featured a 1GHz processor, 512MB of RAM, and a 60GB hard drive. A 17-inch MacBook Pro formed part of Apple's notebook lineup between April 2006 and June 2012. The last major update to Apple's 17-inch Pro machine came in January 2009, when a unibody variant was unveiled. Apart from the computers, the iPhone 3GS and the first generation 802.11n AirPort Express will also be added to the list, as part of Apple's routine practice of making legacy devices obsolete. The company ended support for the polycarbonate MacBook and mid-2009 MacBook Pro models earlier this month. Tag: vintage and obsolete 66 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Twimfy 21 hours ago at 03:21 am Real shame. My 17" is my primary Mac and I love it. I really don't know what I'm going to go to next. I know a Retina 15" effectively offers more working space but it's just not the same as working on the 17" screen. Rating: 17 Votes Sunny1990 21 hours ago at 03:22 am Apple's 17" MacBook Pro was a incredible machine! Rating: 13 Votes Twimfy 21 hours ago at 03:24 am The 17" MacBook Pro was an extraordinary machine! It still is an extraordinary machine. A 2011 with an SSD and 8-16gb of Ram is still a good workhorse. It's just finding one where the GPU hasn't cooked itself that's the only reason I don't recommend them to people. Rating: 10 Votes otternonsense 21 hours ago at 03:35 am You will be missed. No recent MacBook Pro could fill in those shoes, certainly not the 2016 sad excuse. Rating: 10 Votes mixel 21 hours ago at 03:24 am Aww. :( it might have been a niche product but it was a nice one. Imagine how sleek a modern one could have been too. Rating: 10 Votes Kabeyun 20 hours ago at 04:31 am Lapzilla is dead. Long live Lapzilla. Rating: 8 Votes CmdrLaForge 19 hours ago at 05:01 am I always think Apple should do the 12" Macbook and a 14" and 16" Macbook Pro without bezels around the screen. Seems to me this would be the best sizes... Rating: 7 Votes b13o0r12e3 21 hours ago at 03:13 am no 17" MacBook, no Aperture. :( Rating: 6 Votes DUIduckSAUCE 16 hours ago at 08:13 am Apple's 17" MacBook Pro was a incredible machine! My favorite apple product of all time. Rating: 6 Votes asiga 19 hours ago at 04:46 am I think people are becoming to feel tired of too-small displays. I'm a big fan of lightness because I love to be able to hold my MBA with one hand (which proves useful and comfortable in the scenario I work), but on the other hand, I'm wondering that if the 12inch MacBook weighs 1Kg, Apple could release a 15inch MacBook at 1.4Kg, and such a big display with low weight could attract many users (I'd buy one). Then, I'll move the MacBook Pro to 15inch minimum and 17inch, which is the size they belong (bigger screens, with weight not so critical as in the MacBook). Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories 15-Inch MacBook Pro Delivery Estimates Slip Ahead of New Models Expected Next Week 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple has updated its online store to indicate that 15-inch MacBook Pro orders placed today are now estimated for free delivery between June 6-8 in the United States, coinciding with its Worldwide... 260 comments Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your... 127 comments Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. ... 54 comments Apple Orchard Road in Singapore Officially Opens to the Public 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today officially opened up its first retail location in Southeast Asia, Apple Orchard Road in Singapore, to the public at 10:00 a.m. local time. The store marks the newest addition to... 137 comments macOS 10.13 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Hope to See in the Next Version of macOS 3 days ago on Front Page Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference is set to kick off on June 5, and along with a new version of iOS, Apple is expected to introduce the next-generation version of macOS, macOS 10.13.... 317 comments Apple Developing 'Apple Neural Engine' Chip to Power AI in iOS Devices 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is developing a dedicated processor that will be used to handle AI-related tasks like facial and speech recognition in its products, reports Bloomberg. Citing a source with knowledge of... 104 comments This Week's Cover of 'The New Yorker' Was Sketched on an iPad 4 days ago on Front Page This week's cover of The New Yorker has been sketched using an iPad and Apple Pencil, created by illustrator Jorge Colombo. The image depicts Brooklyn Bridge Park in Brooklyn Heights that Colombo... 108 comments TSMC Sources Claim 'iPhone 8' Will Have Touch ID Integrated into Display 4 days ago on Front Page Apple has successfully finalized a solution to integrate Touch ID fingerprint recognition directly into the display of its upcoming "iPhone 8", according to a new report on Friday. ... 220 comments • iPhone 8 Case Compared to iPhone 7 Offers Clear Picture of Size Difference (143) • iOS 11 Wishlist: Features MacRumors Readers Are Hoping to See in the Next Version of iOS (291) • Apple Confirms June 5 WWDC Keynote Will Be Live Streamed (119) • Apple Releases New Earth Day Video at Sustainable Brands Event (46) • New York Mag's Lauren Kern Named First Editor-in-Chief of Apple News (67) • Apple Watch Proves Most Accurate at Measuring Heart Rate in New Fitness Tracker Study (137) • New iPhone 8 Dummy Video Surfaces as Third-Party Companies Start Developing Clones (215)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Waking Mars' , 2012 Game of the Year, Gets Update for 64-Bit Compatibility Check Out These Behind-the-Scenes Images of 'Vignettes' 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Wants You to Catch the Bouquet in its Latest Event Budget Un'Goro Decks, Wild Tournament Talk, Twitch Streamers and More 'Hearthstone' Weekly News in 'Touchstone' #99 Best iPhone Game Updates: 'Onirim', 'Fallout Shelter', 'Nimian Legends: BrightRidge', 'Disney Magic Kingdoms', and More Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
International Business Times, India Edition Search Home Technology Smartphones These iPhone, MacBook Air, Pro models no longer eligible for Apple repair support Check out the list of all MacBook, iPhone and other Apple products that will be turned obsolete on Friday. Sami Khan   May 29, 2017 16:08 IST iPhones, MacBooks that run out of Apple repair supportApple Press Kit If you are a proud owner of a classic Apple computer or a smartphone, this news is particularly for you. Starting Friday, June 30, series of Apple MacBook models, iPhones and Airport Express will be labeled vintage or obsolete. Do note that this isn't a label that will fetch you millions in an auction like the Apple-1 computer. To clear the air, Apple's products turning obsolete will no longer receive repair support at Apple Retail Stores and Authorised Service Providers. In simple words, if you still have a working MacBook Air, Pro or an iPhone, which was discontinued 5-7 years ago then take good care of it or you're on your own. Apple turns some of its own devices obsolete after a certain period of time because it cannot find the repairs. Although you can opt for unofficial channels, the Apple-authorized routes will be permanently shut for such products. On June 30, these are the Apple products will have the final nail in their coffin: 11-inch MacBook Air (mid-2011) 13-inch MacBook Air (mid-2011) 15-inch MacBook Pro (late-2011) 17-inch MacBook Pro (mid-2009 and late-2011) 1st generation 802.11n AirPort Express And finally, the 16GB and 32GB iPhone 3GS will be moved to obsolete dump-yard – 8 years after its release in 2009 as the third-gen iPhone. (Those were the days!) But there's an exception to this rule. In some countries, Apple is entitled to support the products that are obsolete elsewhere, albeit in limited extension. For instance, some of the products mentioned above will be labeled vintage instead of obsolete in Turkey and California, where the products will receive limited support for two more years. Apple doesn't notify its customers about the vintage or obsolete status of their products, but a publicly available document will give all the information on which devices are no longer supported by Apple. Related Apple iPhone 6 32GB launched in UK; price, colour options; all you need to know Apple iPhone 8 may include a feature that Samsung Galaxy S8 failed to incorporate Apple developing dedicated AI processor chip codenamed 'Apple Neural Engine' Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News WannaCry ransom message finds its roots in China 30 minutes ago By Vinod Yalburgi Lenovo Moto E4, E4 Plus price, launch date, specifications leaked 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular India's own GPS IRNSS NavIC made by ISRO to go live in early 2018 ISRO's Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS), also known as NavIC can be utilised for mobile integration, assist in disaster management and many other navigational services. BSNL satellite service for military, police launched; public to get in 2019 As of now, BSNL's satellite phone service is being offered to military, state police, railways and other government agencies and will launch the same facility for the public in a couple of years. This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked online, giving away the possible design of the flagship device. Samsung Galaxy C10 renders, 360-degree video reveal dual-camera setup and other secrets If rumours turn out to be true, the Samsung Galaxy C10 will be the company's first smartphone to feature a dual-camera setup. Judy malware strikes more than 36.5 million Android phones Taking cognizance of the threat, Google has removed all the 'Judy' malware-infested apps from Play store. How will China's Cybersecurity Law affect businesses? China will enforce its Cybersecurity Law early next month and it could cause ripples in several countries, including the US. Nokia 9 vs OnePlus 5: Which upcoming flagship has the potential? Two of the most anticipated flagship smartphones take on each other with their mind-blowing specs. OnePlus 5 release date leaked: Key specs, India launch, price and everything else you need to know OnePlus 5 is coming as early as next month, and here's a look at everything we know so far. Photo Gallery Sanjjanaa Galrani talks about her role in Dandupalya 2 South Indian actress Sanjjanaa Galrani talks about her role in Dandupalya 2 movie. Actress Poorna in Avanthika movie South Indian actress Poorna in Avanthika movie. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s 17-inch MacBook Pro To Be Marked Obsolete June 30 By Tyler Lee on 05/29/2017 02:24 PDT Back in the day, 17-inch laptops were all the rage. Sure they were massive to carry around but for users who didn’t mind the extra screen real estate, it was kind of a boon. However these days 17-inch laptops aren’t quite as common as before, save for gaming laptops, and Apple probably understood this which is why they stopped making the 17-inch MacBook Pro. That being said, the laptop while no longer in production is still supported by Apple, but its days of support could be coming to an end. This is because in a report from AppleInsider, Apple will be adding the 17-inch MacBook Pro to its list of obsolete products come 30th of June. For those who are wondering about Apple’s definition of obsolete products, it basically indicates products that were discontinued more than 7 years ago. It also means that hardware service will no longer be available for these products as well. “Apple has discontinued all hardware service for obsolete products with no exceptions. Service providers cannot order parts for obsolete products.” We suppose that it’s time would have eventually come, so it was really a question of when, and less of “if”. We’re not sure if Apple will ever return to the 17-inch form factor but based on the current trends, you probably shouldn’t hold your breath. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-05-21 Apple Ends 2011 MacBook Pro Graphics Repair Program 2017-05-16 New MacBook, MacBook Pro Upgrades Planned For WWDC 2017-04-21 Refurbished 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available 2017-04-13 MacBook Pro Owners Reporting ‘Popping’ Sounds 2017-04-11 Evernote Updated With Support For MacBook Pro Touch Bar Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lau Associates LLC Buys 522 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. Teachers Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Lindsay Co. (LNN) Teachers Advisors LLC Sells 134,338 Shares of Noble Co. (NE) CVR Energy, Inc. (CVI) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 6,250 Shares of Lakeland Financial Co. (LKFN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Buys New Position in National Storage Affiliates Trust (NSA) Wabash National Co. (WNC) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 2,600 Shares of Performance Food Group Co (PFGC) VOXX International Corp (VOXX) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research VEON Ltd (VEON) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Buy Rating for Morgan Stanley (MS) Apptio Inc (APTI) Stake Held by Morgan Stanley Finish Line Inc (FINL) Stake Owned by Sports Direct International Plc Avenir Corp Buys Shares of 63,546 FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Honda Motor Co Ltd (HMC) Shares Bought by Noesis Capital Mangement Corp Pacira Pharmaceuticals Inc (PCRX) Position Held by Avenir Corp Avenir Corp Has $161,000 Stake in Teekay Co. (TK) Noesis Capital Mangement Corp Has $271,000 Stake in NetScout Systems, Inc. (NTCT) Lau Associates LLC Buys 522 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) May 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Lau Associates LLC boosted its position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 0.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 55,952 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after buying an additional 522 shares during the period. Apple comprises about 7.2% of Lau Associates LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its largest position. Lau Associates LLC’s holdings in Apple were worth $8,038,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bailard Inc. increased its position in Apple by 23.2% in the third quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 181,502 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $20,519,000 after buying an additional 34,162 shares in the last quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. increased its position in Apple by 25.9% in the fourth quarter. Stanford Investment Group Inc. now owns 98,014 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $11,352,000 after buying an additional 20,176 shares in the last quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC increased its position in Apple by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Fairview Capital Investment Management LLC now owns 13,481 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,561,000 after buying an additional 350 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $5,625,709,000. Finally, IFM Investors Pty Ltd purchased a new position in Apple during the fourth quarter worth about $7,910,000. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 153.61 on Monday. Apple Inc. has a 52 week low of $91.50 and a 52 week high of $156.65. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $147.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $130.91. The stock has a market cap of $800.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.02 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a return on equity of 34.94% and a net margin of 20.73%. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.93 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th were paid a $0.63 dividend. This is an increase from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.64%. Apple’s payout ratio is presently 27.31%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/29/lau-associates-llc-buys-522-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl.html. AAPL has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. UBS Group AG lifted their price objective on shares of Apple from $165.00 to $200.00 in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price target (up from $155.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Friday, May 12th. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $155.00 price target (up from $135.00) on shares of Apple in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Mizuho reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $150.00 price target on shares of Apple in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $170.00 price target on shares of Apple and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, forty-two have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Apple currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $158.55. In other Apple news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of Apple stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 154,116 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Craig Federighi sold 64,500 shares of Apple stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $153.62, for a total value of $9,908,490.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 447,151 shares in the company, valued at approximately $68,691,336.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 420,686 shares of company stock worth $63,066,393. Corporate insiders own 0.08% of the company’s stock. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AAPL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 30, 2:19 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Siri Flaw Leaves Your iPhone Accessible To Anyone, Mobile Data Can Be Turned Off By Rishabh Jain On 05/29/17 AT 4:52 AM Close Apple’s voice assistant, Siri, lets other people access your iPhone, surpass the passcode protection and turn off cellular data, a user said Friday. iPhone users can access Siri from their lockscreen and with the voice assistant embedded into many apps and services on the phone, this relatively minor bug might be an indication of bigger vulnerabilities. The user, Anton31Kah, stated Siri can be manipulated into turning off cellular data by simply asking it about the current status of cellular data on the smartphone, upon which the voice assistant will not only tell the user whether the data is currently on or not, but also prompt the user by asking “let me know if you want it turned on/off.” Read: Google Assistant To Overtake Apple's Siri, Samsung's Bixby, With Over 1 Billion Installations By 2021: Survey This basically lets any user switch mobile data on your iPhone on or off, which is against general smartphone security protocols. Due to the fact access to the iPhone, however minor, is being provided to a third person without the owner's permission who had already protected the device with a security cover like as a passcode. This is a loophole in Siri’s functioning due to the fact had the user directly asked Siri to turn the data on or off, he/she would need to put in the passcode first.    Whether the bug could have any malicious impact on your iPhone is yet to be assessed. It does bring forth an interesting question though — are voice assistants making our devices less safe? More and more devices now come with artificial intelligence (AI) based voice assistants. These assistants have deep penetration within the operating system, from your contact list to your financial details. While regular smartphone access goes through many security protocols, starting with the user granting an app the permission to access the device, with permission being retracted easily. There are also passcodes, fingerprint scanners and even facial recognition in smartphones such as the Samsung Galaxy S8. With the use of voice assistants, all such protocols are not easy to implement.   While many tech companies are trying to make functionality simple enough for users to do even complex tasks via simple voice commands such as making payments via Samsung Pay, the convenience might expose users to the risk of not just losing their private information but general misuse. Read: Apple Siri 2.0 Might Have Machine Learning, Improved AI, Facial Recognition And More Furthermore, a growing number of companies are opting for AI based assistants — even Apple is expected to bring out a new version of Siri at the World Wide Developers Conference next month. These assistants evolve according to usage and have the ability to perform complex tasks such as such sending out emails. Until and unless, there is a security assessment done on the voice assistants, security protocols put in place and explained to consumers, they will stand the risk of losing important data. The Siri flaw is just a minor indication of a larger issue tech companies are yet to address.   Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories 6 Times A Commercial Or TV Show Set Off A Google, Siri, Echo Will Siri Speaker Have Display Screen? Recommended Business Why The Price Of Oil Is Falling Crude oil's rally came to an end this week on fears that too much oil will continue to be a problem. Technology What Happens When You Vomit After Drinking Nearly everyone has prayed to the porcelain gods after a long, alcohol-fueled night. World Great Barrier Reef Bleaching For Second Consecutive Year Along with rising ocean temperatures, the corals were also impacted by a tropical cyclone, predator crown-of-thorns fish, disease and poor water quality. National Illinois House Approves Gun Crime Bill The Black Caucus and some Democratic lawmakers said there was no evidence to show the measure would reduce violence, but it would lead to more African-Americas and Hispanics being arrested. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 3:36 PM Apple opens first official store in SE Asia Employees (bottom) welcoming visitors at the Apple Store in the Orchard shopping district on its opening day in Singapore. Hundreds of people waited outside Apple's first store in South-East Asia in Singapore, which opened on May 27. — AFP Apple opened its first South-East Asia store in Singapore on May 27, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district.  Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop – easily distinguished by its iconic glass façade – is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant.  Computers on display inside the new Apple Store on its opening day in Singapore. — AFP Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions.  Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed.  First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. The first in line was Xiang, who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specifically to coincide with the opening. — AFP "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP.  Apple, which has a staggering US$256.8bil (RM1.09tril) cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets.  Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. — AFP The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan.  A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested China’s slam dunk ‘sharing economy’ booms, but can it last? Japan to finalise strategy for drones, self-driving trucks on June 9 Major US tech firms press Congress for Internet surveillance reforms UK says making progress with tech companies on getting encrypted militant messages 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read More US tourists coming to our shores soon Wheelchairs a much-needed gift Raya gem collection inspired by Islamic art advertisement Latest News UK looking to increase pressure on Internet firms over extremist material EU agrees to fund free WiFi for European towns with no Internet coverage Western Digital may join Japan–KKR group for Toshiba chip unit bid UK says making progress with tech companies on getting encrypted militant messages Google’s AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No 1 Most Viewed in Tech iPhone 8 testing allegedly going badly: reports Video leak shows bezel-less 6.3in Galaxy Note 8 screen Google’s AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No 1 Western Digital may join Japan-KKR group for Toshiba chip unit bid Peer-to-peer payment apps grow – no cash, no check US decision on expanded laptop ban not imminent: Homeland Security Moto G5 Plus available for pre-order Spotify agrees to fund to settle copyright suits UK says making progress with tech companies on getting encrypted militant messages China’s slam dunk ‘sharing economy’ booms, but can it last? Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 3:38 PM Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices An AI-enabled processor would help Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality. — Bloomberg Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands.  Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips.  Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence – such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment.  Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants.  An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world.  “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.”  Improved performance  Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance.  Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016.  That chip worked in Google’s datacentres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers.  The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year.  Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said.  Developer conference  Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp.  An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops.  In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg  Related Stories You May Be Interested Watching technology reach tipping points BA must now repair damaged reputation Spotify agrees to fund to settle copyright suits Facebook quietly adds piracy devices to list of banned sale items 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Break fast Yemeni-style South Korea's Jeju Air says China approves flights in sign of easing tension Court allows suit challenging DBKL parking appointment advertisement Latest News UK looking to increase pressure on Internet firms over extremist material EU agrees to fund free WiFi for European towns with no Internet coverage Western Digital may join Japan–KKR group for Toshiba chip unit bid UK says making progress with tech companies on getting encrypted militant messages Google’s AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No 1 Most Viewed in Tech iPhone 8 testing allegedly going badly: reports Video leak shows bezel-less 6.3in Galaxy Note 8 screen Google’s AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No 1 Western Digital may join Japan-KKR group for Toshiba chip unit bid Peer-to-peer payment apps grow – no cash, no check US decision on expanded laptop ban not imminent: Homeland Security Moto G5 Plus available for pre-order Spotify agrees to fund to settle copyright suits UK says making progress with tech companies on getting encrypted militant messages China’s slam dunk ‘sharing economy’ booms, but can it last? Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, May 30, 2017 As of 4:40 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2017 News: G4 Powerbook retirement amplifies coming of upgraded Apple notebook By Ryan Patrick on May 29 2017 6:12 PM 0 0 0 0 New 15-inch MacBook Pro 2016 - Concept design by Martin Hajek (macOS by Andrew Ambrosino) Martin Hajek Apple routinely cuts support for certain products, and there are a couple of devices getting the axe this June. The G4 Powerbook leads the list. It is a 17-inch MacBook Pro that came out in 2009.  The list of vintage and obsolete products were first reported by 9 to 5 Mac. The lineup involves a mix of Mac notebooks, Mac desktops and peripherals. The devices will be made obsolete in most areas of the world except California and Turkey. The iPhone 3GS will no longer be supported, though it should not come as a surprise since only a handful still use that model.  For MacBook users, the changes through the years have obviously displaced the old Apple notebook. The latest ones out in the market come armed with powerful specs, so one can imagine how the early G4 Powerbooks would perform with the latest advancements in technology.  For those unfamiliar with the G4 Powerbook, the MacBook sported a 17-inch display and a 1 GHz G4 processor with a 167 MHz bus. Backing these up were 512 MB RAM and 60 GB of hard disk space. It originally shipped with OS X 10.2.4 and was originally priced at US$3,299 (AU$4,435). There were plenty of 17-inch MacBook variants that came out, each carrying processor, RAM or hard drive upgrades. The last batch shipped in 2011, and the Cupertino company has since ramped up the specs to appease the power-hungry Mac users.  There is no official number to show how many are still using the old Apple laptops, though support was meant to end soon. Apple does obsolete legacy devices, normally done when new devices or products are expected to take their place. Hence, the buzz on an upgraded MacBook Pro 2017 is expected to get louder.  As mentioned in a previous post, an upgraded MacBook Pro is expected at the WWDC 2017. The key change to expect is an Intel Kaby Lake chipset, the processor most had wanted to see on the MacBook Pro 2016.  The suggested release of the MacBook Pro 2017 has received mixed reactions, with some questioning if the change of release schedule would affect the Apple cycle moving forward. The same holds true for early-bird MacBook Pro 2016 buyers, most of them frowning at the specs. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related MacBook Pro 2016 buyers may curse Apple with immediate update to famed laptop New MacBook Pro and MacBook Air among devices expected at WWDC 2017 Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Aussies paying $31 billion in superannuation per year 0 Shares 2 'Designated Survivor' season 2 cast update: Kiefer Sutherland snapped in totally un-Kirkman-like behaviour at a bar; pursues music career during season break 0 Shares 3 'General Hospital' spoilers for May 24: Sonny confides in Dante; Valentin rebuffs Anna; Charlotte gets in harm’s way 0 Shares 4 Great Barrier Reef coral bleaching still threatening 0 Shares 5 'Outlander' season 3: Jungle shoot begins 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New picture of Sam Heughan on ship 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ stars Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe share new pictures 0 Shares 8 Rafael Nadal odds-on favourite to win 2017 French Open 0 Shares 9 Florianna Lima will make as-needed appearances next season on 'Supergirl' 0 Shares 10 Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Topshop Australia enters voluntary administration; Sir Philip Green's Arcadia takes over Aussie CeBIT starts; highlights cyber security, big data, FinTech, digital health and more Aussies can save $3,184 per year by borrowing money online: Mozo Xinja emerges as potential startup bank after federal budget reforms Uber to hike fares and add booking fee in Australian cities from June ACCC allows providers to pass on internet tax to consumers More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic advance to second round Golden State Warriors set to extend Jerry West's contract Australian players could boycott 2017 Rugby League World Cup Tennis official slams Roger Federer: 'We can't count on him anymore' 2017 NBA Finals: Steve Kerr not ready to coach Warriors Tiger Woods refused breathalyser test before DUI arrest More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Pippa Middleton weds: All the pictures from the ‘wedding of the year’ Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design ‘Lucifer’ season 2 episode 18 preview: Missing family members ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 trailer breakdown ‘Outlander’ season 3: Reunion will result in ‘intense’ love scene 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 6 'Customer Service' spoilers 'Arrow' star John Barrowman confirms that he won't be back as Malcolm Merlyn ‘Poldark’ season 3: First scene details More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Search for: Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Home Android LG G6 vs iPhone 7 Plus Camera Comparison Delivers Surprising Results LG G6 vs iPhone 7 Plus Camera Comparison Delivers Surprising Results By Josh Smith Posted on 03/03/2017 The LG G6 and the iPhone 7 Plus offer two of the best smartphone cameras on the market. Both phones offer a dual camera design that delivers more options than you are used to on older phones. With two cameras you can zoom in closer, take wider photos and open up more creative options. The iPhone 7 Plus is available now and the LG G6 is coming in April, but we have an early look unit in our hands that we’ve been using for the last week. LG delivers a phone that is more than just cameras, with an impressive 18:9 screen with rounded corners in an impressively small body that is easy to use with one hand. How the LG G6 and iPhone 7 Plus cameras compare. Apple includes two 12MP cameras on the back of the iPhone 7 Plus and one 7MP camera on the front. The LG G6 includes two 13MP cameras on the back and a 5MP camera on the front. In typical Apple fashion, the iPhone 7 Plus camera app is very minimalistic. You can choose from a variety of modes including Square and a very impressive Portrait mode that blurs the background of your subject. There are other options including Panorama and multiple video options but your controls are fairly limited. The iPhone 7 Plus camera covers the basics but lacks more advanced controls. The LG G6 camera app offers a wide range of options. There is no portrait mode, but the rear camera can capture a much wider field of view so it’s possible to take in a wide expanse or add more to your scene. There are a number of modes including panorama and a 360 panorama. Like Apple, there are slow motion and time lapse video modes. With the LG G6, you can choose to enter manual camera modes for photos and for videos that allows you to control the white balance, focus mode, ISO, shutter speed and other options for greater control. LG also includes a square camera mode that allows you to see a square photo, for Instagram, while you take the photo. When you press the shutter you see the photo you took on the bottom of the screen and your viewfinder is still at the top so you can take another photo right away. The iPhone Square option doesn’t show you the photo you took in this same way. The LG G6 offers more manual controls than the iPhone 7 Plus. The front facing camera on the LG G6 also offers a range of options. You can choose a wide angle shot to include more people or a narrower option to put the focus on you. Both the LG G6 and iPhone 7 Plus include a selfie flash option. The iPhone 7 Plus screen flashes brightly when you press the shutter, while the LG G6 screen includes a light box around the edges so you can see what you will look like. The LG G6 also includes some photo enhancement options to make your skin look better and filters that change the tone of the photo. LG G6 Wide Selfie LG G6 Normal Selfie iPhone 7 Plus Selfie iPhone 7 Plus Portrait Mode. iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample LG G6 Wide Photo Sample LG G6 normal Photo iPhone 7 Plus Normal Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Zoom Photo Sample LG G6 Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample LG G6 Wide Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample LG G6 Photo Sample iPhone 7 Plus Photo Sample While both phones use a dual camera system, the uses are different. Apple designed the phone with a focus on zooming in, giving users a 2X optical zoom. LG focused on delivering a wider view, which allows you to get more in the picture. Haveing used both, the LG G6 camera and the iPhone 7 Plus camera there is a time and place for both a zoom and a wide field of view. I’ve definitely used the iPhone 7 Plus 2x zoom significantly over the last six months, but when walking around the city I definitely love the wide angle that the LG G6 delivers without the need for any external lenses or accessories. The iPhone 7 Plus is an amazing phone and it’s still a daily carry device, but the LG G6 camera outshines Apple’s flagship. 7 LG G6 Features You’ll Love and 2 You’ll Hate Amazing Display   1 / 9  The LG G6 display is absolutely beautiful. The display uses an 18:9 ratio to deliver more usable space in a smaller package and LG chose round corners to make the screen less likely to break when you drop it.  That's not all. The display supports DolbyVision HDR, which means you'll see amazing colors and incredible detail when you stream supported shows and movies on Netflix and Amazon Prime.  LG packs in a 5.61-inch display that the company says is closer to a 5.7-inch display due to the rounded corners. The screen supports QHD+ resolution and looks stunning.  The LG G6 is a cinema worthy display that fits in your pocket. This display puts your TV to shame.    1 / 9 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Share on Linkedin More In Android New Pokemon Go Cheaters’ Punishment is Worse Than a Ban Pokémon Go cheaters now face a punishment worse than a ban. The new May Pokémon Go update … 05/26/2017 3 min read The Galaxy S8 Can’t Compete with Secret New Android Phone Back in March, we learned the co-founder of Android, Andy Rubin, was working on a stunning… 05/26/2017 4 min read Samsung Galaxy Android Nougat Update Info (2017) The Samsung Galaxy Android Nougat update is rolling out in force and today we want to take… 05/24/2017 47 min read Load More In Android 1 Comment One Comment Jaxon 05/29/2017 at 12:30 am Does your site have a contact page? I’m having a tough time locatijg it but, I’d like to hoot you aan email. I’ve got some sggestions for your blg you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great site annd I lpok forward to seeing it improve over time. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Follow GottaBeMobile Best Call of Duty WWII Deals 8 Best Galaxy S8 Screen Protectors 100 Best Android Apps for 2017 5 Best iPhone 7 Camera Lenses and Add-ons 16 Best LG G6 Cases 5 Best Apple Watch Alternatives 5 Best Chromebooks for 2017 7 Best Online Tech Learning Apps and Sites Best New 9.7-inch iPad Cases 28 Best iPhone 7 Cases Best iPhone 7 Skins 15 Best Offline Android Games 15 Best 2016 MacBook Pro Accessories Best Bluetooth Game Controllers for Android Best Fighting Games for Android (2017) 5 Best iPad Alternatives Running Windows Best Galaxy S7 Clear Cases 5 Best Alarm Clock iPhone Apps Best Password Managers for Android Best Action Games for Android (2017) © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved, SXL Media, Inc.
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Martedì 30 Maggio 2017 - Ore 09:08 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 29/05/2017 07:02 caldissime Privacy online, lettera degli editori italiani ed europei al Parlamento e Consiglio Ue Gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti Si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy. In particolare, gli editori europei giudicano negative le ricadute della proposta sul settore quando prevede che l’utente digitale potrà acconsentire o meno al trattamento dei suoi dati, sbarrando o meno una casella al momento d’installare il browser sul suo computer. Gli editori rischiano infatti di essere penalizzati, in caso di mancato assenso, perché non potranno più profilare gusti, abitudini e comportamenti dei loro lettori online. Blocco che, a sua volta, ostacola sia la creazione di contenuti giornalistici maggiormente vicini ai gusti del lettorato sia la capacità di offrire solamente pubblicità pertinente alle esigenze degli utenti. Non solo, c’è anche un’altra conseguenza negativa a detta di Enpa ed Emma (la cui lettera aperta viene pubblicata oggi, qui di seguito, da MilanoFinanza.it in contemporanea con gli altri giornali): la proposta di regolamento può favorire indirettamente i big della rete tra cui Facebook, Google News, Yahoo, Apple News, Msn e Amazon Alexa. Questi ultimi chiedono ai loro utenti di fare log-in se vogliono entrare nelle loro piattaforme, registrandosi con tanto di riferimenti personali, e quindi hanno una seconda occasione per domandare agli utenti il permesso di acquisire i loro dati. Passaggio che invece non esiste di norma per leggere le notizie su quotidiani e periodici, in capo ai quali e ai loro editori continuerebbe a valere il blocco posto dall’utente al momento dell’installazione del browser. Infine, sempre secondo il giudizio degli editori, la proposta di regolamento mal si concilia con la General data protection regulation (Gdpr, Regolamento generale protezione dati), al quale bisognerà adeguarsi tra un anno e che punta proprio a uniformare tutta la normativa comunitaria in materia di privacy. Ecco il testo della lettera aperta: Open letter to the European Parliament/Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3 rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3 rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the “ePrivacy” proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that “ half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18–24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news – more than television (24%) for the first time.” As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the “growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals.” [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   Microsoft and Mozilla   that   Japan and South Korea   European Commission   European Parliament   Google and Facebook Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 30 maggio 30/05/2017 2. FT: Intesa mette al centro la banca dei tabaccai 29/05/2017 3. Unicredit: ceduto il supporto a 16,50-16,40 euro 29/05/2017 4. Prevista apertura debole per Piazza Affari 30/05/2017 5. Piazza Affari pecora nera, deboli i bancari 29/05/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. Unicredit: forzata anche la soglia psicologica dei 16 euro 05/05/2017 2. Unicredit: fondamentale la tenuta di 15-14,95 euro 03/05/2017 3. Unicredit: ricoperto il primo gap a 16,15 euro 18/05/2017 4. Dax future: una brusca e improvvisa correzione 18/05/2017 5. Dax future: resistenza di breve a 12.850 punti 17/05/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: la pressione ribassista è aumentata 30/05/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 9 maggio 09/05/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 8 maggio 08/05/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 24 maggio 24/05/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 29 maggio 29/05/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Martedì 30 Maggio 2017 - Ore 09:08 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 29/05/2017 07:02 caldissime Privacy online, lettera degli editori italiani ed europei al Parlamento e Consiglio Ue Gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti Si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy. In particolare, gli editori europei giudicano negative le ricadute della proposta sul settore quando prevede che l’utente digitale potrà acconsentire o meno al trattamento dei suoi dati, sbarrando o meno una casella al momento d’installare il browser sul suo computer. Gli editori rischiano infatti di essere penalizzati, in caso di mancato assenso, perché non potranno più profilare gusti, abitudini e comportamenti dei loro lettori online. Blocco che, a sua volta, ostacola sia la creazione di contenuti giornalistici maggiormente vicini ai gusti del lettorato sia la capacità di offrire solamente pubblicità pertinente alle esigenze degli utenti. Non solo, c’è anche un’altra conseguenza negativa a detta di Enpa ed Emma (la cui lettera aperta viene pubblicata oggi, qui di seguito, da MilanoFinanza.it in contemporanea con gli altri giornali): la proposta di regolamento può favorire indirettamente i big della rete tra cui Facebook, Google News, Yahoo, Apple News, Msn e Amazon Alexa. Questi ultimi chiedono ai loro utenti di fare log-in se vogliono entrare nelle loro piattaforme, registrandosi con tanto di riferimenti personali, e quindi hanno una seconda occasione per domandare agli utenti il permesso di acquisire i loro dati. Passaggio che invece non esiste di norma per leggere le notizie su quotidiani e periodici, in capo ai quali e ai loro editori continuerebbe a valere il blocco posto dall’utente al momento dell’installazione del browser. Infine, sempre secondo il giudizio degli editori, la proposta di regolamento mal si concilia con la General data protection regulation (Gdpr, Regolamento generale protezione dati), al quale bisognerà adeguarsi tra un anno e che punta proprio a uniformare tutta la normativa comunitaria in materia di privacy. Ecco il testo della lettera aperta: Open letter to the European Parliament/Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3 rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3 rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the “ePrivacy” proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that “ half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18–24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news – more than television (24%) for the first time.” As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the “growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals.” [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   Google and Facebook   Japan and South Korea   European Commission   European Parliament   Microsoft and Mozilla   that Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 30 maggio 30/05/2017 2. FT: Intesa mette al centro la banca dei tabaccai 29/05/2017 3. Unicredit: ceduto il supporto a 16,50-16,40 euro 29/05/2017 4. Prevista apertura debole per Piazza Affari 30/05/2017 5. Piazza Affari pecora nera, deboli i bancari 29/05/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. Unicredit: forzata anche la soglia psicologica dei 16 euro 05/05/2017 2. Unicredit: fondamentale la tenuta di 15-14,95 euro 03/05/2017 3. Unicredit: ricoperto il primo gap a 16,15 euro 18/05/2017 4. Dax future: una brusca e improvvisa correzione 18/05/2017 5. Dax future: resistenza di breve a 12.850 punti 17/05/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: la pressione ribassista è aumentata 30/05/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 9 maggio 09/05/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 8 maggio 08/05/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 24 maggio 24/05/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 29 maggio 29/05/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Investment * Stock * Equity * More Tags... Industry News * Investment * More Industries... News By Location * Zurich   Zurich   Switzerland * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 30 29 28 27 26 25 24 Apple Valuation from Eduard Steinbach Plc. Analyst Alec Morgan Eduard Steinbach Plc. analyst Alec Morgan made the prediction as he raised the stock's target price to US$168 from US$157 and reiterated an 'outperform' rating.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Investment * Stock * Equity Industry: * Investment Location: * Zurich - Zurich - SwitzerlandZURICH, Switzerland - May 29, 2017 - PRLog -- Apple has received several target price hikes from analysts recently Apple Inc. (AAPL) could see its market valuation top US$1trn within the next 12 to 18 months, boosted by the launch of the iPhone 8 later this year. Eduard Steinbach Plc. analyst Alec Morgan made the prediction as he raised the stock's target price to US$168 from US$157 and reiterated an 'outperform' rating. Revenue and margins have potential to grow.. Morgan said revenue and margins have the potential to grow as the launch of the premium-priced iPhone 8 later this year will boost average selling prices. The pricier iPhones, including a 128 gigabyte model for at US$999 and a 256 gigabyte model for US$1,099, are expected to be released in September. Morgan also said Apple's plans for US$35bn worth of share buybacks per year through fiscal year 2019 could reduce the share count by 400 million to 500 million shares, lifting earnings per share by US$1.30 to US$1.35. Apple's share count reduction could accelerate if it goes ahead with plans to repatriate profits held overseas, Morgan added. The company holds more than US$200bn offshore and plans to bring home much of the pile this year. The decision comes after US President Donald Trump vowed to offer US firms a one-off tax holiday if they return offshore cash to American soil. Not the first on market cap rise.. Morgan for Steinbach is not the first to say that Apple's market capitalisation could reach US$1trn. Drexel Hamilton was the first to suggest the milestone was achievable when it raised target price to US$202 a share from US$185. Apple became the first company to see its market capitalisation surpass US$800bn on 8 May after Drexel's remarks. Apple's market capitalisation is at US$806bn today. Goldman Sachs also lifted its target price to US$170 from US$164bn and reiterated a 'buy' rating on the stock earlier this month, saying it expects Apple's premium iPhones will lift average selling prices. For further information go to http://www.eduardsteinbach.com Contact Roger Williams ***@eduardsteinbach.com End Source : Eduard Steinbach Plc. Email : ***@eduardsteinbach.com Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Eduard Steinbach Plc. News Eduard Steinbach Plc. gives The Coca Cola "Buy" Rating Boeing Co Receives Hold Rating from Eduard Steinbach Plc Apple set to be worth $1 trillion in a year Weekly News UPSL National Player Of The Week: Magic Valley FC's Marlon Diaz - 1011 views BlogPaws Announces 2017 Pet Blogging and Social Media Award Winners - 933 views Strategic Micro Systems and Datto partner with New Country Competizione & the North American Ferrari Challenge Series - 928 views Lennar Bringing New Homes to Battle Ground This Summer - 700 views Lineus Medical CEO Named to Fast 15 - 474 views Most Viewed Monthly Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 8816 views 66 Brilliant Women in Creative Technology - 4423 views Serial Entrepreneur Jason Sherman Creates Startup Essentials Udemy Course - 3006 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2017 Talent Acquisition Leader of the Year Awards - 2862 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 2129 views Weekly News UPSL National Player Of The Week: Magic Valley FC's Marlon Diaz - 1011 views BlogPaws Announces 2017 Pet Blogging and Social Media Award Winners - 933 views Strategic Micro Systems and Datto partner with New Country Competizione & the North American Ferrari Challenge Series - 928 views Lennar Bringing New Homes to Battle Ground This Summer - 700 views Lineus Medical CEO Named to Fast 15 - 474 views Most Viewed Monthly Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 8816 views 66 Brilliant Women in Creative Technology - 4423 views Serial Entrepreneur Jason Sherman Creates Startup Essentials Udemy Course - 3006 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2017 Talent Acquisition Leader of the Year Awards - 2862 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 2129 views PTC News Lennar Bringing New Homes to Battle Ground This Summer - 700 views Final Few Homes Remain at Lennar's Rowland at Beacon Park - 323 views Lennar's Tribeca at Central Park West Launches Pre-Sales - 305 views Clark, Ortiz, Cook, Molina Head Artist Alley At Wizard World Comic Con Sacramento, June 16-18 - 244 views Wizard World Hall of Legends To Honor Comic Arts Legacy - 143 views May 29, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1490 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Ban on sale of cattle at markets for slaughter: Citing federalism, West Bengal, Kerala object to Centre’s order The New Hardline in The Valley Part 2: North Kashmir is home to foreign militants, witness to deadly strikes Punjab to probe mine auction, son of minister’s friend says he put in money Drop names of my officers from FIR: NHAI chief to Uttarakhand Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Flipkart Summer Shopping Days: Samsung J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s and other discounts Flipkart Summer Shopping Days: Samsung J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s and other discounts Flipkart Summer Shopping Days sale starts today, and here are deals on Samsung J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone SE and more By: Tech Desk | Updated: May 29, 2017 10:42 am Flipkart Summer Shopping Days are here: Here’s a quick look at the top offers on Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro, Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 7, Lenovo K6 Power and more. Flipkart Summer Shopping Days sale will take place from May 29 to May 31, and there are some deals on smartphones, as well as the Apple iPad, which users can consider. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro is being launched on Flipkart just as the ‘Summer Shopping Days’ begin, and looks like this phone will carry a special price tag of Rs 7,990. Here’s a quick look at the top Flipkart ‘Summer Shopping Days’ deals. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro with 16 GB storage and 2 GB RAM is launching on Flipkart and the price is Rs 7,990. The original price of the phone is Rs 8,490. Flipkart is also offering up to Rs 7,500 off if a customer exchanges an older working smartphone for this. Additionally Axis Bank Buzz Credit Card users will get 5 per cent off on the price. The Galaxy J3 Pro will be delivered by June 1, says the website. Samsung’s J3 Pro sports a 5-inch HD display, 2 GB RAM + 16 GB ROM, which is expandable up to 128 GB. The rear camera is 8MP, while the front camera is 5MP and the phone has a 2600 mAh battery. Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro launches on Flipkart as part of the Summer Shopping Days. Samsung Galaxy On Nxt Samsung Galaxy On Nxt is also part of this sale, and this phone comes with 64GB storage, with Flipkart offering Rs 3,000 off on the price of Rs 17,900. This effectively puts the price of the Galaxy On Nxt at Rs 14,900, though if a user can exchange this for an older device, they get nearly Rs 14,000 off. The final exchange price will depend on the kind of smartphone one is trading in for the Galaxy On Nxt. Specifications of the Galaxy On Nxt include 5.5 inch Full HD Display, Exynos 7870 processor, 3 GB RAM coupled with 64 GB on board storage, and a total of 256 GB expandable storage support. The rear camera is 13MP, while the front camera is 8MP. The battery is 3300 mAh Li-Ion. Lenovo K6 Power Lenovo K6 Power is priced at Rs 8,999 for this sale, which is a 10 per cent discount on the original MRP of Rs 9,999. Flipkart is also offering a maximum of Rs 8,500 off on Exchange. Lenovo K6 Power is the bigger battery smartphone from the company, and sports a 4000 mAh capacity battery, which can last more than a day. It has a Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, 3GB RAM + 32GB ROM, and the expandable storage support is 128GB, along with a 5-inch full HD display. The rear camera is 13MP while the front camera is 8MP. Lenovo K6 Power also gets a discount of 10 per cent on Flipkart Summer Shopping Days. Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Lenovo’s Vibe K5 Note with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage is available at Rs 10,499 in the sale. Users can get up to Rs 9,500 off on exchange with these phone. Other specifications of the Lenovo Vibe K5 Note include 5.5 inch Full HD Display, Helio P10 processor, 13MP rear camera+ 8MP front camera and a 3500 mAh battery. Apple iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone SE, iPhone 7  discounts  For those who’ve been wanting to buy the big-screened iPhone 6s Plus, Flipkart has it on offer for under Rs 40,000. Apple iPhone 6s with 32 GB storage space is available at Rs 39,999 on Flipkart, down from the original price of Rs 56,999 with another Rs 15,000 off if one has a good device for exchange. Apple iPhone 6s is available for Rs 36,999 for the 32GB version, while the Apple iPhone SE is available for Rs 21,999. This is for the 32GB version of the phone. Apple iPhone 6s has a discount as part of Flipkart’s sale, and one can get it for Rs 36,999. Apple iPhone 7’s discounts are also still on; the 32GB version starts at Rs 45,999, while the 128GB version is priced at Rs 54,499. The iPhone 7 Plus is starting at Rs 58,399 at a slightly discounted price. Apple iPad Apple iPad with 32GB storage, the 9.7 inch display is available at Rs 24,900 for those who are interested. This is down from the original price of Rs 28,900. However this version of the Apple iPad is Wi-Fi only with no LTE support Apple iPad with 32 GB storage space, 9.7 inch display and Wi-Fi and 4G will cost Rs 35,900 during the sale. This is a 10 per cent discount on the original price of Rs 39,900. Flipkart is also offering Rs 1000 off on new Apple iPads. The 128GB version of the iPad with WiFi and 4G will cost Rs 43,900, which is an 8 per cent discount on the original price of Rs 47,900. For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Flipkart Lenovo Samsung No Comments. Most Read GSEB SSC 10th results 2017 declared at gseb.org, know how to check results ICSE 10th result 2017 declared on cisce.org: Pass percentage is 98.52 GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks WATCH: Baby starts walking immediately after being born; video has over 1 million shares already Best of Express Babri Masjid demolition case: BJP's LK Advani, MM Joshi leave for Lucknow to appear before special CBI court today Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Southwest Monsoon reaches Kerala, North East OpinionNotion that India has peaked in manufacturing & IT, employment is at best premature, at worst, dishonest OpinionTriple talaq debate shows how Muslim women are challenging patriarchy Buzzing Now EntertainmentHindi Medium vs Half Girlfriend box office collection day 11: Irrfan Khan film is sleeper hit of the year, earns Rs 39.55 cr EntertainmentSara Ali Khan works out with Kareena Kapoor's bestie Malaika Arora. See videos and photos of her hard work EntertainmentKatrina Kaif is insanely fit and insanely happy. See this video, photo to believe Trending'Resting Pope Face': Pope Francis' gloomy pose with Trudeau after Trump has Twitterati in splits TrendingVirender Sehwag asks 'What do you connect most with?'; gets fascinating replies on Twitter Top News WBCHSE HS Results 2017 declared: Archisman Panigrihi tops this year, 84.20% students clear IAS officer drowns in swimming pool in Delhi’s Ber Sarai Poser to arbitrator: How can you also be chief of anti-corruption watchdog? Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora SportsWherever they fly, the Indian flag follows SportsYFI recommends Dera chief for Dronacharya Award LifestyleGoodbye, dream home: The struggles of a homebuyer in Delhi-NCR LifestyleShades of Black TechnologyXiaomi Redmi 4 sale today: Comparison against Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5, and more TechnologyOnePlus 5 official camera samples revealed on Twitter; launch imminent May 30: Latest News Sharjeel Khan did not play the two dot balls on purpose: Mohammad Yousuf on PSL spot fixing case Jr NTR to host Bigg Boss in Telugu, replaces Chiranjeevi as the highest paid star on TV Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Naxals set ablaze bus in Chhattisgarh’s Narayanpur                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues What’s happening with HomeKit? Anthony Caruana 29 May, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News This editorial was first published in our weekly newsletter. Subscribe to get Mac and Apple news delivered to your inbox each week. Home automation has been one of those tech promises that has never quite been fulfilled. Apple championed the cause through its HomeKit platform, but there haven’t been too many companies that have jumped on the platform in a big way. I’ve been using some Belkin WeMo gear at my home, but it uses its own communications and control standards that don’t work with HomeKit. Although there is now available a new bridge device that allows WeMo devices to play with HomeKit. There are other HomeKit devices, but I really haven’t seen a lot of market or customer enthusiasm for home automation. Some vendors, such as Elgato and Philips, have embraced it and I recently reviewed the Schlage Sense door lock. Being able to remotely control devices is nifty, but I’m looking for the ability for devices to work together. For example, when I unlock the door, the lights come on automatically (but only when it’s dark) and the heater or air-conditioning are turned on when I’m on my way home, when the weather is too cold or hot. HomeKit’s promise is the ability, not to just control, but to integrate devices so they work together. I’m curious – are you interested in home automation? Is it something you’d like to know more about? Is it something you’re doing? Let me know in the comments below. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts AltWWDC offers free alternative to Apple’s developer conference Google drops Windows for Mac (and Linux) Apple unveils new retail efforts New MacBook Pros reveal quality concerns Switcher Sensei: A knowledge of font Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Are Apple and Microsoft ‘Trading Places’? This editorial was first published in our weekly newsletter. Subscribe to get Mac and Apple news delivered to your inbox each week. Fans of movies from... Should Apple make a budget iPhone? At the start of last week, Nokia announced that they will be resurrecting one of their most popular phones ever – the 3310. (I know that what has... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide House Of Marley - Smile Jamaica BT In-Ear Headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Display, Touch ID, Apple Neural Engine By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 29, 2017 12:38 PM Every day, fans and consumers alike are getting nearer and nearer to getting their hands on the iPhone 8. Rumors are still abound the the tenth anniversary iPhone will be unveiled sometime in September amidst numerous delays. In the previous week, fans have seen quite a number of reinforcing reports about the alleged features of the phone. Starting off with the highly controversial Touch ID sensor. Touch ID to be embedded under OLED display Perhaps one of the most talked about feature of the iPhone 8 of late is the Touch ID sensor. There have been numerous reports in the past suggesting the said feature will be mounted on the rear of the device. There were even some leaked images and renders of the supposed backing for the iPhone 8. These images and renders show that the said sensor is to be installed at the back of the phone. On other notes, there are some articles online that beg to differ. For instance, a reports from Timothy Arcuri of Cowen & Company claims that the Touch ID sensor is indeed to be mounted behind the display. This report was corroborated by Digitimes late last week saying that Economic Daily News cited Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company as the source of the information. 3D render for iPhone 8 back housing (via weibo.com Until now, it is still uncertain where exactly the Touch ID sensor will be located. For sure, Apple tried a variation of configurations for the said sensor on the iPhone 8. Thereby exist multiple reports of the supposed sensor location. Nevertheless, it seems like more and more reports are starting to lean over the in-display mounted Touch ID sensor instead of the rear-mounted one. Apple iPhone 8 display aspect ratio Speaking about the iPhone 8’s display, many would know by now that Apple intends to use an OLED panel, a 2.5D type to be exact, on its next flagship phone. This is something that many iPhone users have been waiting for as most Android phones right now have the same display and they did not want to be left behind. Furthermore, OLED displays offer a few improvements to common LCD displays used on current and previous iPhones. For instance, OLED displays are better in color reproduction. Most images displayed on an OLED panel are more vibrant than an LCD. Another important feature of OLED displays is the inherent increase in power efficiency. This is due to the fact the OLED displays do not use LED backlighting to make the picture elements visible. Finally, on the subject of displays, it was also reported last week that Apple might opt for the same display aspect ratio on the iPhone 8 as with the Samsung Galaxy S8. Market reports claim that OLED manufacturers have ramped up 18:9 aspect ratio display panel production in anticipation for the increase in orders this year, majority of which will be coming from Apple. Alleged iPhone 8 display design (by KGI Securities) Artificial Intelligence with Apple Neural Engine Right now, most mobile devices offer some sort of virtual assistance that encompasses machine learning or artificial intelligence. There are currently a number of iterations of virtual mobile assistants in the market. In Apple’s case, it is Siri. For years now, the company has been trying to improve on the said virtual assistant app. Apple even included Siri on the latest version of macOS Sierra. Rumor has it that on iOS 11, Siri will become even more integrated with iOS devices and applications such as iMessage. Now, Bloomberg reports that Apple is considering developing its own artificial intelligence chip to aid the development of applications in the same area. The report claims that the said chip is currently called Apple Neural Engine. The Apple Neural Engine will be integrated to future devices, not only iOS. It will be used mainly on tasks that require human intelligence. These tasks include facial recognition and speech recognition to name a few. Unfortunately, while this may sound truly exciting, it is still uncertain if the said chip will be featured on the iPhone 8. The Neural Engine is still in its early stages of development. There are chances that it might not make it in time with the phone’s release. Nevertheless, Apple, for the time being, might rely on its in-house A11 chip. This will be enough for much of the augmented reality and artificial intelligence that the iPhone 8 will have. Alleged iPhone 8 mockup (by Benjamin Geskin) It looks like the specs for the iPhone 8 is slowly getting finalized as the days go by. For now, perhaps it is safe to say that anyone expecting an in-display Touch ID sensor will not be disappointed when the phone gets released. The same goes with the rumored OLED display of the phone. Most of the rumors regarding this matter has always been about OLED and they have been pretty consistent all the way. The only question right now is when is the phone getting release. There are many school of thoughts about this issue. Reports left, right and center suggest that Apple is having issues with the production major components for the iPhone 8. Chief of which is the Touch ID and OLED display assembly. Many are still hoping that Apple will unveil the much awaited iPhone later this year. This is mainly because some fans are actually curious as to how the phone would look like in physical form. Furthermore, some analysts believe that if Apple fails to release the iPhone 8 later this year, it would mean a great loss for the company in terms of sales. This is due to the fact that its rival, Samsung, is expected to released another flagship later this year. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Xbox Gold, PS Plus Free Games For June 2017 Announcement Gets Hot: All The Games We Might See iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Display, Touch ID, Apple Neural Engine May 29th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 specs, News, Rumors Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you LG G7 Could be the First Android Phone to Have Snapdragon 845 SoC Intel Core i9 X Series Lineup Leaked; Features 18-core to Combat AMD’s Threadripper New iPhone 8 Schematics Leak Confirms In-display Touch ID and Vertical Dual Camera Product Super Rude Bear Resurrection ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station Razer Blade Stealth Ninite Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Little Nightmares Secrets Of The Maw Could Be A Lengthy Prequel Pokemon GO Legendaries And PvP Officially Confirmed For Summer 2017 Pokemon GO Anniversary: What To Expect From Niantic Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Monster Hunter XX Nintendo Switch: Everything We Know So Far Capcom had big news for Monster Hunter fans recently as it revealed that the... Friday The 13th Game Xbox One Version Lacks Day One Patch, Bugs And Server Issues Plague Launch Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game Xbox One version still doesn’t have its day... Overwatch Datamine Possibly Reveals 2017 Summer Games Event Overwatch dataminers have found files that show a new golden loot box. Dataminers speculate... Injustice 2 Fighter Pack 1 Release Date Revealed In Red Hood Trailer Injustice 2 launched a few weeks ago and the sequel to the 2013 fighting game... Magikarp Jump Guide: Ways Your Pet Fish Can Die After the success of Pokemon GO, it’s doubtful anyone expected to see Magikarp Jump... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard iPhone 7 Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Tuesday | May 30, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest May 30, 12:00 pm Hussain Nawaz appears before JIT for 2nd hearing May 30, 11:46 am Google linking online and offline worlds in new ad challenge May 30, 11:41 am India has found 'permanent solution' for Kashmir issue, claims BJP Minister May 30, 11:33 am Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 May 30, 11:25 am Two Saudi policemen hurt in bombing in restive Shi'ite town: SPA May 30, 11:10 am Unknown men shot dead DSP, injured inspector in Quetta May 30, 11:07 am Muslims observe death anniversary of Hazrat Syeda Fatima (R.A) today May 30, 10:58 am LHC halts privatisation of Allama Iqbal Airport   Newsbrief SHARE : Tweet Tens of thousands rally in Madrid for 'job dignity' MADRID (AFP): Tens of thousands of people rallied in Madrid on Saturday for a "march of dignity" to demand better wages and job security as Spain's economy improves. Demonstrators from all over the country marched down Madrid's main avenue, the Gran Via, behind a banner reading "bread, work, homes and equality." Dozens of trade unions and leftwing groups joined the protest. Organisers put the turnout at 200,000, while the local prefecture put it at only 6,000. An estimate by AFP journalists put it in the tens of thousands. Labour reforms adopted in 2012 by the conservative government of Mariano Rajoy have helped to spur growth and bring unemployment down from 27 percent at the start of 2013 to 18.7 percent in the first quarter of this year. But critics say the downside is that many jobs are precarious, with no guarantee of working hours, and are often poorly paid. The minimum wage in Spain is 825 euros ($922) per month. Apple opens first official store in SE Asia SINGAPORE (AFP): Apple opened its first Southeast Asia store in Singapore on Saturday, drawing hundreds of excited fans to the swanky two-storey site in the city's upmarket shopping district. Located on the affluent Orchard Road, the new shop -- easily distinguished by its iconic glass facade -- is expected to be one of the most popular Apple stores in the world according to the US tech giant. Merchandise such as the iPhone and MacBook were strategically placed on display across the spacious first floor, while the upper level acted as a classroom for customers to participate in hands-on sessions. Hundreds of shoppers camped out in anticipation of the launch, while more than a thousand thronged the store soon after the doors opened, an AFP reporter observed. First in the queue was Xiang Jiaxin, a twenty-five-year-old Chinese national working in Macau who had queued for more than 12 hours overnight and planned a holiday to Singapore specially to coincide with the opening. "I am very happy and excited to be part of this. I have participated in the official store openings in Macau, Guangzhou and Nanjing," he told AFP. Apple, which has a staggering $256.8 billion cash stockpile, celebrated its 40th anniversary last year. The Silicon Valley legend sprang out of Steve Jobs' garage to reshape modern life with trend-setting gadgets. Most of its earnings come from the iPhone, which faces increasingly tough competition in a saturated market. The tech behemoth has almost 500 stores globally with more than a million visitors daily. Aside from Singapore, its Asia shops are located in Hong Kong, China and Japan. A regional transport, business and financial hub, Singapore attracted 16.4 million visitors last year. WCCI Sialkot being set up SIALKOT (APP): Necessary arrangement are being finalized for setting up Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry Sialkot (WCCI-S), said chairperson Departmental Committee on Women Entrepreneurs of SCCI Dr. Maryam Noman. Talking to APP on Sunday, she said that Women Chamber will be operational soon in this export oriented city and hub of cottage industry of the country and this step was being taken to facilitate the business women. At present a large number of business women were registered with SCCI and doing their business successfully she said. Dr.Maryam said main objective of setting up Women Chamber was to empower women folk and to promote women entrepreneurship of Sialkot and its adjoining areas. She said that the dream of national development could not be materialized without the involvement women in the national development process. The chairperson further stated that Pakistani women had the capability and courage to bring revolutionary changes in every sphere of life and cope with global challenges more effectively. The Women Chamber will play its instrumental role in promoting women entrepreneurship enabling them to play their due role in boosting up export volume and Women Chamber will extend necessary support and guidance to females in setting up their independent business and concentrate on capacity building she added. China's coal-rich province suspends mine construction TAIYUAN (APP/Xinhua): Authorities in northern China's Shanxi province have vowed to suspend or hold back the construction of coal mines with a capacity of 120 million tonnes from 2016 to 2020. Besides cutting its coal production capacity by over 100 million tonnes, the province will also suspend the construction of more coal mines over the period to further reduce coal production capacity, according to a recent coal industry development plan published by the local government. As of the end of 2015, Shanxi had or was constructing 1,078 coal mines with a total production capacity of 1.46 billion tonnes per year. Among the coal mines, 541 have a production capacity of 880 million tonnes per year and 537 are under construction. By the end of March 2016, the number of mines in operation rose to 562 with a capacity of 910 million tonnes per year. At the same time, the province will also reduce the number of coal mines by restructuring the companies. With a quarter of China's known coal reserves, Shanxi aims to limit the number of its mines to 900 by 2020, with an average capacity of 1.8 million tonnes annually, according to earlier reports. Earlier this month, the province said it will close down 18 collieries and cut 17 million tonnes of coal production capacity this year. Tweet RELATED NEWS August 18, 2013 Newsbrief August 17, 2013 Newsbrief August 07, 2013 Newsbrief August 04, 2013 newsbrief MORE IN BUSINESS May 30, 2017 India needs more jobs for women to boost growth: WB May 30, 2017 European stocks tread water as Wall Street takes day off May 30, 2017 Nepal announces $12b budget May 30, 2017 Draghi says ECB stimulus still needed despite better growth Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented No possibility of a limited war with Pakistan: Indian Army ... Pogba on Makkah pilgrimage sends Ramzan greetings Jemima tweets in support of Imran on Bani Gala residence Six red carpet looks that turned heads at Cannes No possibility of a limited war with Pakistan: Indian Army ... Never took salary during presidency tenure: Zardari 1 killed, 5 injured during load shedding protest in Malakand Christians caught up in Philippines' urban battle with ... LATEST COMMENTS Gul e lala The protesters instigated and rabbeted by PTI goons need to pay their bills before demanding no load shedding. You cant eat the cake and have it also. PakSal Can we may be call her "Minister for the Sharif Family Affairs"? ... because all she is talking about is Sharifs are Sharifs all the time which quite clearly means that they aren't. Rafique Khan IN OUR AREA FROM YESTERDAY IFTAR TIMING TILL TODAY MORNING AT 6,45 A.M. THERE WERE HEAVY POWER BREAK DOWNS. IT WERE REPEATED BREAK DOWNS AND DUE TO HOT WEATHER IN KARACHI IT IS VERY DIFFICULT FOR US ... More On Page 8 ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Gul e lala The protesters instigated and rabbeted by PTI goons need to pay their bills before demanding no load shedding. You cant eat the cake and have it also. PakSal Can we may be call her "Minister for the Sharif Family Affairs"? ... because all she is talking about is Sharifs are Sharifs all the time which quite clearly means that they aren't. Rafique Khan IN OUR AREA FROM YESTERDAY IFTAR TIMING TILL TODAY MORNING AT 6,45 A.M. THERE WERE HEAVY POWER BREAK DOWNS. IT WERE REPEATED BREAK DOWNS AND DUE TO HOT WEATHER IN KARACHI IT IS VERY DIFFICULT FOR US ... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Share 13 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-29 Julia Roberts Braves Crocodile-Infested Waters And Eats Goat’s Head To Deliver Vaccines To Kenyan Children Entertainment 2017-05-29 Will You Recognize Robert Pattinson In His New Role? Entertainment 2017-05-28 Angelina Jolie On Learning How To Parent From Her Mother, Marcheline Bertrand Entertainment 2017-05-28 Bethenny Frankel To Phaedra Parks: She’d ‘Beat’ Her If She Was Kandi Burruss News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-30 Finally Hear What Jared Kushner’s Voice Sounds Like, Is Kushner Now In Trump Line Of Fire? News 2017-05-29 Donald Trump Hails Heroes At Arlington Cemetary On Memorial Day News 2017-05-29 Donald Trump Indictment: N.Y. Attorney General Reportedly Brought RICO Charges For Trump’s Russian Mob Ties News 2017-05-29 Susan Ash Steps Down As American Kratom Association Chair Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-30 John Cena Vs. Roman Reigns Match Suggested, Fan Reactions Compared By Top Creative Team Member Wrestling 2017-05-29 Finn Balor Rising To Become A Legitimate Contender To Brock Lesnar And Universal Championship Wrestling 2017-05-29 WWE Rumors: Big Update On Former World Champion Returning On ‘SmackDown Live’ This Tuesday Night Baseball 2017-05-29 Coastal Carolina, Miami Among Those On The Outside Looking In As Bracket Is Announced Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-25 National Wine Day: Quotes, GIFs, Recipes, And More Lifestyle 2017-05-24 Memorial Day 2017: Freebies, Discounts, Deals, & More Lifestyle 2017-05-21 Tired Of Being Single? Embrace ‘Sologamy’ And Marry Yourself Lifestyle 2017-05-19 Dunkin’ Donuts Gives Away Free Frozen Coffee Samples Today, And ‘Freeze The Day With $1K’ Giveaway Ends Today Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-27 Lazarus Syndrome Cases Grossly Underreported, Some Scientists Suggest Passive Monitoring After Death Health 2017-05-26 Penis Transplant In South Africa Gives Patient The Right Organ With The Wrong Color Health 2017-05-25 Magic Mushrooms Are ‘Safest’ Recreational Drug Says New Study, But How Safe Are They? Health, Medicine 2017-05-24 Merck & Co. Gain FDA Approval For Pembrolizumab, A Groundbreaking New Cancer Medication Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-30 ‘Final Fantasy Brave Exvius’ Celebrates Anniversary With Fan Festa World Tour Gaming 2017-05-30 New ‘Overwatch’ Lore Details Events At The Horizon Lunar Colony, Likely Teasing Upcoming Content Gaming 2017-05-29 ‘Far Cry 5’ Lets Players Create Their Own Character, Explore The Entire Campaign In Co-Op Gaming 2017-05-29 ‘ARK: Survival Evolved’ Mega PC Update Adds Laughing Hyenas, Motorboat, And Toilet BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-29 Melania Trump Has Wardrobe Boxes Full Of Clothes Sent To Trump Tower, Doesn’t Need Couture, Knows Her Size BuzzWorthy 2017-05-29 Melania Trump On Memorial Day: Melania’s Hand Swat, $51.5K Jacket, Cost Of Not Moving To White House Go Viral BuzzWorthy 2017-05-29 Baby Walks Minutes After Birth On Viral Video: Hoax, Unbelievable Feat, Or Natural Behavior? BuzzWorthy 2017-05-29 Memorial Day 2017: Quotes To Remember Those Who Gave Their Lives While Keeping Us Safe SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss The MacBook Pro 2017 With Kaby Lake And 32GB RAM Might Make An Appearance On WWDC 2017 Gadgets 13 0 0 May 28, 2017 The MacBook Pro 2017 With Kaby Lake And 32GB RAM Might Make An Appearance On WWDC 2017 Simon Alvarez There is no denying that the MacBook Pro is a beautiful piece of hardware. Sleek and slim, the 2016 machine packs a lot of power in its portable frame. There is just one problem, however. For power users, the 2016 MBP simply does not have enough horsepower to justify its “Pro” moniker and its premium price. If a noted Apple analyst is to be believed, however, the MacBook Pro 2017 might very well address all of the 2016 model’s issues sooner than expected. According to a MacWorld report, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a pretty solid track record with regards to his predictions about the tech giant, has stated that the entire Mac lineup would see an update this year. This includes the MacBook Pro, which would be given a processor boost and an upgrade on memory. While a processor and memory boost might appear to be marginal upgrades to the popular professional-grade laptop, these improvements would actually go a long way in establishing the MacBook Pro 2017 as a serious productivity machine capable of handling the most arduous tasks that users could throw at it. Currently, the Skylake chip-8GB RAM configuration of the device is good enough for basic productivity tasks, but when users attempt some serious video or image creation, the 2016 MBP struggles. My weapon blacked out. A post shared by Julian O'hayon (@anckor) on May 27, 2017 at 10:14am PDT The MacBook Pro is currently Apple’s most powerful laptop, but it could be so much better. According to persistent rumors about the upcoming device, the professional-grade laptop would be released with Intel’s Kaby Lake chips this coming June during Apple’s WWDC 2017 event. The Kaby Lake chips would not be all that the laptops would be equipped with, however, as the MacBook Pro 2017 is expected to be fitted with 16GB of RAM as well, which is double the amount that was featured in the 2016 models. Kuo even stated that a higher-end MacBook Pro, possibly a 15-inch model, would launch with 32GB of RAM late this year, which would all but make Apple’s professional-grade laptops worthy of their moniker. If any, the signs that Apple is preparing for an update in its lineup have begun appearing. Over the past few months, numerous Apple products, from the iPad Pro to the MacBook Pro 2016, have started going on sale, as noted by AppleInsider. If the Cupertino-based tech giant’s reputation is any indication, sales and promotions on outgoing models usually indicate that newer products would replace them soon. Ultimately, the 2016 MacBook Pro was a gamble that did not pay off as much as Apple expected. While the sleek machines boasted numerous advancements and new features that were not found in their predecessors, they were unfortunately held back by the design choices that the Cupertino-based tech giant rolled out for the computers. Among these is the retirement of legacy ports in favor of USB-C, which resulted in users scrambling to acquire dongles to get basic tasks done, as well as the removal of popular features such as the MagSafe power connector. Kick off your morning off on the right foot. #chillmorning #classicalmusic #coffee #macbookpro #latte #bestpartofwakingup A post shared by Kevin Yeager (@the_simple_cyclist) on May 28, 2017 at 5:13pm PDT Even the Touch Bar, arguably the MacBook Pro 2017’s most iconic feature, has been met with mixed reviews from users as of date. While the feature is undoubtedly novel, and while it does provide a new way for users to interact with their laptops, many have stated that the Touch Bar is not that useful in real-world applications at all. If any, the advantages of the Touch Bar are far outweighed by the compromises that Apple took when designing the 2016 MacBook Pro. The 2017 MacBook Pro would largely be the same device that was released last year. It would still have the same upgrade restrictions, the same lack of legacy ports and its Touch Bar would still be not as useful. Nevertheless, the added power that he Kaby Lake processors would give, and the ease of use that a RAM upgrade would provide, would surely be appreciated by consumers and avid Apple fans alike. Ultimately, such a push in specs would make the MacBook Pro 2017 worthy of its name. [Featured Image by guteksk7/Shutterstock] Share 13 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro 2017, MBP 2017 May 29, 2017 Kelly Ripa And Ryan Seacrest Feuding On Set? Here’s What They Have To Say May 29, 2017 Aaron Rodgers Has Reportedly Moved On From Olivia Munn: Will His Family Approve This Time? Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Final Fantasy Brave Exvius’ Celebrates Anniversary With Fan Festa World Tour Zac Efron And Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Drop Some Bombs About Underwater ‘Baywatch’ Kiss John Cena Vs. Roman Reigns Match Suggested, Fan Reactions Compared By Top Creative Team Member New ‘Overwatch’ Lore Details Events At The Horizon Lunar Colony, Likely Teasing Upcoming Content #WeWantPrisonBreakSeason6 Trends As Fans Petition For ‘Prison Break’ Season 6 Finally Hear What Jared Kushner’s Voice Sounds Like, Is Kushner Now In Trump Line Of Fire? Jinger Duggar Fans Fear For Her Safety After She Shares Instagram Photo Of Robbery Aftermath Rihanna Pregnancy Rumors Debunked! The Truth Behind Speculations Unveiled Bella Hadid Hangs Out With Lewis Hamilton On Yacht In Monaco: Are They Dating? Birdman Net Worth 2017: Will Drake, Lil Wayne Lawsuits Take His ‘Top Richest’ In Rap Title? [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Roger Waters Brings Powerful Anti-Trump Message On New Tour, Offending Some Fans 69.8k 0 0 Dani Mathers‬‬: Ex-Playboy’s LA Fitness Photo Has Playmate Pleading ‘Nolo Contendere’ For Fat Shaming [Video] 8.3k 0 0 Walmart To Ban Woman Caught On Viral Racist Rant Video 16.7k 0 0 Piers Morgan Slams Ariana Grande For Flying Home Following Manchester Terror Attack: ‘She Should Have Stayed’ 18k 0 0 Trey Gowdy May Have Implicated Himself In Trump Russia, While Facing Ethics Complaints 1.7k 0 0 Jaden Smith Claims That Four Seasons Toronto ‘Spiked’ His Pancakes With Cheese Then Kicked Him Out 8.1k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories New study says American families are overwhelmed by clutter, rarely eat together, and are generally stressed out about it all Here’s how Trump likes to get his intel: in small bites Finding Lisa: a story of murders, mysteries, loss, and, incredibly, new life Elizabeth Warren bill on hearing aid draws opposition from gun rights, conservative groups Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In STAT Software turns phones into medical research tools E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share ResearchKit software lets people create health care applications on phones. By Kate Sheridan STAT  May 28, 2017 In March 2015, Apple promised to change the way medical research could be done. It launched ResearchKit, which could turn millions of iPhones around the world into a “powerful tool for medical research,” the company said at the time. ResearchKit is software that gives would-be app developers a library of coding to create health apps on the iPhone and Apple Watch. And it has spawned a number of studies: One team created an app to track symptoms of Parkinson’s disease; another a screening protocol for autism, while a third tracks changes in the moles people have on their skin. Advertisement Many of these apps have been downloaded tens of thousands of times. “Virtually overnight, the research studies that we launched became some of the largest in history,” Jeff Williams, then Apple’s senior vice president of operations, said at an Apple event in March 2016. But much of that early research wasn’t clinical in nature; rather it simply studied the feasibility of using mobile apps to collect health data. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Now, however, ResearchKit seems to be on the verge of becoming medically useful. In recent months scientists have published new data on seizures, asthma attacks, and heart disease using the platform. And scientists are already looking ahead to the next milestone: hacking our ubiquitous mobile devices to become potentially lifesaving medical monitors. For epilepsy patients and their doctors, precise answers to standard questions can be hard to get. How many seizures happened in the last month? How many doses of epilepsy medication were skipped? Some patients go by memory, others keep journals or charts. But participants in a recent Johns Hopkins study were the first to use a ResearchKit app to track their seizures, with the data going to Dr. Gregory Krauss and his colleagues. Advertisement For the past two years, Krauss has collected data from participants before, after — and even during — seizures. If the users think they’re about to have a seizure, they can open the app on their watch and begin tests that measure their memory along with their state of awareness. If they stop responding to the test, they’re presumed to have lost awareness until they start responding again. That data is coupled with heart rate and accelerometer data. The team’s results were the first to use surveys taken immediately after seizures to document epilepsy triggers — a feat impossible with previous research methods. Sleepless nights, missed medication doses, and stress were all found to contribute to the likelihood of seizure, according to data presented at the annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology on April 27. Researchers plan to submit the data for peer-reviewed publication and join just a handful of other ResearchKit teams who have published. And Krauss and his team are working to create a seizure detector to warn participants before the terrifying — and potentially dangerous — event sets in. The EpiWatch app, running in the background on a smartwatch, would use physiological data to detect a seizure and alert its wearer. Meanwhile, other studies using the ResearchKit software are making their way through publication and adding to the scientific literature. The MyHeart Counts app, for instance, studies the impact of physical activity on heart health, and preliminary results were published in JAMA Cardiology in January. More than 20,000 people sent data about their movements to researchers, and about 4,900 people completed a six-minute walk test, an oft-used measure for fitness. The data showed that nearly two-thirds of participants were stationary for half of their day, and those among the least active had higher rates of cardiovascular-related illnesses. Another team at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York City published data from its asthma app in March in Nature Biotechnology. Their findings confirmed that more asthma attacks happen in the summer than in spring, and that air quality affects symptoms. The size and speed of data collection in these studies are pretty unbeatable. “I think it would be very hard to do the research without ResearchKit,” said Krauss, the epilepsy researcher. “We’re able to study people in a large range of ages and a large number of different types of seizures across the entire US quickly.” So far, his team has analyzed data from nearly 1,000 participants. One segment of the Mount Sinai study included more than 2,000 people — about as many adults with asthma as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reached during its 2015 National Health Interview Survey. Moreover, the Mount Sinai study could gather data from the same individual over several days, said professor Pei Wang; each person took the CDC survey only once. Despite those advantages, ResearchKit faces two major hurdles. First, because participants register from their personal devices, they have to have been able to afford an Apple product such as a smartphone or a smartwatch. So many low-income individuals would be less likely to participate in these research studies. Secondly, research done on ResearchKit may suffer from a broader diversity problem. The researchers STAT spoke to said they were satisfied with their sample populations but noted that some “techie” cities and regions, such as San Francisco, had particularly high numbers of participants. Though the asthma study had about the same geographic distribution as the those in the CDC survey, its cohort was younger, wealthier, more educated, and more male. Participants were also less ethnically diverse. Only 5 percent were black, while about 14 percent of all adults with asthma are black, according to the CDC. This sampling problem has a few possible solutions. Mobile device prices might get cheaper; groups could donate more devices for research participants; or, developers could just make the apps work on more types of devices, such as Android phones. Expanding to Android might do more than just widen the pool of people able to participate in studies — it could also expand the types of data researchers could collect. “The Android operating system allows researchers to easily get access to information about how people are using their phones,” said Lara Mangravite, president of Sage Bionetworks — including, if the user consents, call logs, and Internet-use data. The latter could be harnessed in surprising ways. For instance, Mangravite said, since people read on their smartphones in the bathroom, combining Internet-use data along with GPS information might help an algorithm predict when someone is having a flare of irritable bowel syndrome. Kate Sheridan can be reached at kate.sheridan@statnews-.com. Follow Kate on Twitter @sheridan_kate. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Neill Blomkamp Is Making Short Movies For Steam Relive Every Major Game Of Thrones Death In This Clever Hand-Drawn Montage The Art Of Blizzard's Heroes Of The Storm It Cosplay. Sweet Dreams. Esports Punk Wins Street Fighter V ELEAGUE Invitational In Climactic Comeback Sumail Makes The Great Escape In Victory At Manila Street Fighter V's Balrog Is Pretty Damn Strong, But Not Unbeatable SonicFox Wins Inaugural Injustice 2 Premier Event At Combo Breaker Xbox In Injustice 2, The Joker's Crowbar Means Nothing To Jason Todd Injustice 2 Is Surprisingly At Its Best When It Forgets It's An Injustice Sequel Something Project Scorpio Can Learn From The PS4 And PS4 Pro Dead Space 2 Proves That Linear Games Can Be Amazing PlayStation The Plot Twist In Star Ocean: Till The End Of Time Is A Lot More Believable Today  Square Enix Moves Final Fantasy 7 Remake Development In-House Prey's Final Act Is A Mess YouTuber Mods The Last Of Us To Play As Tess Instead Of Joel Nintendo Some Blue Shells Have Minds Of Their Own Some Thoughts On Arms After Playing This Weekend's Open Beta Fire Emblem Heroes Adds Wedding Costumes There's More To Phantom Trigger Than Just Another Beautiful Pixel Brawler PC Emily Is Away Too Celebrates The Wild West Of Early Social Media FMV Mystery Doctor Dekker Is Messy, But Campy Fun Friday The 13th, As Told By Steam Reviews Vanquish Adds Beta Fix For Frame Rate Damage Bug Mobile 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone The Best Stuff To Do On The Google Homepage That Isn't Googling How To Switch To Android From iOS Skullgirls' Mobile Fighting Game Is Strong In Real Life Street Masters Turns Beat-Em-Ups Into A Board Game ScribbleTaku Studio Ghibli Celebrates Delicious Anime Food  What's The Best Birthday Cake? Retro A Rare Video Tour Of Peak Sega Everything You Wanted To Know About Super Mario 64's Surfaces  ScribbleTaku World Heroes Was A Damn Good Fighting Game Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Friday The 13th, As Told By Steam Reviews Some Blue Shells Have Minds Of Their Own Some Thoughts On Arms After Playing This Weekend's Open Beta Something Project Scorpio Can Learn From The PS4 And PS4 Pro How To Switch To Android From iOS David Nield May 29, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple google ios mobiles Share Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Do you Google? Good news if you're already heavily invested in the Google ecosystem on your iPhone. You can switch to Android in an hour or two and keep your evening free for seeing friends or browsing Netflix. Otherwise, better cancel those evening plans. Those of you who spend all your time in Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Maps for iOS can simply install those apps on your brand new Android device, sign in using your Google account credentials, and pick up where you left off. The same applies for Google Photos and Google Drive. Google Drive can handle contacts and calendars for you. Image: Google Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have a dedicated app to help you defect to its mobile OS, but it does have a website with a lot of the information you're going to need: essentially you're instructed to use Google Drive to copy over contacts, photos, videos and calendar entries, which we'll cover in more detail below. If you're thinking about switching from iOS to Android in the future, or like to swap mobile OSes on a regular basis, then Google's cloud-centric services make the task much easier — so your best off keeping all your data there. By contrast, the only official Apple app you can get on Android at the moment is Apple Music. Messages and emails Extricating yourself from iMessage is perhaps the biggest challenge facing those jumping ship to Android. iMessage doesn't work on Google's platform, and there's no way to export all your message history into a comparable Android app. You're going to have to say goodbye to iMessage, but you can at least ensure a clean break. As soon as you know you're making the move go into your iOS and navigate to Messages in Settings and turn iMessage off, then go to FaceTime in Settings and turn that off too. Apple's full instructions are here. If you have some precious iMessages or plain old SMSes you can't leave behind, you'll need to rely on third-party software and some rather convoluted processes to back it all up. iSMS2droid promises to import messages from an unencrypted backup you made in iTunes on your computer into Android. If you don't need the backup on your phone, then PhoneView (macOS) and CopyTrans (Windows) are two of many tools that will let you browse your old missives to your heart's content. It's goodbye to iMessage. Image: Screenshot As for emails, Apple's system supports IMAP, so you can carry on checking your iCloud emails through Gmail on Android if you're not having a fresh start and giving up your old email address completely. Tap the drop-down arrow on the Gmail app menu, choose Add account, and follow the configuration instructions provided by Apple. It's the same process if you're using any other kind of email app on your new Android device, like Outlook from Microsoft. The only requirement is that it supports the popular IMAP protocol. You have a couple of other options if putting your iCloud account directly into Gmail doesn't appeal. You can have all your Apple iCloud emails automatically forwarded to your new Gmail address, by going into iCloud Mail on the web and setting up forwarding — you can even delete the originals after they're passed on. Alternatively, you can export all your old emails using Mail on a Mac just in case you ever need them again, then close down your Apple account. Contacts and calendars As long as you just want to make a one-way, one-time switch from iOS to Android, then Google Drive for iOS makes the process of moving contacts and calendars over simple enough. Once you've got the app installed on your iOS device, open the menu then tap Settings and Backup. Choose the data you want to transfer across to the equivalent Google accounts, tap Start Backup and you're on your way — everything from iOS and iCloud gets picked up. Make sure you're on wi-fi, and the iPhone is plugged in during the switchover. Also note, that any previous backups you've done will be overwritten. macOS can help make switching calendars easier. Image: Screenshot If you want a two-way sync, which you might if you're using your Android phone with an Apple laptop, then it's a lot more complicated. The best option, really, is to switch to using Google contacts and calendars as much as you can, and then adding your Google account to the relevant apps in macOS (Add Account from the main app menu in both cases). Even then you need to make sure you're always adding events to the Google calendars (or contacts) and not the iCloud ones for them to show up on your phone. If you absolutely must keep both Google and iCloud services running concurrently, and syncing with each other, then you'll need to put your trust in a third-party app for macOS or Android. Photos and videos Since Google Photos came into the world it's actually pretty easy to get all your personal photos and videos moved over to Android, via Google's servers, as long as they're all still on your iPhone: Install Google Photos for iOS, opt to back everything up, and away you go. You can either pay Google for storage and keep everything at full resolution, or accept some resizing (images max out at 16 MP, videos at 1080p), and store as many photos and videos as you like on the web, free of charge. The process is even more straightforward if you use the Google Drive app as we described in the section above, and Google Photos even supports Live Photos these days, using those extra few frames of animation to create a GIF for you. The only negative is that the albums you've created in iOS don't get copied over (everything appears as one long list of pictures), so you need to create them again. Google Photos can transfer images and videos. (Image: Google) All that is easy enough but if you've got photos in iCloud you've moved off your iPhone then you might have a problem or two on your hands. As we explained in our full guide to the topic of switching between Apple Photos and Google Photos, just about the only option open to you is downloading them all from iCloud to a macOS or Windows machine then uploading them again using a Google Photos client. It's a little convoluted but it's manageable, and it's a lot easier than using the export options in iCloud on the web, which are practically non-existent. If you don't have a computer to act as the middleman between iCloud Photo Library and Google Photos then you're stuck — you'll have to borrow a laptop from someone. Music and movies As we now have Apple Music on Android, getting your iTunes music on your Android device is no longer the exercise in frustration it once was. As far as tunes you've actually purchased directly from iTunes, it's probably the best option out there, though you do need to have signed up for an Apple Music subscription to be able to use the app and get at your purchases. Otherwise, it depends on where your music is and how it's stored. Any plain old MP3s you were syncing to your iPhone from iTunes can be uploaded to Google Play Music instead (50,000 of them can be stored for free), or you can use something like DoubleTwist, which is just about the leading choice if you want to keep on using iTunes alongside Android for your music. If you're signed up for Spotify you just need the Android app. Apple Music, now on Android. Image: Screenshot Likewise, if you've been accessing all your movies and TV shows through Netflix, Plex or Google Play Movies & TV then you just need to find and install the relevant app for Android and you're ready to go. All these services let you stream to multiple devices from a single account, so you can carry on using your iOS device if you need to. However, any videos you've purchased from iTunes won't run on Android at all — there's just no app to do it unless Apple ever gets around to making one. Several tools out there will do the job of removing iTunes DRM for you, but since we're getting into murky legal territory with that, we'll leave you to discover them for yourself. If you've invested hundreds of dollars in an iTunes digital library then you can still watch it on macOS, Windows, and the Apple TV, but not Android. Apps and games Generally speaking, all the apps you use on your iPhone are going to be available on Android as well, though there are a few exceptions — like Overcast and Day One. In terms of paid-for apps, you're going to have to pay for them all again, unfortunately, though something like a Spotify subscription buys you access on both Android and iOS. Whether all your data (from documents to saved games) moves over with you is another matter and worth checking up on before you make the switch. If you're in any doubt, get in touch with the developer directly to see what the situation is (you might be out of luck with anything that relies heavily on the iCloud storage system). Some paid-for iOS games, like Alto's Adventure, are free to play on Android. (Image: Noodlecake Studios Inc) We can't give you a guide to everything out there, but think about your productivity, fitness, and banking apps. Assess how much data is stored locally and what's going to happen to it. If you can, keep your old iPhone and new Android phone running alongside each other for a while until you're certain everything's been moved over successfully without too many bumps in the road. You might not believe it if you've read everything that's above, but moving from iOS to Android is actually much easier than it used to be, thanks mainly to an increased focus on cloud services (even, belatedly, from Apple itself). As long as you take your time, and don't live your life inside iMessage, you don't have to feel daunted by the task. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments thefong @thefong May 29, 2017, 10:26am Step 1 - Reevaluate your life choices Step 2 - Return to the sweet sweet embrace of Android Reply 2 troutmonkey @troutmonkey May 29, 2017, 11:08am I was going to post something similar, but the article is actually "To Android From iOS". Took a few attempts to see it written that way... Reply 1 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Something Project Scorpio Can Learn From The PS4 And PS4 Pro Alex Walker 30 May 2017 10:00 AM It shouldn't be much of a surprise that Project Scorpio will be a major drawcard at this year's E3. And we'll no doubt hear more about the raw hardware, all the games it can play at 4K, and how nice HDR makes everything look. But there's one thing I badly want Microsoft to do with Project Scorpio, and it's a lesson they can learn from Sony. A Guide To Those Australian Pokemon Alex Walker 29 May 2017 9:00 AM Paul Robertson made a name for himself over the weekend by redrawing the original 151 Pokemon as if they were ... well, Australian. But while locals might have gotten most, if not all, of the jokes, fans from abroad might have been a little more confused by Pokemon such as "Yoyou" and "Criccet". So to help them out, there's a little explainer. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Deals: Fang Around Safely With This Hands-Free Phone Mount Deals: Pay What You Want To Learn App Development Deals: Learn How To Build Smart Home Apps For Amazon Alexa Trending Articles 1 Something Project Scorpio Can Learn From The PS4 And PS4 Pro 2 A Guide To Those Australian Pokemon 3 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone Neill Blomkamp's Next Project Teases New Horrors And An Alien Invasion Not Satire: The Government Wants To Use Clean Energy Funds For Coal In Injustice 2, The Joker's Crowbar Means Nothing To Jason Todd How Do Non-Human Animals Experience Hunger? A Rare Video Tour Of Peak Sega 8 Classic Games Actually Worth Playing On Your Phone Street Masters Turns Beat-Em-Ups Into A Board Game FMV Mystery Doctor Dekker Is Messy, But Campy Fun Kids' Vitamin Gummies Are Far Less Healthy Than You Think Everything Coming To Netflix, Stan, Foxtel And Amazon This June Want Decent NBN Speeds? Get Your Arse To Tassie Elevator Pitch: Watson X Watson There's a ridiculously large number of jobs available for those seeking work in Japan Online lender RateSetter valued at over £200 million as it raises £13 million to launch new ISAs The 10 most important things in the world right now AUSTRALIAN STOCKS NOSE AHEAD: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Reports Second Quarter Results CUPERTINO, California — May 2, 2017 — Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2017 second quarter ended April 1, 2017. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $52.9 billion and quarterly earnings per diluted share of $2.10. These results compare to revenue of $50.6 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.90 in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter’s revenue. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter. Looking ahead, we are excited to welcome attendees from around the world to our annual Worldwide Developers Conference next month in San Jose.” Apple also announced that its Board of Directors has authorized an increase of $50 billion to the Company’s program to return capital to shareholders and is extending the program timeframe by four quarters.  Under the expanded program, Apple plans to spend a cumulative total of $300 billion by the end of March 2019. “We generated strong operating cash flow of $12.5 billion and returned over $10 billion to our investors in the March quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “Given the strength of our business and our confidence in our future, we are happy to announce another $50 billion increase to our capital return program today.” As part of the latest update to the program, the Board has increased its share repurchase authorization to $210 billion from the $175 billion level announced a year ago. The Company also expects to continue to net-share-settle vesting restricted stock units. The Board has approved a 10.5% increase to the Company’s quarterly dividend, and has declared a dividend of $0.63 per share of the Company’s common stock, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2017. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through March 2017, Apple has returned over $211 billion to shareholders, including $151 billion in share repurchases. The Company plans to continue to access the domestic and international debt markets to assist in funding the program. The management team and the Board will continue to review each element of the capital return program regularly and plan to provide an update on the program on an annual basis. Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 third quarter:   revenue between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent operating expenses between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion other income/(expense) of $450 million tax rate of 25.5 percent Apple will provide live streaming of its Q2 2017 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on May 2, 2017 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trade Me to offer buy now pay later with Afterpay Next PostNext Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Search Recent Posts International Marine Wind Sensor Market 2017-2021: Industry Consumption, Suppliers, Rivalry, Customers, Geography, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast Dongguan Yaxun Electronic Hardware Product Co., Ltd is a Chian Thermal Fuse Manufacturer with strict quality control CN and TCRC-CTY reach tentative agreement on new labour contract for conductors in Canada Kenya Dairy Market 2011-2017 – Research and Markets Dongguan Yaxun Electronic Hardware Product Co., Ltd presents quality chian temperature sensors to meet different requirements Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nokia and Apple sign agreement, settle all litigation Cupertino, California and Espoo, Finland — Nokia and Apple announced today that they have settled all litigation related to their intellectual property dispute and agreed a multi-year patent license. “This is a meaningful agreement between Nokia and Apple,” said Maria Varsellona, Chief Legal Officer at Nokia, responsible for Nokia’s patent licensing business. “It moves our relationship with Apple from being adversaries in court to business partners working for the benefit of our customers.” Under a business collaboration agreement, Nokia will be providing certain network infrastructure product and services to Apple. Apple will resume carrying Nokia digital health products (formerly under the Withings brand) in Apple retail and online stores, and Apple and Nokia are exploring future collaboration in digital health initiatives. Regular summits between top Nokia and Apple executives will ensure that the relationship works effectively and to the benefit of both parties and their customers. “We are pleased with this resolution of our dispute and we look forward to expanding our business relationship with Nokia,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “This agreement will strengthen our collaboration,” said Basil Alwan, President of Nokia’s IP/Optical Networks business. “We look forward to supporting Apple.” While details of the agreement remain confidential, Nokia will receive an up-front cash payment from Apple, with additional revenues during the term of the agreement. The value of the agreement will be reflected partially as patent licensing net sales in Nokia Technologies and partially as net sales in other Nokia business groups. Nokia will follow its existing practices for disclosing patent licensing revenue in its quarterly announcements and expects that revenues for the agreement will start to be recognized in the second quarter of 2017, including an element of non-recurring catch-up revenue. Due to the up-front cash payment from Apple, Nokia intends to provide a comprehensive update of its capital structure optimization program in conjunction with its third quarter 2017 results. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Reports Second Quarter Results Next PostNext Takuma Sato, Honda Win the Indianapolis 500 Search Recent Posts Cost Saving Opportunities for the Global Subscription and Billing Management Market: Technavio Global Military Airframe Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul (MRO) Market, Forecast to 2026 Global Interventional Oncology Market In-depth Research Report on Market from 2017 to 2021 Global Online Apparel Retailing Market 2017-2021 Global Macadamia Market 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology » Mobiles So this is how the upcoming Apple iPhone 8 will look like? Pics inside Known tipster Benjamin Geskin has released sketches of the iPhone 8 on his Twitter page. ﻿ By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Tuesday, May 30, 2017 - 11:39 Comment 0 Comment New Delhi: Amidst constant curiousity and anticipation over Apple`s next generation iPhone, a couple of pictures have been leaked. Known tipster Benjamin Geskin has released sketches of the iPhone 8 on his Twitter page. The leaked pictures give some interesting glimpse into the design of the iPhone 8. In the pictures the iphone 8 is seen with a vertical dual-camera at the rear panel, edge-to-edge display and dual speakers at the bottom edge. Several reports on the expected feature of iPhone 8 has been doing the rounds already. As per pervious reports, the iPhone 8 is rumoured to sport a bold new design and would feature an OLED display full of holes. The company will also bring "True Color iPad Pro" screen technology to its smartphones for the first time that uses advanced four-channel ambient light sensors to automatically adapt the colour and intensity of the display to match the light in your environment. The full spectral sensing ambient light sensor will be added across the iPhone 7S, iPhone 7S Plus and iPhone 8. TAGS AppleApple iPhoneApple iPhone 8Apple iPhone 8 picturesApple iPhone 8 leaked picsApple iPhone 8 designApple iPhone 8 launch date KarnatakaEducation Karnataka CET results 2017 will be declared today at 1 pm; check karresults.nic.in From Zee News Celebrities and their Instagram diaries IPL 2017, Final - Mumbai Indians VS Rising Pune Supergiant DAY IN PICS - 18 May 2017 WorldAsia Car bomb in central Baghdad kills 13, claimed by IS securit... India 'No power on earth' could stop construction of Ra... Himachal Pradesh Tourists flocking to Himachal hills feel cheated Rajasthan Six BSF troopers injured in accidental blast in Rajasthan India Cyclone Mora – All you need to know about weather forecast AmericasWorld Manuel Antonio Noriega, former CIA agent who got on the wro... Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending West BengalEducation Wbresults.nic.in HS Results 2017 WBCHSE: Wbchse.nic.in HS Class 12th Result 2017 West Bengal... West BengalEducation West Bengal WBCHSE Class 12th HS Result 2017 declared, check wbchse.nic.in, wbresults.nic.in... West BengalEducation WB HS Results 2017: Check wbchse.nic.in, wbresults.nic.in for West Bengal WB Class 12th Resu... cricket WATCH: 'Remove Jhijhak Ki Patti', Gautam Gambhir kick-starts inspirational campaig... Asia Story of slain Pakistani Hindu soldier goes viral – Read Movies 'Hindi Medium' and 'Half Girlfriend': Week two Box Office results are ou... KeralaIndia Huge controversy erupts as Youth Congress workers publicly butcher calf in Kerala - What the... ICC Champions Trophycricket 'Lack of freedom' making Team India unhappy with coach Anil Kumble: Reports UttarakhandEducation UK Board 10th Result 2017 declared on uaresults.nic.in/ubse.uk.gov.in - Uttarakhand High Sch... Jammu and KashmirIndia Army Chief calls for 'innovation' in fighting 'dirty war' in Kashmir; CP... photo gallery DAY IN PICS - 30 May 2017 video Watch: India's strategic plan to extinguish terrorism from Kashmir CBSE Class XII results: Amity International School, Noida's Raksha Gopal tops with 99.6% Cyclone Mora to intensify in 24 hours; heavy rainfall expected in Bengal, Northeast Man brutally beaten to death by woman in Ghaziabad for obscene phone calls CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
  Caracas, Tuesday May 30,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Latin America (Click here for more) EMerge Wants to Establish Self as Tech Bridge between Latin America, US MIAMI  The eMerge Americas forum, which this year will feature speakers such as Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, is aiming to make Miami the meeting place for Latin American entrepreneurs and US investors, executive director Xavier Gonzalez told EFE. The fourth edition of eMerge will be held in Miami Beach starting on June 12 and this year organizers expect to exceed the 13,000 people who attended the 2016 forum. The forum seeks to gather together all those involved in the tech company environment and wants to establish Miami as the tech capital for the Americas. Organizers have focused every year on connecting companies and organizations from Latin America to bring them to eMerge Americas so that, among other things, they can learn about the possibilities for setting themselves up in Miami, Gonzalez said in an interview. During the two-day event, the Miami Beach Convention Center will be the venue where key figures in the tech world will host teaching seminars, including Wozniak, whom Gonzalez called one of the sectors most important leaders. Having been recognized with assorted awards in the past, including the Hoover Medal bestowed on engineers for careers devoted to the service of humanity, on the first day of the forum Wozniak will talk about his ideas, including how technology will change the future of human beings, as well as tips for businessmen seeking to expand their companies, Gonzalez said. Immediately after Wozniak, Sprint president and CEO Marcelo Claure will take the podium and later participate in the round of conferences, where Uri Levine, the co-founder of the Waze app will also take part. Also to be involved in the activities at the forum will be Gustavo and Adriana Cisneros, with the Cisneros Group, singer Pitbull and journalist Andres Oppenheimer, who will all publicly offer their thoughts to the participants expected to come to Miami Beach from some 60 nations. The forum has also scheduled the Women, Innovation and Technology summit, where Shiza Shahid, the co-founder of the Malala Foundation along with Pakistani activist and Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai will take part. Entrepreneurs are one of the main foci of the forum and so organizers have scheduled an event called the Startup Showcase, where 125 small firms and businessmen will seek to attract investors and win one of the available cash prizes totaling up to $175,000. The forum also includes the Launchpad, where sector innovators will be able to publicize their ideas and products, along with a job fair where more than a dozen companies will be looking for workers. Founded in 2014 by Cuban-American entrepreneur Manny Mendina, eMerge Americas was started to fill a gap in Miami and help transform it into a tech hub targeting Latin America. Miami is the ideal spot for linking the countries of Latin America with the US and Europe, said Gonzalez, adding that over the past few years the forum has established itself as the perfect platform for investors interested in the tech market.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
International Business Times, India Edition Search Home Technology Smartphones OnePlus 3T gets price cut in India ahead of OnePlus 5 launch OnePlus 3T can be bought for Rs. 28,499 instead of the MRP of Rs. 29,999 on OnePlus store using State Bank of India credit card. Rohit KVN   May 30, 2017 09:36 IST OnePlus 3T gets price cut in India ahead of OnePlus 5 launchIBTimes India/Sami Khan Having started the full-fledged teaser campaign for the upcoming OnePlus 5, the Chinese company, probably in a bid to clear stocks, has slashed the price of the current flagship OnePlus 3T in India. Prospective buyers with State Bank of India credit cards can avail Rs. 1,500 cash back on OnePlus 3T on the official website, Oneplustore.in. It can now be bought for Rs. 28,499 instead of the MRP of Rs. 29,999. This is first price cut for the device since its debut in November. This offer is valid only up to June 4. Also read: Apple iPhone 8 rumour alert: Apple's 2017 iPhone launch date, availability details surface online Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5? If you are in urgent need to replace your old phone (due to reasons such as breakage), then it's better to go for OnePlus 3T. If you are patient enough to wait for at least a month, then you can choose to wait for the new phone. OnePlus 3T sports a 5.5-inch full HD display and comes with 6GB RAM, Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core CPU, Android Marshmallow OS, 64GB internal storage, 16MP camera (front & back) and a 3,400mAh battery with Dash Charge technology, which can quickly charge the phone from zero to 60 percent within 30 minutes. Also read: OnePlus 5 round-up: Most expected price, specification and everything you need to know In a related development, OnePlus has confirmed that it will discontinue the sale of OnePlus 3T in select markets, including Europe, from June 1 onwards. However, the marquee OnePlus 3T (both 64GB & 128GB) will continue to be sold in India till the end of 2017, the company officials told the International Business Times, India edition. Key specifications of OnePlus 3T: Model OnePlus 3T Display 5.5-inch full HD Optic AMOLED screen with Corning Gorilla Glass 4, Night mode display option, light/dark theme, accent colours Aspect ratio: 16:9 Pixel density: 401 ppi (pixels per inch) OS Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow-based OxygenOS Processor 2.35GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core (2.35GHz Kryo core x 2 + 1.6GHz Kryo core x 2) CPU GPU Adreno 530 RAM 6GB Storage 64GB/128GB UFS 2.0 Camera Main: 16MP camera with Sony IMX298 senor, 1.12µm lens, OIS (Optical Image Stabilisation), EIS (Electronic Image Stabilisation), f/ 2.0 aperture, PDAF (Phase Detection Auto Focus), 4K video recording, RAW support, slow motion video recording (720p HD) Sapphire crystal lens cover, auto HDR, Dynamic Denoise, manual control, HQ Front: 16MP camera with Samsung 3P8SP sensor, 1.0µm lens, EIS, PDAF, f f/2.0 aperture, smile capture gesture feature, full HD video recording Battery 3,400mAh (non-removable) with Dash Charge technology (5V, 4A) Network 4G LTE (Cat. 6) Add-ons Fingerprint sensor, dual-SIM (type: nano), Bluetooth v4.2, Wi-Fi (802.11 a/b/g/n/ac), GPS/GLONASS, BeiDou, USB 2.0 Type-C port, 3.5mm audio jack, Dirac HD sound, Alert slider, gesture control display (on/off), RGB LED notification light, Dual-microphone with noise cancellation, bottom facing speakers Dimensions 152.7 x 74.7 x 7.35 mm Weight 158 g colours Gun Metal and Soft Gold Price Rs. 29,999 Related ARM launches Cortex-A75, Cortex-A55 CPU series, Mali-G72 GPU; all you need to know Andy Rubin's Essential smartphone launch date revealed; everything you need to know about Apple iPhone 8 challenger Xiaomi Mi 6c specifications leak via GFXBench site Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News WannaCry ransom message finds its roots in China 49 minutes ago By Vinod Yalburgi Lenovo Moto E4, E4 Plus price, launch date, specifications leaked 1 hour ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular These iPhone, MacBook Air, Pro models no longer eligible for Apple repair support Check out the list of all MacBook, iPhone and other Apple products that will be turned obsolete on Friday. India's own GPS IRNSS NavIC made by ISRO to go live in early 2018 ISRO's Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS), also known as NavIC can be utilised for mobile integration, assist in disaster management and many other navigational services. This is how Apple iPhone 8 may look like A purported sketch of the iPhone 8 has been leaked online, giving away the possible design of the flagship device. BSNL satellite service for military, police launched; public to get in 2019 As of now, BSNL's satellite phone service is being offered to military, state police, railways and other government agencies and will launch the same facility for the public in a couple of years. Samsung Galaxy C10 renders, 360-degree video reveal dual-camera setup and other secrets If rumours turn out to be true, the Samsung Galaxy C10 will be the company's first smartphone to feature a dual-camera setup. Judy malware strikes more than 36.5 million Android phones Taking cognizance of the threat, Google has removed all the 'Judy' malware-infested apps from Play store. How will China's Cybersecurity Law affect businesses? China will enforce its Cybersecurity Law early next month and it could cause ripples in several countries, including the US. Nokia 9 vs OnePlus 5: Which upcoming flagship has the potential? Two of the most anticipated flagship smartphones take on each other with their mind-blowing specs. Photo Gallery Sanjjanaa Galrani talks about her role in Dandupalya 2 South Indian actress Sanjjanaa Galrani talks about her role in Dandupalya 2 movie. Actress Poorna in Avanthika movie South Indian actress Poorna in Avanthika movie. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Microsoft researchers are trying to humanize virtual assistants by studying multilingual speech Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc 4 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES HYDERABAD, India — Voice-powered virtual assistants, underpinned by artificial intelligence, like Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa, Google Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana are becoming regular fixtures in people's lives. They're present at homes, on devices and watches and in cars, sending driving directions, weather updates, meeting reminders and the occasional joke or two when prompted. Beyond that, they remain limited in their ability to hold conversations with users, the same way real people might. Efforts are on, however, to use machine learning and real-time big data analytics to make virtual assistants understand multiple languages, accents, contexts and nuances to hold more human-like conversations. Drew Angerer | Getty Images International Data Corporation predicts global spending on cognitive and AI solutions will see significant investments over the next several years, and could achieve a compound annual growth rate of 54.4 percent through 2020. Microsoft, for example, is turning to an unlikely group to bridge the gap between human-machine interactions: bilinguals. Of specific interest is the practice of code-mixing, which is when speakers switch back and forth between multiple languages in a single sentence or conversation. It's commonly found in multilingual societies. A handful of Microsoft researchers in India started Project Mélange, where they are studying the use of code-mixing among Indians online. They are trying to figure out how virtual assistants might be taught to respond to a user switching between, for example, English and Hindi in a conversation. "Compartmentalization of mixed languages (by multilinguals) have gone away with each coming generation," Kalika Bali, a researcher at Microsoft, told CNBC in an interview. "So younger people use mixed languages in more and more phases of their lives." "To have a digital assistant, something like Cortana, you have to be able to understand (the user base)," she said, adding current systems weren't trained to pick up multiple languages in a single conversation. Microsoft's philosophy is that virtual assistants should not be too intrusive on a user's space and time, and only show up when they need to, Sundar Srinivasan, general manager of the AI division in India at Microsoft, said in a recent interview. Srinivasan's team works on Cortana and Microsoft's search engine Bing at the company's development center in Hyderabad. "A personal assistant is only as effective as you want her to be," he said. Cortana is available on Windows 10 and in selected smartphones running on the Windows operating software. It has about 140 million monthly active users versus about 500 million devices currently running Windows 10. The program is not available in many regions, but Srinivasan said Microsoft plans to expand it into other markets and onto more devices in the future. By comparison, Google Assistant is available on both Android and iOS platforms, which support about 99.8 percent of all smartphones in the world. Srinivasan explained that Cortana was not like other Microsoft products such as Office, where the company could add features as and when needed. Instead, Cortana "needs to really understand human beings, and the bar for that is very high because that means we have to train the assistant with lots of human speech data," he said. "It's going to take us time." Bali said the researchers' code-mixing study was inspired by observations from an anthropologist who was looking at the use of technology among Urdu-speaking youth in Hyderabadi slums. They were found using the internet to befriend and interact with girls from Brazil, who primarily spoke Portuguese. English, however, was the primary language for that communication, which piqued Bali's interest and she had asked to see the data collected by the anthropologist. "When I started seeing this data, I saw that not only were they using this very pidgin English kind of thing, but (they were) effectively communicating with each other," Bali said, referring to the type of code-mixing that was happening in these conversations. The team looks at every aspect of code-mixing, including text, speech, understanding and recognition. Bali said they also look at generational variations and why people switch between languages in a single conversation — for example, sometimes it's for humor and at other times it's to change topics. But it may take years before a voice-powered virtual assistant can eloquently switch back and forth in multiple languages to respond to users. The biggest challenge now for Bali and the researchers is getting access to adequate data sets for study. "Trying to solve just mono-lingual natural language processing and understanding has taken years. Now we're talking about mixed stuff and where are we going to get data from?" Bali said. "Because everything is data-driven. And what are we going to do? It just seemed like a very difficult problem to solve but we were all so excited about this that we just went on." Currently, the team uses data collected from Twitter to study how users would switch between languages. Studies, Bali said, already showed Indian men who spoke English and Hindi tended to switch to the latter when they had to express negative sentiments or abuse. Women who are having a conversation in English, however, tended to stick with that language even when the content took a negative turn. Teaching machines to interpret code-mixing could also potentially lead to developments in areas of opinion mining, customization and a better interpretation of nuances and context, Bali said. "I think this would definitely help to bridge the gap in the human-computer interaction. The fact that you can actually talk to a machine the way you would normally talk to your friend is something we still need to wrap our heads around." Saheli Roy ChoudhuryNews Assistant Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change MSFT ---
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Plum/Oakmont Plum High School could provide iPads for freshmen Michael DiVittorio | Monday, May 29, 2017, 9:51 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 5 hours ago Plum school officials may provide freshmen with iPads to start the next school year, after scrapping a plan to provide them to all high school students. District officials in February discussed buying 1,400 of the Apple tablet computers with cases for students in grades nine to 12. One option was a lease-to-own program for three years at an annual cost of $266,000; the other, a one-time purchase for $798,000. The school board in March declined to vote for either option because of financial concerns. But district business manager John Zahorchak said sufficient cuts have been made in the proposed 2017-18 budget for supplies to lease 275 iPads for $70,000. “It's a contract with Apple, so it still has to be board-approved,” Zahorchak said. “It seemed like that was a bipartisan decision (to get iPads).” He said the lease would be for three years, and more cuts would have to be made to pay for the devices in the next two years. The board hasn't approved freshman iPad proposal yet. The lease and the district's final budget are to be considered at a June 20 board meeting. Superintendent Timothy Glasspool said via email that his office cut its communication budget, supply funding and contributions to InPlum, a seasonal publication. He said expenses for paper supplies, high school supplies and school board travel, conferences and supplies also were trimmed to provide students with the technology. “We usually try to get the principals to see where they can reduce things that they may not need, but try not to affect the education programs,” board President Kevin Dowdell said. There currently are 1,600 iPads in the district, with approximately 900 in the hands of sixth- through eighth-grade students. The junior high is in the second of a three-year cycle for the district's iPad initiative. The devices were given to all sixth-graders in 2015-16 and then sixth- through eighth-graders for 2016-17. Dowdell said it made sense to offer iPads to freshmen because they already were using the technology, and the district may expand the iPad program to sophomores, juniors and seniors in future years. Students would be able to take the iPads home daily, but return them to the district at the end of the year. Board member Steve Schlauch said iPads should not be part of next year's spending plan. “I think the iPads are good for the kids,” he said. “At this point we have major issues with our finances and shouldn't spend any more than we have to. I don't think we should have them in the budget. We're still in the red.” Michael DiVittorio is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 412-871-2367. .or mdivittorio@tribweb.com. Related Content Plum school leaders consider adding Apple iPads Plum school officials are considering expanding the district's iPad program to the high school. Proposals to purchase 1,400 devices with cases from Apple so every student ... 7 tricks that make your iPhone or iPad better Most iPhone and iPad users know that their gadgets will recharge about 25 percent faster if they put them in Airplane Mode and plug them ... More Plum Fun in the Sun 5K set for Saturday at Plum High School Plum High School holds Remake Learning Days Riverview property owners face possible tax hike Life skills students enjoy running Plum's student store Security increased at Plum High School after Snapchat threat TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Guentzel's late goal bails out Penguins after they squander 3-0 lead in Game 1  Gorman: Malkin goal serves as spark in Penguins' victory  Penguins' Saucier eyes a key challenge again in Game 1 win over Predators  Featured Photography Best of the NHL Eastern Conference Finals A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple These are the chips that will make next year’s smartphones the fastest ever Chris Smith BGR News May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The Galaxy S8 may not be able to beat the iPhone 7 and iPhone 6s in speed tests, but it still delivers remarkable performance. The phone is the first one to offer users new 10nm chips from Qualcomm and Samsung, the same kind of chip technology that will be found in various other flagship handsets this year, including the iPhone 8. But chip manufacturing process is only part of the story. Sure the smaller chips get the more efficient and the faster they become, but these mobile chips are all based on ARM designs. So whenever ARM releases new chip designs, it’s good news for smartphone lovers. Don't Miss: Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff ARM did exactly that at Computex — it announced a couple of new processors that are likely going to power next year’s phones, including the Galaxy S9 that Samsung is already working on. These chips are the ARM Cortex-A75 that will likely be used by Qualcomm, Samsung, TSMC, and others to create flagship mobile chips, and the Cortex-A55 that will power many of the future mid-range handsets. Finally, there’s also a new Mali-G72 graphics processor for next year’s phones. As expected, all these chips are more efficient and faster than previous iterations. But ARM’s new silicon is getting ready to embrace the future. That means the company optimized its new chips for machine learning (ML), artificial intelligence (AI), augmented reality (AR), and virtual reality (VR), which are going to become core technologies for smartphone makers, if they don’t already are. One interesting evolution of ARM’s chip designs is the new Dynamiq CPU that affects big.Little technology going forward. In the past, device makers would have to pair a similar number of big cores with small cores. That’s how you end up with eight-core designs such as the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 in the Galaxy S8. Going forward, Dynamiq will let companies mix and match the big and little cores as they see fit. Future eight-core chips may feature one big core and seven small ones, a design that could offer increased efficiency and reduce costs. The Cortex-A75 chip offers double-figure performance across the board, according to The Verge. That means 22% better than the A73, 16% higher memory throughput, and a 34% bump in Geekbench scores. The chip is 20% faster in single-core use, and it’s optimized for future Windows-based laptops that will be built on ARM devices. The A55 will also be faster than its predecessor, with ARM expecting a 10-30% improvement, up to 15% better power efficiency, and up to 18% faster single-thread performance. Finally, the Mali-G72 is supposed to be 17% better than the G71 in ML benchmarks. The GPU is 25% more energy efficient than its predecessor, and offers 20% better performance density. The first chip designs based on ARM’s latests innovations are expected to hit the market next year, and we definitely expect the Galaxy S9 to be one of the devices that will make use of ARM’s new chips. Trending right now: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices Amazon’s 12 best daily deals: $10 off Echo Dot, glowing fidget spinners, video doorbell, more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Mark Zuckerberg: The most important thing I built at Harvard Yahoo Tech This is the best photo of the Model 3 interior we’ve seen yet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Zuckerberg to Harvard grads: 'You have to create a sense of purpose for others' Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech The most important announcements from Google's big developers' conference Yahoo Tech A widely praised Supreme Court decision still doesn't fix the broken patent system Yahoo Tech Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech This RoboCop car comes with an intruder-chasing drone as a sidekick Yahoo Tech Uber inadvertently underpaid New York City drivers for over two years Yahoo Tech Intel’s new Core i9 sounds like a monster BGR News No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pinterest now uses AI to figure out what you're eating in photos Yahoo Tech Now I get it: Ransomware Yahoo Tech Sprint’s LG G6 deal is good, but Best Buy’s is even better BGR News How to avoid the massive WannaCry ransomware attack Yahoo Tech 'Prey' review: You'll never be more afraid of a coffee cup Yahoo Tech
Tech Startup News, Events & Resources menu News News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s News Announcements Breaking News Funding Channels 3D Printing Cloud Storage Dev & Design Ecommerce Ecosystems Gadgets Marketing Mobile Productivity Reports & Rankings Sharing Economy Wearables Cities Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Boise Boston Charleston Chicago Dallas DC Denver Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami New York City Pittsburgh Portland ME San Diego San Francisco Seattle Events SXSW 2017 Events Startup of the Year Tech.Co Events INNOVATE! & CELEBRATE Industry Events Ecosystem Accelerator Coworking spaces Hackathon Incubator Jobs Resources Books Finance Healthy Entrepreneur Productivity Tips & How To’s jobs 8 Tech Companies Helping You Make Money Online Jobs Kenneth Burke @@BurkeWriter May 23, 2017 12:50 pm 0 Shares Maybe you need extra cash, maybe you want more, or maybe you’re just looking for a better way to spend your spare time. Whatever your needs, these eight tech companies are here to help you make money online, some even provide new career opportunities! Shoppable Sure you can make money from your blog by using Google Adsense, but there’s a less obtrusive way to make some money. Shoppable is like affiliate marketing on steroids, as it allows you to create an ecommerce store where you can to sell products on your blog without having to maintain inventory. Their Universal Checkout function makes it easy to sell any of the 25,000,000+ items from the Shoppable’s marketplace, or your own products, while providing your audience a good experience. CoFare You don’t have to be Insta-famous to sell products on social media. CoFare gives you the chance to earn commissions from products you promote on your various social profiles. Merchants register their products on the site, and you get paid whenever friends or followers purchase. You can also invite your favorite businesses (local or not) to register on CoFare, so you can promote their products. For many, this can be way to make extra money doing the same thing you’d do anyway – sharing things you enjoy with friends, family, and followers. Apple (At Home Advisor) Apple certainly isn’t the first big company to offer easy remote work opportunities (nor will they be the last). But given Apple’s vast following, this can be a great opportunity for a lot of people to make money online. The entry level position mostly involves answering customer service and support messages, and even part-time advisors get company benefits. What’s special about this opportunity is that you also get the chance to work your way higher up in the company, instead of just, say, working part time for extra dough. UserTesting If you’re someone who enjoys learning about new brands or trying new products, this could be a great fit for you. Brands are always trying to create better user experiences for their websites, apps, and programs and UserTesting is a platform that pays you to give your 2 cents. To get paid, you spend 20 minutes using a site or product, sharing your thoughts out loud, and videoing your process. You get $10 for every video, which means you could make an extra $30/hr online! Read more ways to make money with your laptop Blog Mutt Most marketers understand how important content is for their brand, but a lot of them don’t have the time or resources to create content in house. That’s where Blog Mutt comes in. You can register as a writer on the platform, and create blog posts for brands who need them. Think of it like a step or 2 up from Fiverr, and just for writers. You start out getting paid a few bucks per post, and the more you create, the more you’ll earn per post. JustAnswer People will always have questions, and JustAnswer is a way for experts to get paid to answer those questions directly. You can choose to work whenever you want for however long, and all you need to do is answer questions in real-time as they come into the system. Payment varies depending on your niche (e.g. tech, healthcare, law, general, etc.), but JustAnswer seems to be one of the more profitable ways to make money online, especially for those with advanced degrees or several years of experience in one area. Leapforce (Search Engine Evaluator) We all turn to Google dozens of times a day for answers and resources. So why not get paid to help make that experience better for everyone? Through Leapforce, you can earn money by critiquing Google search results for accuracy and relevance. It’s an analytical position, but comes with clear guidelines. If you’re a bit techie and looking to make money online, what better way than by helping the Google giant itself? Rev Words are beautiful things, and, as digital natives, we’ve got plenty of experience typing them. Rev gives you the opportunity to make money off of this seemingly innate skill. The company is always looking for flexible contractors to help them with their audio and video transcription services. All you need to do is take a screening test, and upon passing you’ll be able to transcribe recordings on your time to make a few extra bucks. These tech companies can help you earn more money, find a new hobby, and may even open the door to bigger opportunities down the road. Read about how to find the job of your dreams at Tech.Co Tags: Apple, blogger, content writer, Gear & Gadgets, Make Money Online, Money, online, side hustle, tech companies, work at home, Writer Did you like this article? No Yes Get more delivered to your inbox just like it! Sign Up! Sorry about that. Try these articles instead! Kenneth Burke Kenneth is a writer, marketer, and creative type. Check out his website at kennethburkewriter.com ! 0 Shares - 2 - 1 Leave a Reply Cancel Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Submit About Buy the Book Contributor FAQ Services Get Involved Got a News Tip? Startups Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Jobs in Tech Shop
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Mobile Tech / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants 2. Amazon Charts and the Book Industry 3. Fitness Trackers May Be Out of Step 4. Business Travel Without Laptops? 5. Tech Used to Stop Sex Assaults MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE TECH 1. T-Mobile Debuts Digits 1-Number Svc 2. Intel To Expand Thunderbolt 3 Reach 3. Business Travel Without Laptops? 4. New MS Surface Pro Lasts 13.5 Hours 5. HP Launches New Premium Laptops NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Park opens to employees in April “Steve was exhilarated, and inspired, by the California landscape, by its light and its expansiveness. It was his favorite setting for thought. Apple Park captures his spirit uncannily well,” said Laurene Powell Jobs. “He would have flourished, as the people of Apple surely will, on this luminously designed campus.” “Steve invested so much of his energy creating and supporting vital, creative environments. We have approached the design, engineering and making of our new campus with the same enthusiasm and design principles that characterize our products,” said Jony Ive, Apple’s chief design officer. “Connecting extraordinarily advanced buildings with rolling parkland creates a wonderfully open environment for people to create, collaborate and work together. We have been extremely fortunate to be able to work closely, over many years, with the remarkable architectural practice Foster + Partners.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Next PostNext Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Clips, a new app from Apple that makes it easy to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad, is now available as a free download on the App Store. The app provides an all-new way to produce quick, engaging videos to share with friends or family through the Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook and other social networks. Clips’ simple, single-screen interface lets users make polished, multi-clip videos in minutes without video editing timelines, tracks or complicated tools to learn. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Next PostNext Championing Change at Russell McVeagh Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation The report also highlights the latest information about Apple’s global forestry partnerships. This year, through its partnership with WWF in China, Apple has transitioned approximately 320,000 acres of forest in China toward Forest Stewardship Council certification. This advancement means, in just two years, the company has now reached its goal of protecting and creating enough sustainably managed forests to cover all its packaging needs. Apple’s forestry work is just the beginning of its efforts to conserve the world’s precious resources. The company also announced the ambitious goal of creating a closed loop supply chain, where products are built using only renewable resources or recycled material. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious iPad Pro artist illustrates NBA stars Next PostNext Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple launches app development curriculum for high school and community college students The curriculum will be offered by the Alabama Community College System, Columbus State Community College, Harrisburg Area Community College, Houston Community College, Mesa Community College and San Mateo Community College District, among others. Select high schools across the country will also be teaching the App Development with Swift curriculum starting this fall. Houston Community College is opening an iOS Coding and Design School that will teach Apple’s new curriculum. “The world calls Houston a knowledge capital because of the incredible concentration of ideas and innovation in our great city,” said Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner. “Apple’s investment in our community with the launch of the app development curriculum will tap into the creativity of our students, inspire new possibilities and foster our culture of technological transformation.” “We are focused on preparing our students for life in a global and technological society, and in 2017 that means making sure our students have access to a state-of-the-art coding curriculum,” said Houston Community College Chancellor Cesar Maldonado. “We are thrilled Apple is offering this incredible opportunity to advance student learning, which will especially help us bridge the gap in computer science training for minorities and women. We can’t wait to see what these students will do and already have local businesses offering mentoring and internship opportunities.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” launches worldwide Next PostNext Apple Orchard Road opens in Singapore Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman New Music Apps from Apple Transform iOS Devices into Handheld Studios for Songwriters &amp; Beatmakers CUPERTINO, California — January 20, 2016 — Apple® today announced a new addition and a major update to its family of music-making apps for iOS that make it easy for people to tap into their musical potential and create incredible music no matter where they are. An all-new app called Music Memos lets musicians and songwriters quickly capture, organize and develop their musical ideas right on their iPhone®. And a major update to GarageBand® for iOS introduces multiple new features, including Live Loops, a fun way for anyone to make music like a DJ using only their iPhone or iPad®. “Musicians around the world, from the biggest artists to aspiring students, use Apple devices to create amazing music; the innovative new Music Memos app will help them quickly capture their ideas on iPhone and iPad whenever inspiration strikes,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “GarageBand is the most popular music creation app in the world, and this update helps everyone easily tap into their musical talent with the powerful new Live Loops and Drummer features, and adds support for the larger iPad Pro screen and 3D Touch on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.” “Sometimes ideas come faster than I can get them into my notebook so I’ve used Voice Memos and Notes to quickly capture songs before they’re lost. Music Memos is like if those two apps came together to form some kind of superpower for songs,” said Ryan Adams, critically acclaimed singer-songwriter and producer. “It quite literally blew my mind how Music Memos could transform a single guitar idea into a whole composition with a virtual drummer loose enough that it felt like you were having your mind read by some A.I. musician and a choice of stand-up or electric bass accompaniments.” “I recorded my first album using GarageBand and I continue to use it in my music today,” said T-Pain, Grammy Award-winning artist and producer. “I love how the new Live Loops in GarageBand lets me quickly build tracks and beats, and even perform effects like a musical instrument. It’ll change the way an entire generation makes music.” Musicians and songwriters around the world have used the Voice Memos app on their iPhone to quickly record ideas, and many hit songs first started as Voice Memos. The new Music Memos app is inspired by Voice Memos and takes the functionality even further by adding musician-friendly features designed specifically for songwriting and developing musical ideas. With Music Memos, you can record any musical instrument through the iPhone’s built-in microphone in a high-quality, uncompressed format, then name, tag and rate it to start building a library of your ideas. The app can analyze rhythm and chords of acoustic guitar and piano recordings, and instantly add drums and a bass line to provide a virtual, customizable backing band that plays along to match the feel of your song. Music Memos can even provide basic notation that displays the chords that were played. With iCloud® your Music Memos are automatically available across all your Apple devices so you can open them in GarageBand or Logic Pro X℠ to further develop your songs. Musicians can easily share their ideas via email or with their fans through Apple Music™ Connect. For more information about the new Music Memos app, visit, www.apple.com/music-memos. GarageBand for iOS is the world’s most popular mobile music creation app, and the new GarageBand 2.1 update introduces Live Loops, an entirely new and intuitive way to create amazing music. Inspired by DJ hardware controllers and drum machines, Live Loops makes it easy for anyone to create music by simply tapping cells and columns in a highly visual grid to trigger different looped instruments and samples. The loops can be performed, arranged and remixed live, and GarageBand automatically keeps all the beats in sync with perfect time and pitch. To get you started, Live Loops comes with a library of Apple-designed loop templates in a variety of genres including EDM, Hip Hop, Dubstep and Rock, or you can create your own loops from scratch.  GarageBand 2.1 for iOS also includes the new Drummer feature with nine EDM and acoustic virtual session drummers that provide their own signature sound, as well as an expanded selection of amps for bass players. Advanced GarageBand users can now create even more dynamic and polished sounding songs using new automation features, controls recording and a new simple EQ. GarageBand 2.1 looks stunning on the expansive 12.9-inch Retina® display on the new iPad Pro™ and gives you access to even more controls and room to play. And on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the app now supports 3D Touch, allowing you to play with more expression. For more information about the new GarageBand for iOS, visit, www.apple.com/ios/garageband. Pricing & Availability  Music Memos is available for free on the App Store® and is compatible with iPhone 4s and later, and iPad 2 and later. GarageBand 2.1 for iOS is bundled free with new iOS devices 32GB and larger, is available as a free upgrade for existing users with compatible iOS 9 devices or later, and is available to everyone else for $4.99 via the App Store. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Colin Smith  Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171 Starlayne Meza Apple starlayne@apple.com (408) 974-3391   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Record-Breaking Holiday Season for the App Store Next PostNext Apple Opening Europe’s First iOS App Development Center in Italy Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple &amp; SAP Partner to Revolutionize Work on iPhone &amp; iPad CUPERTINO, California and WALLDORF, Germany — May 5, 2016 — Apple® and SAP today announced a partnership to revolutionize the mobile work experience for enterprise customers of all sizes, combining powerful native apps for iPhone® and iPad® with the cutting-edge capabilities of the SAP HANA platform. This joint effort will also deliver a new iOS software development kit (SDK) and training academy so that developers, partners and customers can easily build native iOS apps tailored to their business needs. “This partnership will transform how iPhone and iPad are used in enterprise by bringing together the innovation and security of iOS with SAP’s deep expertise in business software,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “As the leader in enterprise software and with 76% of business transactions touching an SAP system, SAP is the ideal partner to help us truly transform how businesses around the world are run on iPhone and iPad. Through the new SDK, we’re empowering SAP’s more than 2.5 million developers to build powerful native apps that fully leverage SAP HANA Cloud Platform and tap into the incredible capabilities that only iOS devices can deliver.” “We’re proud to take this special partnership between Apple and SAP to a groundbreaking new place,” said Bill McDermott, CEO of SAP. “In giving people an agile and intuitive business experience, we empower them to know more, care more and do more. By combining the powerful capabilities of SAP HANA Cloud Platform and SAP S/4HANA, together with iOS, the leading and most secure mobile platform for enterprise, we will help deliver live data to people wherever and whenever they choose to work. Apple and SAP share a commitment to shaping the future, helping the world run better and improving people’s lives.”  The companies plan to deliver a new SAP HANA Cloud Platform SDK exclusively for iOS that will provide businesses, designers and developers the tools to quickly and efficiently build their own iOS apps for iPhone and iPad, based on SAP HANA Cloud Platform, SAP’s open platform as a service. These native apps will provide access to core data and business processes on SAP S/4HANA, while taking full advantage of iPhone and iPad features like Touch ID®, Location Services and Notifications. A new SAP Fiori for iOS design language will take the award-winning SAP Fiori user experience to the next level by combining it with a consumer-grade iOS experience to deliver on the robust user needs in the enterprise and enable developers to build next-generation apps. To help SAP’s 2.5-million member global developer community take full advantage of the new SDK and Apple’s innovative hardware and software, a new SAP Academy for iOS will offer tools and training. The new SDK, design language and academy will begin rolling out before the end of the year.  As a part of the partnership, SAP will develop native iOS apps for critical business operations. These apps for iPhone and iPad will be built with Swift™, Apple’s modern, secure and interactive programming language, and will offer a familiar user experience with the SAP Fiori for iOS design language. Workers across industries will be empowered to access the critical enterprise data, processes and user experience they need to make decisions and take action right from their iPhone or iPad through apps designed to enable a field maintenance worker to order parts or schedule service, or a doctor to share the latest patient data with other healthcare professionals. As market leader in enterprise application software, SAP helps companies of all sizes and industries run better. From back office to boardroom, warehouse to storefront, desktop to mobile device – SAP empowers people and organizations to work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively to stay ahead of the competition. SAP applications and services enable approximately 310,000 business and public sector customers to operate profitably, adapt continuously, and grow sustainably. For more information, visit www.sap.com. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. Press Contacts: Scott Behles SAP scott.behles@sap.com  (917) 494-2009 Ryan James Apple ryanj@apple.com (408) 862-5585 CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish Next PostNext Apple Celebrates Chinese Music with GarageBand Update Search Recent Posts Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency Market 2013 NDP-Green accord is promising news for B.C.s clean growth future Cardiac Rehabilitation Market 2016 Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2024 Selkirk College Student Lands $80,000 Scholarship from UBC Casting and Splinting Market 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Readdle Brings Split View Drag & Drop to Their iPad Apps iOS 11: iPad Wishes and Concept Video Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager This week's sponsor Trails Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch Trails is Your GPS Tracker and Logbook for iPhone & Apple Watch [Sponsor] By John Voorhees When you start your next outdoor adventure, make sure you bring along Trails. Trails is a GPS tracker and logbook that gathers statistics like altitude, ascent and descent, speed, pace, and duration. It also includes topographic maps available for offline use when you have no data connection. Soon, Trails will add a dashboard display with summary statistics and graphs of your activities using a customizable date range and with optional filtering by tags. Trails takes advantage of the latest Apple hardware and features like 3D Touch, Spotlight search for tracks and waypoints, Siri to start and end a trip, a Today Widget, and AirDrop sharing. In addition, with a Series 2 Apple Watch, you can start recordings, use it as a second screen to display live statistics, and gather heart rate and calorie data. Trails features a wide array of ways to export and share the data you collect like integration with Apple’s Health app, GPX export, the ability to upload to Trails.io to share your trips, like the hike through San Francisco embedded above, local WiFi sharing, and full database backups. You’re in full control of your data. You don't have to signup for anything to get started, your data isn’t uploaded anywhere without your permission, and there are no ads to get in the way. Trails has a special promotion for MacStories readers. Trail is giving away 10 one-year subscriptions to Trails Pro. Just enter your email address here by 9:00 pm US Eastern time on June 4, 2017. Winners will be selected randomly and be given a code that they can redeem for the one-year subscription by contacting the Trails team. Our thanks to Trails for sponsoring MacStories this week. Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Membership Sponsor RSS → Apple Honors JFK on 100th Anniversary of his Birth » May 29, 2017 ⌘ Permalink Apple: At Apple, we share the same vision of leadership through service, courage, innovation, and inclusion that guided John F. Kennedy’s presidency. Together with the JFK Library, we’ve curated a collection of learning materials and activities to help commemorate his centennial year and inspire the next generation of leaders. The page is full of free content about JFK, including a collection of media in iTunes, speeches and more. Nicely done. Post navigation ← Previous Post RSS Sponsor: Balance Balance is a powerful menubar app for your money built by a team from Apple, Stripe and Ethereum. It was featured in the U.S. Mac App Store when it launched in February.     Become a Member I've been writing here for almost nine years, but the next decade of 512 Pixels requires your support. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. YouTube | Apple History |Archive | Contact Manage your account. copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Håkan Dahlström Apple ruthlessly targets Android in trio of new ads Mike Wehner @MikeWehner May 29th, 2017 at 2:08 PM Share Tweet Apple regularly boasts about how many of its new iPhone customers were previously Android users, and CEO Tim Cook has brought up the statistics during earnings calls on numerous occasions. Now, in an effort to make those figures even more impressive, the company just launched a trio of new TV spots aimed directly at getting Android users to jump ship in favor of the iPhone. Curiously, you won’t actually see an iPhone in any of them. Don't Miss: New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for The short ads, each running no more than 15 seconds in length, are presented in the simple “them and us” style that Apple has had good luck with ever since the “I’m a Mac, and I’m a PC” series. In all three ads, the screen is split between “Your Phone” and “iPhone,” with bad things happening on one side, and much better things happening on the iPhone half. The three ads focus on performance, security, and the actual act of switching devices, showing a glitchy animation being corrected by the iPhone, a robber failing to break into the iPhone half of the screen, and contacts jumping from “Your Phone” to the iPhone. What’s particularly interesting about the ads is how you never actually see an iPhone at all. Like the old “I’m a Mac” ads, the aim here isn’t to directly sell any specific product, but simply to make sure you know that if you don’t own an iPhone, you’re not getting the best experience possible. Whether or not you — or any Android users in your life — will buy into that is anyone’s guess. Tags: Ads, Android, Apple View Comments Trending 1 Tech New leaks show the iPhone 8 design we’re hoping for 2 Tech Leaked images show Samsung’s all-new, non-exploding Galaxy Note 7 3 Tech New ‘Judy’ malware on Android may have infected 36 million devices 4 Tech Leak says the OnePlus 5 is set to launch very soon 5 Tech Tesla releases list of Model 3 premium features, including an optional glass roof Picked For You Swiss watchmaker trolls Apple with $27,000 Apple Watch knockoff By Chris Smith 2 days ago Your Galaxy S8+ will last more than 2 days per charge with this $30 battery case By Maren Estrada 12 hours ago The little box that lets you control anything with Alexa is back on sale on Amazon By Maren Estrada 9 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Tech Trends / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Fitness Trackers May Be Out of Step 2. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? 3. Cyclones Churn Over Jupiter's Poles 4. New CEO Wants Ford Fit and Fun 5. NZ Test Rocket Makes It to Space MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN TECH TRENDS 1. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? 2. Qualcomm Showcases EV Charging 3. Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants 4. IBM Launches Blockchain Accelerator 5. Google Unveils Latest Tech Tricks SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Tech Trends / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants 2. Amazon Charts and the Book Industry 3. Serena Williams Goes to Silicon Valley 4. T-Mobile Debuts Digits 1-Number Svc 5. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN TECH TRENDS 1. What Type Service Bot Do You Like? 2. Qualcomm Showcases EV Charging 3. Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants 4. IBM Launches Blockchain Accelerator 5. Google Unveils Latest Tech Tricks NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR TUESDAY MAY 30 Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants The stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Alexa, Siri, Cortana and Google's Assistant. Fitness Trackers Out of Step When Measuring Calories Scientists put seven consumer fitness devices through their paces, comparing their data with lab measurements. While they did well on monitoring heart rate, calorie counting was unreliable. Business Travelers Ponder Flying Without Laptops Microsoft's Beam Game Streaming Service Gets Mixer Makeover Schools Using Smart Phone Technology Against Sex Assaults T-Mobile Debuts Digits: One Phone Number, Multiple Devices CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users MOBILE TECH TODAYCIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAY HOMELAPTOPS & TABLETSMOBILE PHONESMOBILE GADGETSMOBILE APPSMOBILE SECURITYBYOD & MDMMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware MOBILE TECH Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants Posted May 29, 2017 EARLIER What's New in Firebase? More News from Google I/O 2017 THIS STORY Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants LATER Heavy Duty Delivery Drones Coming YOU ARE HERE:   HOME MOBILE TECH THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Bob ODonnell. Updated May 29, 2017 10:43AM SHARE ALSO SEE Microsoft Cortana Apple Siri Google Home Amazon Alexa Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car , where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS TUESDAY MAY 30 Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants The stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Alexa, Siri, Cortana and Google's Assistant. Fitness Trackers May Be Out of Step   Business Travel Without Laptops?   Microsoft Beam Gets Mixer Makeover   Tech Used to Stop Sex Assaults   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE TECH Business Travel Without Laptops? T-Mobile Debuts Digits 1-Number Svc Intel To Expand Thunderbolt 3 Reach New MS Surface Pro Lasts 13.5 Hours Apple, Samsung Lose Phone Share INSIDE MOBILE TECH TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saf... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 29, 2017 | 1:14pm EDT COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saft (The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters) By James Saft May 29 Even in the age of “superstar firms,” the logic of index investing holds. New research details how a small number of companies - think Google, Amazon and Apple - have come to dominate their sectors, capturing a growing share of revenues and helping to create an economy featuring high corporate profits but a lower share of the pie for workers. Economists David Autor, David Dorn, Lawrence Katz, Christina Patterson and John Van Reenen find that industries have become more concentrated and while what they call “superstar firms” pay well, they make extraordinary profits. The net impact across the economy, perhaps as other firms struggle to compete, is that workers’ share of GDP falls. (economics.mit.edu/files/12979) Commentators have concentrated on the economic, social and policy implications of superstar firms but the investment ones are also interesting, and not obvious. While you might think that the trick to investing in an economy with a few winners and many also-rans is to identify the Amazons and buy them, this, of course, is much more easily done looking backward than looking forward. One problem is that the research finds that the concentration rises in industries with faster technological change. While fast technological change seems to bring big winners and concentration - see Facebook, it also brings with it the risk that companies will be supplanted by other technology in the future. Indeed, one of the named superstar firms is Wal-Mart, which as a mostly physical retailer is now seeing its own position hollowed out by the likes of Amazon. Or consider IBM, which surely would once have been thought of as a superstar but which now is notable more for its fondness for share buybacks than its strong returns as a stock. The reality is that a winner-take-all-society is a risky society, and that applies as much to investors as it does to college graduates or mid-career workers. It simply is not as simple as just figuring out who is 'winning' and climbing on board. A concentrated bet on superstar firms is very likely highly risky, not just in theory, as are all concentrated bets, but also in practice due to the rate of technological change. CAPTURING GROWING MARGINS VIA THE INDEX Index investing, in contrast, will allow investors to be exposed to the rising, or persistently high, corporate margins which are a feature of a more highly concentrated economy. In other words, and sadly, the wise bet may not be on Amazon or Facebook, per se, but against labor. While rising concentration and falling wages are new, it has long been a fact that the vast majority of the money made on the stock market comes via a tiny number of firms which skyrocket in value. Hendrik Bessembinder of Arizona State University calculated in a recent study that just 86 stocks have, over 90 years, accounted for $16 trillion in wealth creation, or about half the total of wealth created by the entire universe of companies over that period. The other 26,000 or so stocks created the other $16 trillion of wealth, but even that is a misleading guide to how well an individual stock might do. The top 1,000 stocks, or less than 4 percent of all companies traded over 86 years, account for all wealth creation. “The results also help to explain why active strategies, which tend to be poorly diversified, most often underperform,” Bessembinder wrote in a draft study updated in May. (here) It is notable too that superstar firms have risen, and wages fallen, during a period with rising globalization and a political and regulatory backdrop which allowed it to happen. It may well be that Google, Amazon and Facebook face new political and regulatory roadblocks to maintaining their position. This certainly is already true in China. So your choices boil down to these: 1 - Try to identify some of the 86 superstars in advance. Good luck with that. 2 - Buy stocks you think are among the 86 after they so prove and hope they hold their position. This strategy misses out on all of the gains these few superstar firms make before it dawns on you they’ve arrived. It also exposes you to huge risks that they are in turn supplanted. 3 - Buy a broad stock market index, including earlier-stage companies, and slowly build wealth by collecting the equity risk premium and allowing it to compound. The logic of choice 3 should hold as the balance between profits and labor evolves. (Editing by James Dalgleish) ) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on May 30 (Adds company news items, futures) May 30 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 11 points at 7,537 on Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures 0.29 percent lower ahead of the cash market open. * ICAG: British Airways expects to run a full flight schedule at London's Heathrow on Tuesday after a worldwide computer system failure at the airline stranded 75,000 passengers over a holiday weekend, the airport said on Monday. GLOBAL MARKETS-Greece, Italy uncertainties dent euro, Asian stocks, lift yen * Euro weakens on fears Greece may forego next bailout payment LSE to buy Citi's fixed-income analytics and index operations for $685 mln May 30 London Stock Exchange (LSE) has agreed to buy Citigroup's fixed-income analytics platform and index business for $685 million in cash, the companies said on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE This iPhone 8 Mockup Looks Gorgeous Amazon Introduces First 4K TV With Built-In Fire TV and Alexa [Video] Extra_Recipe + YaluX Jailbreak for iPhone 7 Updated With Substrate and iOS 10.0.x Support Samsung Unveils Stretchable OLED Display [Video] iPhone May Have Saved Woman's Life in Manchester Attack Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] Apple Maps Updated With 3D View of Apple Park Klocki is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] 2015 iPhone 6s Beats 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 in Speed Test [Video] Apple is Working on Dedicated AI Chip Known as the 'Apple Neural Engine' [Report] Apple Opens Orchard Road Retail Store in Singapore [Photos] TSMC Sources Say New iPhone Has No Home Button, 18.5:9 Display Microsoft Releases Mixer Interactive Live Streaming App for iOS [Video] Watch This Week's 'The New Yorker' Cover Being Drawn on an iPad [Video] Apple Updates Final Cut Pro With Minor Bug Fixes and Stability Improvements Apple Updates iMovie for Mac With Fix for Volume Issue After Transitions Instagram Direct Gets Support for Portrait and Landscape Orientation, Plus Links Apple Posts Three New 'Switch to iPhone' Ads [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 14 hours ago by iClarified · 3357 views · Translate Apple has posted three new 'Switch to iPhone' ads following the launch of a new webpage that aims to help Android users make the switch. The is the second installment of video ads posted to YouTube. Apple posted five similar ones last week. Check those out here. Security: Access to the latest updates keeps your iPhone secure. Life’s easier when you switch to iPhone. Smooth: We design the hardware and the software so your iPhone just works. Life’s easier when you switch to iPhone. Contacts: Switch to iPhone. The Move to iOS app makes it simple to move your contacts, photos, and more to iPhone. Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment D4xM4Nx - 35 minutes ago Android phones get so slow over time... Fragmentation is a joke so support is non existent, the iPhone is the best smartphone out there. Period. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Dill - 10 hours ago The glitchiness and speed of my first and last android phone is exactly how it's depicted here. I couldn't be any happier now being away from it. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam HonestTech - 8 hours ago Try a pixel Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Shares Three New Ads in 'Switch to iPhone' Campaign Monday May 29, 2017 9:15 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple today shared a new "Contacts" ad on its YouTube channel as part of its ongoing "Switch to iPhone" campaign. The 15-second spot shows people jumping from "your phone" to "iPhone," with the tagline "it's that easy" and a link to Apple's new Switch website. The overhauled webpage promotes how easy it is for Android users to switch to iPhone using the free Move to iOS app on the Google Play store. Apple also shared "Smooth" and "Security" ads with an emphasis on the iPhone's security updates and hardware and software that "just works." Apple shared five other "Switch to iPhone" ads in the series last week: Photos, Jump, Fast, Privacy, and Music. Tag: Apple ads [ 127 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) BuddyTronic 14 hours ago at 09:46 am Still not switching. So you are still not switching but you are one of the first 7 posts on this thread? Rating: 21 Votes otternonsense 14 hours ago at 09:46 am Then make an iPhone worth switching to, Apple. Not another rehash of the iPhone 6 with a patchy iOS. Said as a 100% iPhone user since 3G (and largely disillusioned since iPhone 5S) Rating: 19 Votes AJ5790 15 hours ago at 09:33 am Still not switching. Thanks for the announcement. Rating: 19 Votes symphara 15 hours ago at 09:32 am Still not switching. Rating: 18 Votes rp2011 14 hours ago at 10:01 am Great ads. Google is a great company, but Android is junk. Absolute junk. Rating: 9 Votes anton_usa 14 hours ago at 09:46 am These advertisements make me cringe Rating: 9 Votes nvmls 15 hours ago at 09:20 am *sigh.. facepalm* Rating: 8 Votes Seandroid 14 hours ago at 09:50 am The "security" one made me laugh. Rating: 8 Votes Lopes 14 hours ago at 09:58 am Those ads are ****ing terrible. Among the worst Apple have ever made. They tell you absolutely nothing about why the iPhone is any better than an alternative. Rating: 7 Votes rmbpuser 14 hours ago at 09:39 am This did it for me. I'm switching! Rating: 7 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Maps Now Shows Apple Park 3D Models, Campus Walkways 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple has quietly updated its Maps app to include additional 3D coverage of the new Apple Park campus location in Cupertino, California. The enhanced detail includes a "Map" view with... 29 comments U.S. Could Expand Tablet and Laptop Ban to All International Flights 20 hours ago on iOS Blog The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is considering expanding its carry-on restrictions for electronic devices to include flights departing from the United States, according to CNN. In... 79 comments Apple's Last 17-Inch MacBook Pro Set to Become Obsolete 21 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will soon make the Mid-2011 MacBook Air and Late 2011 MacBook Pro obsolete, meaning the two models will no longer be accepted for official repair in Apple Stores from June 30. The... 66 comments Siri Bug Allows Cellular Data to be Disabled From Lock Screen Without a Passcode 3 days ago on iOS Blog A reddit user has discovered what appears to be a Siri-related bug that allows access to a locked iPhone's Cellular Data options without a passcode. As shown in the screenshot below, when... 80 comments Review: Apple's Beddit Sleep Monitor Offers a Comprehensive Look at Sleep Quality 4 days ago on iOS Blog Earlier this month, Apple purchased its first company that develops health-related hardware, Beddit. Beddit makes an iPhone-connected Sleep Monitor that tracks a wide range of sleep-related metrics,... 24 comments TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Steredenn, Fidget Spinner Apps, Prison Architect, and More 4 days ago on iOS Blog In case you missed the post last week, once again this is Eli Hodapp, and I'm Editor in Chief of MacRumors' iOS gaming sister site TouchArcade. We're putting together these weekly... 5 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Copy of 'Total War: WARHAMMER' From Feral Interactive 4 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Feral Interactive to give MacRumors readers a chance to win a copy of real-time strategy game Total War: WARHAMMER, which became available for... 5 comments Best Buy Memorial Day Sale Savings on Apple Watch, Mac Notebooks, 9.7-Inch iPad Pro, and More 4 days ago on iOS Blog Best Buy today launched a four-day-long Memorial Day sale that has markdowns on quite a few Apple products, including Apple Watch, iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPad, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. The... 27 comments • Bear 1.2 Brings Sketching, New Icons, and VoiceOver to Note-Taking App (6) • Feral Updates 'Sid Meier's Railroads!' for macOS Compatibility (30) • Magikarp Jump Launches as Latest Pokémon Game for iPhone and iPad (17) • Microsoft Announces 'Mixer Create' iOS App for On-The-Go Live Streaming of iPhone Games (6) • New Images Provide Detailed Glimpse Into Apple Orchard Road in Singapore (27) • New Qualcomm Court Filing Wants iPhone Suppliers to Pay Royalties Amid Battle With Apple (44) • Readdle Adds Cross-App Drag and Drop Functionality to Documents, PDF Expert, Scanner Pro and Spark on iPad (19)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Waking Mars' , 2012 Game of the Year, Gets Update for 64-Bit Compatibility Check Out These Behind-the-Scenes Images of 'Vignettes' 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Wants You to Catch the Bouquet in its Latest Event Budget Un'Goro Decks, Wild Tournament Talk, Twitch Streamers and More 'Hearthstone' Weekly News in 'Touchstone' #99 Best iPhone Game Updates: 'Onirim', 'Fallout Shelter', 'Nimian Legends: BrightRidge', 'Disney Magic Kingdoms', and More Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 7 Despite low buying power, India with its population of 1.32 billion people represents a massive marketing opportunity for the increasingly popular smartphone payment services. Small wonder that the Cupertino company now appears to be preparing to bring its own mobile payments service to its customers in India, said a new report. Apple Pay currently works in sixteen major markets. According to a BusinessStandard article, the iPhone maker has submitted at least five applications with the Indian Patent office over the past year, all related to its digital payments system. The patent applications range from using biometrics to authenticate payments to securely transferring payment to a device such as a point of sale device. While Indian law clearly states that software is intrinsically not patentable, exceptions exist for devices with software. If Apple’s patents are granted, Apple Pay could hurt homegrown digital payments firms such as Paytm, Mobikwik, Freecharge and several others. Samsung Pay launched in India in March 2017, while Google plans to bring Android Pay there later this year by anchoring the service to the government-backed Unified Payments Interface. Last week, Facebook made a patent application of its own with the Indian Patent office. It outlines a digital wallet service that would presumably be integrated into its popular Messenger and WhatsApp messaging services. Apple has been doubling down on the Services category as a way to boost sales of iPhones in India and elsewhere. Recently, the firm began assembling iPhone SE in Bangalore, in a facility run by its supplier Wistron, marking the first time the cupertino company has assembled any iPhone model in the country. Tagged: Apple Pay India Mobile Payment News Patent Rumors MORE FROM iDB “Apple Cash” money transfer service and virtual prepaid cards due in 2017? Apple Pay could launch in Germany soon Apple granted patent for iPhone-compatible Apple Pencil Aman kapoor About Damn Time. but as an Indian must say. it’ll be really hard for them to take over Paytm or mobikwik. not everyone here has credit cards. as far as I know. Apple Pay doesn’t support debit cards. most cad transactions require an OPT that is sent to the user via SMS. I don’t think apple will be able to fix that if they can manage to introduce Apple Pay and get rid of the OTP issue with debit cards, then that’ll be great Agneev Apple Pay does support debit cards. About the OTP thing, yes that’s not secure and a pain in the a*s. Abhinav Chaudhary I use debit card on my apple account. Agneev I swear to God, this post made my day. I love you Apple and you too, Tim! Abhijeet Gupta Thank you . Much needed. Luiz Claudio Eudes Corrêa I’m still waiting for Apple Pay launch in Brazil, any information or rumor about it? We already have (in a very limited way) Samsung Pay and will have Google Pay until the end for this year. 90% os Points of Sales here already support NFC payment, but almost no card have this here and Samsung Pay is very limited on what card it supports. Leopoldo Pereira Nothing! Since patience is a virtue, we, brazilians, can only hope for the best. Who knows at the end of this year. Fingers crossed! Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to change iPhone keyboard layout Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Video: Samsung’s stretchable AMOLED prototype display in action Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations Accessories New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd Introduces Cordless Lithium-Ion Power Tools Batteries for Greenworks That Can Be Charged In Minutes without Any Negative Memory Effect The newly developed Lithium-Ion batteries can be charged in no time and give enough power to use a device to complete a task without any hindrance. Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd specializes in designing and manufacturing powerful rechargeable batteries and chargers, which can be used in many practical applications. They have now introduced Lithium-Ion lawn more batteries that are perfect for greenwork and can be charged in minutes. According to the spokesperson of the company, the newly developed Cordless Lithium-ion power tools batteries are ideal for the busy people of the modern times. At the same time, people who travel frequently will find these batteries very useful for them. One can charge these batteries in a few minutes. The spokesperson reveals that in just a few minutes, the 4000mAh lithium-ion batteries can supply enough power for using a device and completing a necessary task. These batteries can be charged with no negative memory effects, and thus the peak power can be maintained even after hundreds of charging cycles. The company also brings After market Apple laptop batteries that are compatible with different MacBook Air models. These Li-polymer batteries are more suitable for powering Apple laptops and enjoy a power supply to keep using the laptops for hours without any trouble. With 35wh capacity, these batteries can provide enough power to a MacBook device. These are non-removable batteries with 7.3V voltage and can be charged very quickly to keep using the Apple Laptop to carry out any important task. Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd also has a wide range of Portable power bank chargers in their stock. These power banks can be used in mobile phones, laptops, cars and USB powered devices. The 40000mAh Power bank is available in aluminum case with an LED screen. With a net weight of 820g, the power bank is available in a silver color compact case. The power bank ensures availability of power for different devices on the go and makes sure one can keep using his/her devices without any difficulty. One can learn more about the newly developed Lithium-Ion lawn more batteries and other products the company supplies by visiting the website: http://www.knytech.com About Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd, established in 2005, is a high-tech manufacturing and trading combo for Li-ion and Li-Polymer batteries, including mobile batteries, digital camera batteries, Apple laptop batteries, power tool batteries and OEM battery packs. They also supply Power supply chargers, including backup battery charger, power tool chargers and power banks. Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd is committed to provide professional, fast, patient sales. Their products are highly appraised by high-end and mid-end clients around the world.  Media Contact Company Name: Shenzhen KNY Battery Industrial Co.,Ltd Contact Person: Daisy Peng Email: sales@knytech.com Phone: +86-0755-82772785 City: Shenzhen Country: China Website: http://www.knytech.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Computers & Software, Electronics & Semiconductors, Marketing & Sales, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Heavy Duty Conveyor Belts 2017 Market Segmentation,Application,Technology & Market Analysis Research Report to 2022 Next PostNext The 2017 Streaming Awards Show Opens for Nominations Search Recent Posts EnXray Hires Commercial Director Polyetherimide(PEI) Market Segmentation, Manufacturing Cost Analysis Including Key Raw Materials, Price Trend, Key Suppliers and Forecast 2022 Plastic Optical Fiber(POF) Market Competitive Landscape, Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Business Strategies 2022 New Report of High Purity Magnesium Chloride Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Fused Silica Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Regional Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Wearable Fitness Products Market Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Demand and Forecasts Report to 2022 Wearable Fitness Products Market The Global Wearable Fitness Products Market Research Report 2017 renders deep perception of the key regional market status of the Wearable Fitness Products Industry on a Global level that primarily aims the core regions which comprises of continents like Europe, North America, and Asia and the key countries such as United States, Germany, China and Japan. Request for sample of Wearable Fitness Products Market research report @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/request-sample/386997 The report on “Global Wearable Fitness Products Market” is a professional report which provides thorough knowledge along with complete information pertaining to the Wearable Fitness Products industry a propos classifications, definitions, applications, industry chain summary, industry policies in addition to plans, product specifications, manufacturing processes, cost structures, etc. The potential of this industry segment has been rigorously investigated in conjunction with primary market challenges. The present market condition and future prospects of the segment has also been examined. Moreover, key strategies in the market that includes product developments, partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, etc., are discussed. Besides, upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also conducted. Report Includes:- The report cloaks the market analysis and projection of “Wearable Fitness Products Market” on a regional as well as Global level. The report constitutes qualitative and quantitative valuation by industry analysts, first-hand data, assistance from industry experts along with their most recent verbatim and each industry manufacturers via the market value chain. The research experts have additionally assessed the in general sales and revenue generation of this particular market. In addition, this report also delivers widespread analysis of root market trends, several governing elements and macro-economic indicators, coupled with market improvements as per every segment. Furthermore, the report contains diverse profiles of primary market players of “Wearable Fitness Products Market”. Global Wearable Fitness Products market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Wearable Fitness Products sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Apple, Samsung Electronics, Huawei, Sony Corporation, Xiaomi Technology, LG Electronics, Fitbit, Garmin, GoogleJawbone, Adidas, Nike, Pebble Technology, Qualcomm On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Smartwatch, Wristband, Smartshoe, Smart Shirt/Jacket, Headband/Smartcap, Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Wearable Fitness Products for each application, including Children, Adults, Old People Detailed TOC and Charts & Tables of Wearable Fitness Products Market Research Report available @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/report/global-wearable-fitness-p… The report is generically segmented into six parts and every part aims on the overview of the Wearable Fitness Products industry, present condition of the market, feasibleness of the investment along with several strategies and policies. Apart from the definition and classification, the report also discusses the analysis of import and export and describes a comparison of the market that is focused on the trends and development. Along with entire framework in addition to in-depth details, one can prepare and stay ahead of the competitors across the targeted locations. The fact that this market report renders details about the major market players along with their product development and current trends proves to be very beneficial for fresh entrants to comprehend and recognize the industry in an improved manner. The report also enlightens the productions, sales, supply, market condition, demand, growth, and forecast of the Wearable Fitness Products industry in the Global markets. Every region’s market has been studied thoroughly in this report which deals with the precise information pertaining to the Marketing Channels and novel project investments so that the new entrants as well as the established market players conduct intricate research of trends and analysis in these regional markets. Acknowledging the status of the environment and products’ up gradation, the market report foretells each and every detail. So as to fabricate this report, complete key details, strategies and variables are examined so that entire useful information is amalgamated together for the understanding and studying the key facts pertaining the Global Wearable Fitness Products Industry. The production value and market share in conjunction with the SWOT analysis everything is integrated in this report. Check for Discount @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/check-discount/386997 Some points from TOC:- 9 Global Wearable Fitness Products Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Apple 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Apple Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Samsung Electronics 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Samsung Electronics Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Huawei 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Huawei Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 Sony Corporation 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 Sony Corporation Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Xiaomi Technology 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Xiaomi Technology Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.6 LG Electronics 9.6.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.6.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.6.2.1 Product A 9.6.2.2 Product B 9.6.3 LG Electronics Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.7 Fitbit 9.7.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.7.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.7.2.1 Product A 9.7.2.2 Product B 9.7.3 Fitbit Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.8 Garmin 9.8.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.8.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.8.2.1 Product A 9.8.2.2 Product B 9.8.3 Garmin Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.9 Google 9.9.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.9.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.9.2.1 Product A 9.9.2.2 Product B 9.9.3 Google Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.10 Jawbone 9.10.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.10.2 Wearable Fitness Products Product Category, Application and Specification 9.10.2.1 Product A 9.10.2.2 Product B 9.10.3 Jawbone Wearable Fitness Products Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.11 Adidas 9.12 Nike 9.13 Pebble Technology 9.14 Qualcomm Enquiry before Buying @ www.qyresearchgroups.com/send-an-enquiry/386997 QY Research Groups is a company that simplifies how analysts and decision makers get industry data for their business. Our unique colossal technology has been developed to offer refined search capabilities designed to exploit the long tail of free market research whilst eliminating irrelevant results. QY Research Groups is the collection of market intelligence products and services on the Web. We offer reports and update our collection daily to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and current database of expert insights on Global industries, companies, products, and trends. Email- sales@qyresearchgroups.com Web- www.qyresearchgroups.com Follow Us: LinkedIn | Twitter| Facebook This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cost Saving Opportunities for the Global Business Valuation Services Market: Technavio Next PostNext Secure Digital (SD) Memory Cards 2017 Global Key Players SanDisk, Kingston, Toshiba, Panasonic, Lexar, SAMSUNG, Transcend, PNY Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Smart Camera Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Global Hoppers Market 2017 Competition, Status And Forecast, Market Size By Players, Regions, Type, Application 2017 Hydraulic Rotary Actuators Sales Market Research Report: Global Analysis -2022 Riassunto: World Bedwetting Day Steering Committee: nuove linee guida globali richiedono una terapia più efficace per l’enuresi, una condizione frequente dalla quale è affetto 1 bambino su 151 Riassunto: World Bedwetting Day Steering Committee: nuove linee guida globali richiedono una terapia più efficace per l’enuresi, una condizione frequente dalla quale è affetto 1 bambino su 151 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 21 mins S&P 500 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Dow 30 21,080.28 -2.67 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,210.19 +4.94 (+0.08%) There's no such thing as a tablet that can replace your laptop Steve Kovach Business Insider May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos samsung galaxy bookMore (The Samsung Galaxy Book.Steve Kovach/Business Insider) You were promised better than this. When the modern tablet era kicked off seven years ago with the first iPad, Steve Jobs famously pitched it as an in-between device, something to use when you didn't want to squint at your phone's tiny screen or do serious work on your laptop. It was a decent value proposition, and the iPad sold like hotcakes. Eventually, the narrative shifted. Tablets wouldn't just be good for lean-back content consumption, we were told, they'd eventually replace the laptop for good. Microsoft has toyed with the concept since the Surface's debut in 2012, calling it "the tablet that can replace your laptop." Apple followed suit a few years later with the iPad Pro, and has recently run a series of ads pitching it as a better solution than a laptop. And over the last two years we've seen several tablet/laptops from a variety of manufacturers, all of them chasing the promise of a laptop killer. The problem? It doesn't work. Despite all the pitches and promises that each company has cracked the code for that dreamy device that can be all things to everyone, the result is always a niche product that's one part mediocre laptop and one part mediocre tablet. Don't believe the hype. While these tablet/laptops might be fine for frequent travelers and some other minor use cases, they're not good for the average person. The latest in the category is the Samsung Galaxy Book, a $1,200 tablet that runs the full version of Windows 10. I've been testing one for the last several days. It comes with a 10 or 12-inch screen, keyboard cover, stylus, and some of Intel's best processors. On paper, it's impressive that you can now cram a full Windows computer into this form factor. In reality, it's a clunky solution, and it falls into the same traps as every other device in the category. Even though I'm going to talk about the Galaxy Book specifically, a lot of this applies to its competitors, ranging from the Surface Pro to the iPad Pro. No matter what a gadget maker tries to tell you, there's no such thing as a tablet that can replace your laptop. Using it as a laptop Unlike the soon-to-be-released Surface Pro, the Galaxy Book comes with a keyboard cover. And that's a good thing. Apple and Microsoft make you spend an extra $130, which is borderline insulting to sell the device as a laptop replacement, but make you pay more for that luxury. When it comes to typing and using the trackpad, the Galaxy Book's folio keyboard works just fine. The trackpad is surprisingly accurate for a Windows machine, and the keys are comfortable to type on, even though they feel a bit plasticky. Beyond that, the Galaxy Book runs smoothly. I wish it had a bit more RAM and storage options, but I didn't experience any major performance issues. By that measure, it should serve most people just fine. There really is something appealing about having a full PC in such a tight package. Unfortunately, there are far too many tradeoffs. The form factor simply doesn't work as a laptop replacement. The keyboard folio that attaches to the tablet provides limited viewing angles, forcing you to strain your neck. And it's a disaster to use on your lap thanks to the floppy plastic construction. The Galaxy Book constantly fell over because the folio was unable to support the weight of the tablet on my legs. It only worked on a flat, hard surface. It's just not as good as the metal or sturdy plastic builds you get with laptop keyboards. View photos samsung galaxy bookMore (This thing does not hold up in your lap.Steve Kovach/Business Insider) Using it as a tablet Of course, the benefit with the Galaxy Book is supposed to be that you can use it as a tablet when you want. But Windows has never been a good tablet operating system, and it doesn't have a vibrant touch-friendly app ecosystem like iOS or Android. Windows is still about getting things done, and a lot of the apps you'd want to use are available, but the Windows app store is still shockingly barren after all these years compared to iOS and Android. Read More And again, the form factor is a problem. Tablets make great reading devices and mini TVs, but the Galaxy Book weighs in at a hefty 1.7 pounds. It's uncomfortable to hold for extended periods of time. Good luck getting through a full-length movie. Stick with what works While there are plenty of Surface fans out there, I have a feeling the category will remain niche. The portability is great, but the form factor isn't. The touchscreen is great, but the apps just aren't there. The problems keep adding up. From the Surface to the iPad Pro to the Galaxy Book, I have yet to use a tablet/laptop hybrid that convinces me this category has any real legs. There are too many tradeoffs, too many caveats. There's no better combination than a really great laptop and a big-screen smartphone for everything else when you're on the go. NOW WATCH: 6 things the iPhone can’t do that Android phones can More From Business Insider Microsoft just introduced a new $800 MacBook Air competitor with 13.5 hours of battery life Here’s what’s new, and what’s not new, in Microsoft’s latest Surface Pro RANKED: The best iOS keyboards Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Galaxy S8 Sales Should Satisfy Samsung Forbes The Eve V is the USB-C Surface Pro that Microsoft won’t make The Verge Pick up a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro for $150 off at B&H today only BGR News This ex-Googler got backing from Peter Thiel and Max Levchin to build a LinkedIn killer CNBC LG G7: News and Rumors Digital Trends Here’s how much you need to save each month to become a millionaire in 20 years CNBC What every investor needs to do during the next bear market Yahoo Finance Baristas say that Starbucks is ignoring a huge problem that is impacting sales Business Insider Samsung’s new Galaxy is a hardware beast Yahoo Finance Video What Goldman Sachs can learn from the US Army Yahoo Finance Tesla’s former Autopilot head is launching a self-driving-car company — and it could have a big advantage Business Insider Jobs and housing — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance McConnell juggling diverse demands on Republican health bill Associated Press What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video YouTube thought a giant American flag wasn’t 'advertiser friendly' Yahoo Finance Here’s One Credible Reason to Doubt the Russia-Kushner Story The Fiscal Times Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' bctallis: 3 days later he apologizes for something that HE fueled. He is repulsive. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple CEO Tim Cook Tweets in Honor of Memorial Day Monday May 29, 2017 8:06 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple CEO Tim Cook has shared a brief message on Twitter in honor of Memorial Day, a federal holiday in the United States for remembering those who have died in the country's armed forces. "We honor the heroes who gave their lives for our freedom," he said. "They and their families have our eternal gratitude." We honor the heroes who gave their lives for our freedom. They and their families have our eternal gratitude #MemorialDay— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 29, 2017 Apple gives many of its corporate employees in Cupertino the day off today, but a number of Apple retail stores remain open. U.S. stock markets are also closed today. Apple closed at $153.61 on Friday. Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts. Tags: Tim Cook, Memorial Day [ 54 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) AmazingHenry 16 hours ago at 08:07 am Is MacRumors really this desperate for news? Rating: 24 Votes gnasher729 15 hours ago at 08:37 am Tim, you want to honor freedom? How about paying your overdue taxes and corroborating with government agencies tasked with the responsibility of protecting us from terror. I think "corroborating" doesn't mean what you think it means. As far as cooperating is concerned, the NSA (who should know best of all US agencies) has said repeatedly that breaking people's security is overall damaging to national security. And then they proved the point by not being able to keep their own exploits out of the hand of hackers, who among others attacked the British health service. Using exploits stolen from the NSA. Rating: 20 Votes Zirel 16 hours ago at 08:24 am Tim, you want to honor freedom? How about paying your overdue taxes and corroborating with government agencies tasked with the responsibility of protecting us from terror. Apple doesn't have any overdue taxes. This pseudo-argument doesn't work. In fact, it's Denmark and their lefty agitators that need to pay their NATO bill. Rating: 14 Votes Porco 15 hours ago at 08:40 am I'm not even American, and frequently have philosophical differences with US foreign policy from the politicians, but I have the utmost respect for anyone who is willing to risk (and sadly in many cases lose) their lives defending the freedom and security of others. So well said Tim Cook, and I'd urge people here to just pause and consider whether posting a snarky comment this time is maybe just that one time too many.... ? I echo Cook's thoughts and my heart and respect goes out to anyone who has lost someone making the ultimate sacrifice for the noblest of reasons, just as the UK commemorates fallen heroes in a similar fashion at other times. Rating: 12 Votes Vandam500 16 hours ago at 08:09 am Is MacRumors really this desperate for news? Agreed Rating: 12 Votes bbnck 16 hours ago at 08:12 am Why is a tweet by someone front page news? Rating: 11 Votes mikecorp 16 hours ago at 08:32 am I hate when macrumors tweets a tweet. Get a grip ... :eek: Rating: 8 Votes Sunny1990 16 hours ago at 08:10 am My salute to those who gave their lives for our freedom :- Well done Tim Cook!!.But Now better focus on "technology" Rating: 6 Votes jasonklee 16 hours ago at 08:22 am Tim, you want to honor freedom? How about paying your overdue taxes and corroborating with government agencies tasked with the responsibility of protecting us from terror. Rating: 5 Votes blackcrayon 15 hours ago at 09:26 am Imagine if Cook was as committed to his CEO/technologist role as with his virtue signalling publicity chase. Yeah, if he were Apple might be the most valuable company in the world. Rating: 5 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 MacBook Air June 2017? iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Apple Maps Now Shows Apple Park 3D Models, Campus Walkways 20 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple has quietly updated its Maps app to include additional 3D coverage of the new Apple Park campus location in Cupertino, California. The enhanced detail includes a "Map" view with... 29 comments U.S. Could Expand Tablet and Laptop Ban to All International Flights 20 hours ago on iOS Blog The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is considering expanding its carry-on restrictions for electronic devices to include flights departing from the United States, according to CNN. In... 79 comments Apple's Last 17-Inch MacBook Pro Set to Become Obsolete 21 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple will soon make the Mid-2011 MacBook Air and Late 2011 MacBook Pro obsolete, meaning the two models will no longer be accepted for official repair in Apple Stores from June 30. The... 66 comments Siri Bug Allows Cellular Data to be Disabled From Lock Screen Without a Passcode 3 days ago on iOS Blog A reddit user has discovered what appears to be a Siri-related bug that allows access to a locked iPhone's Cellular Data options without a passcode. As shown in the screenshot below, when... 80 comments Review: Apple's Beddit Sleep Monitor Offers a Comprehensive Look at Sleep Quality 4 days ago on iOS Blog Earlier this month, Apple purchased its first company that develops health-related hardware, Beddit. Beddit makes an iPhone-connected Sleep Monitor that tracks a wide range of sleep-related metrics,... 24 comments TouchArcade iOS Gaming Roundup: Steredenn, Fidget Spinner Apps, Prison Architect, and More 4 days ago on iOS Blog In case you missed the post last week, once again this is Eli Hodapp, and I'm Editor in Chief of MacRumors' iOS gaming sister site TouchArcade. We're putting together these weekly... 5 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Copy of 'Total War: WARHAMMER' From Feral Interactive 4 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Feral Interactive to give MacRumors readers a chance to win a copy of real-time strategy game Total War: WARHAMMER, which became available for... 5 comments Best Buy Memorial Day Sale Savings on Apple Watch, Mac Notebooks, 9.7-Inch iPad Pro, and More 4 days ago on iOS Blog Best Buy today launched a four-day-long Memorial Day sale that has markdowns on quite a few Apple products, including Apple Watch, iPhone 7, iPhone SE, iPad, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. The... 27 comments • Bear 1.2 Brings Sketching, New Icons, and VoiceOver to Note-Taking App (6) • Feral Updates 'Sid Meier's Railroads!' for macOS Compatibility (30) • Magikarp Jump Launches as Latest Pokémon Game for iPhone and iPad (17) • Microsoft Announces 'Mixer Create' iOS App for On-The-Go Live Streaming of iPhone Games (6) • New Images Provide Detailed Glimpse Into Apple Orchard Road in Singapore (27) • New Qualcomm Court Filing Wants iPhone Suppliers to Pay Royalties Amid Battle With Apple (44) • Readdle Adds Cross-App Drag and Drop Functionality to Documents, PDF Expert, Scanner Pro and Spark on iPad (19)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Waking Mars' , 2012 Game of the Year, Gets Update for 64-Bit Compatibility Check Out These Behind-the-Scenes Images of 'Vignettes' 'Fire Emblem Heroes' Wants You to Catch the Bouquet in its Latest Event Budget Un'Goro Decks, Wild Tournament Talk, Twitch Streamers and More 'Hearthstone' Weekly News in 'Touchstone' #99 Best iPhone Game Updates: 'Onirim', 'Fallout Shelter', 'Nimian Legends: BrightRidge', 'Disney Magic Kingdoms', and More Even More Rants - The TouchArcade Show #308 YouTube Is the 10.5-inch iPad coming at WWDC? Apple’s Self-Driving Car Spotted on 101 in Palo Alto Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts In time for iPhone 9, TSMC’s 7nm tech moving to volume production in 2018 Christian Zibreg on May 29, 2017 1 Chip foundry Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), which counts Apple as its biggest client, is ready to move its cutting-edge seven-nanometer process technology to volume production in 2018. According to DigiTimes, an improved version of TSMC’s seven-nanometer process using extreme ultraviolet technology will be ready for volume production in 2018, according to company co-CEO CC Wei. The firm’s five-nanometer node is slated to enter risk production in 2019, Wei added. TSMC currently makes A10 chips for iPhone 7 and is said to be exclusively churning out the upcoming Apple-designed A11 processors for iPhone 8 and other 2017 iOS devices. TSMC in April reportedly began stockpiling A11 chips for 2017 iPhones. The firm should step up its pace of inventory building from June onward, said industry sources. iPhone 8’s A11 system-on-a-chip should be built on TSMC’s ten-nanometer process technology, yielding faster performance and lower power consumption. The A11 Fusion chip inside iPhone 7 is being manufactured on TSMC’s 16-nanometer node. Apple is building a brand new chip dedicated to artificial intelligence and machine learning, Bloomberg said recently, but it’s unclear if the new chip will make its way into iPhone 8. Tagged: A12 Apple Chips DigiTimes iPhone iPhone 9 Manufacturing News Production Rumors Semiconductors TSMC MORE FROM iDB Apple suppliers prepping to stockpile A11 chips for upcoming iPhones TSMC to build Apple’s in-house designed AMOLED driver chips for 10th Anniversary iPhone TSMC resolves manufacturing woes, kicks off production of A11 chips for upcoming iPhones and iPads Jason Mulder You mentioned “the A11 Fusion chip on the iPhone 7”. Should be A10 fusion Featured Latest Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend Daily Deals: Memorial Day Edition The best 4K monitors Minority Report, World War Z and other iTunes movies on sale right now How to change iPhone keyboard layout Apple shares 3 new ‘Switch to iPhone’ ads Patent applications suggest Apple may be preparing to bring Apple Pay to India Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia Video: Samsung’s stretchable AMOLED prototype display in action Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: LaunchInSafeMode, Thumbtack, & more… Classic makes notification banners look more like they did prior to iOS 10 Minimalists can put the Settings app on a diet with SkinnySettings Vibrancy makes your Lock screen clock subtler Tweet your Now Playing music from anywhere with NPTweet Apps Apple could open app development facility in Indonesia SpotAngels, Ditty, Gaia GPS, and other apps to check out this weekend How to post images to Instagram via mobile web You can now order photo books and archive images on Google Photos Instagram Direct now lets you send links and images in landscape and portrait orientations Accessories New images show iPhone 8 dummy wrapped in a protective case The best 4K monitors Apple releases AirPods firmware 3.7.2 Upcoming HomeKit support will let you voice-control your Ikea smart lighting Check out Nike’s four new Sports bands for Apple Watch Deals 1Voice Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds 3.0 for $44 Moskito: Smartphone App Controlled Airplane for $44 Cisco CCNA CCENT / ICND1 (100-105): The Complete Course for $49 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot May 30, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Mobile  >   Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words Mobile SEO 29 May 17 | Pete Campbell Facebook0 Linkedin33 Google+20 Twitter 53 “Hey Siri, remind me to invent you in 30 years” In 1987, Apple came up with the idea of a “Knowledge Navigator”. You can see the full video here, but it’s a concept that’s remarkably – and perhaps, not coincidentally – similar to our modern smart device assistants, Siri among them. Its features included a talking screen, reacting to vocal commands to provide information and sort calendars. In theory, we’re there, 30 years later – though the reality doesn’t always quite match up to the dream. Even when it does work, voice hasn’t always been exactly what people were looking for. The thing most adults said they wish their voice search systems could do was find their keys (though teens said they most wished it could send them pizza). Although we’re getting to the stage where that’s possible now, the majority of developments in voice have been voice search – talking to your phone to find out information. Showing search results for “Why can’t you understand me, you stupid phone” But while talking to a device can be a better experience than playing around with a virtual keyboard on a phone or a physical one on a computer, there are two major issues with voice search. The first is that it’s still clunky. Half the time you have to repeat yourself in order to be understood, particularly if the word you’re trying to get across is slang or an abbreviation of some sort, which is to say, the default sort of language you’d think would be fitting for “conversational” search. It doesn’t feel smooth, and it doesn’t feel effortless – and that pretty much removes the point of it. The other is that it simply doesn’t add value. A voice search isn’t achieving anything you couldn’t do by simply typing in the same thing. But recently, we’ve seen developments to the voice control industry, starting with Alexa. At this point, everyone’s familiar with the Echo and its younger sibling, the Echo Dot – it’s been in adverts, our friends have it, maybe we have it ourselves. The Alexa devices were among Amazon’s best-selling products in 2016, especially around Christmas, and the trend doesn’t show significant signs of slowing. But if we’ve had Siri since 2011, why is Alexa picking up so much traction now? The answer is that it’s not voice search. It’s voice commands. Alexa is more exciting and satisfying for users because it provides an action – you speak to it and something happens. You now can order a pizza – or an Uber, or a dollhouse. That’s what people have been wanting from their devices – the ability to control the world around them by talking to it, not just have an alternative to a keyboard. Ultimately, the commands are more personal. You can go on a website and order a pizza, and you can customise it and pay for it and it’ll show up, but talking to Alexa is akin to saying to your friend “Order a pizza?” (Except Alexa won’t stop mid-phone call to ask you what the other topping you wanted was). Where the majority of mobile voice commands are used for search, Alexa’s use cases are dominated by home control – 34% of users have Alexa play music, just under 31% get her to play with the lights, and 24.5% use it as a timer. While Siri and the Google Voice Search system are both examples of narrow AI like the Echo, they make much more limited use of its capabilities – compared to Alexa, Google is not OK, and Siri can say goodbye. “OK Google – who would win in a fight, you or Alexa?” Alexa’s success has put Google into catch-up mode, and they have been making some progress in the form of Google Home. Early reviews suggest that it might actually be the better product – but it lacks the market momentum of the Amazon product, and it seems unlikely that the sales will be on an even footing for a while yet. However, Google does have the advantage of some high-end technology, namely Alphabet DeepMind. DeepMind itself is the company name, but the more familiar connection is the technology the company produces. DeepMind are responsible for the program AlphaGo that beat the world’s foremost Go player 4 – 1, as well as a neural network that can learn how to play video games with the same approach as humans do. DeepMind can offer Google systems their machine learning experience – which means that Google Home’s technology might have more room to start leaning towards Deep AI in the future. Your device will be able to start adapting itself to your needs – just don’t ask it to open the pod bay doors. “Watson – what wine would you recommend with this?” The other major contender in the AI race has only just started dipping into the B2C commercial market, and not nearly to the same scale as Alexa or Google Home. IBM Watson has, however, won Jeopardy!, as well as found places in healthcare, teaching, and weather forecasting – essentially, absorbing a great deal of information and adapting it for different uses. Watson is now used by The North Face, for example, to offer contextual shopping through conversational search. Users answer questions, and Watson suggests products based on the answers. Likewise, Bear Naked uses Watson to “taste test” their customized granola system for the user, so once you’ve designed your meal, it can tell you if you might want to cut back on the chocolate chips. AI is a competitive market – and it’s a market synergizing with conversational and voice search to bring us ever closer to the computer from Star Trek, and even beyond it. For now, however, narrow AI is the market – and that means optimizing sites for it. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin33 Google+20 Twitter 53 Related articles How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 3: detecting and remedying issues Taming the local search beast in a post-Possum and Fred world What does Google's "Project Owl" mean for search and fake news? Google I/O: What's going on with Progressive Web Apps? SE-OK Google Voice search means that people are searching much more conversationally than they used to. The best way to accommodate that in your SEO strategy is to give more attention to your long-tail keywords, especially the questions. Questions are opportunities best met with in-depth, mobile-friendly guides that offer information to your customers and clients. But this also applies when it comes to using apps in the way that Alexa and Google Home do. People aren’t just making voice searches now – they’re also making voice commands. With that in mind, to rank for some of these long-tail keywords, you need to start optimizing for action phrases and Google-approved AI commands like “search for [KEYWORD] on [APP]”, as well as carefully managing your API, if you have one. And it is worth having one, in order that you can integrate fully with these new devices. You can break down the structure of common questions in your industry to optimize your long-tail keywords for devices. You’ll also need to look into deep-linking to optimize your apps for search. Deep-linking allows searchers to see listings from an app directly on search, and open the app from those search rankings, making for a smoother user experience. Search results show your app data and link directly into the app This is only going to become more important over time – Google have just announced that they’re opening up their technology, “Instant Apps”, to all developers. Instant Apps mean that if the user doesn’t have the app, it can “stream” the page from the app anyway. It’s not a stretch to imagine that before long Alexa won’t need Skills to complete commands – so long as you’ve properly set up your API to work with search. Siri, likewise, already has SiriKit, which allows developers to build markup into their apps that Siri can read. “Alexa – What’s the Best Way to Deal with AI?” Voice search is a growing part of the search industry. But it’s not the biggest opportunity of it. Rather, companies should be focusing on integrating voice actions into their strategy – by deep-linking their apps, ranking for long-tail keyword questions, and making sure everything they want a customer can do, they can do with their voice. Pete Campbell is Managing Director at Kaizen. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 2: autoplay and audio Mobile video is a major up-and-coming trend in content, with brands everywhere converging on the new and lucrative mobile video market. In Part 2 of our three-part series, we'll look at the contentious subject of autoplaying videos and their impact on mobile webpage performance, as well as how audio can delay page speed. Mobile Video 19 May 17 | Andy Favell International SEO: 5 ways to scale performance The Internet offers brands an unprecedented way to reach their customers across borders, but reaching different populations requires an understanding of what people want and then producing content to meet these needs. As you get started with your international SEO strategy, here are five ways you can scale your practices to maximize your potential. Local SEO 17 May 17 | Jim Yu How marketers can position their company to grow with Generation Z Compared to millennials, who were mobile pioneers, Gen Z teens - current 13-17 year olds - are mobile natives. A report by Think With Google has shed some light onto their habits, preferences, and what type of marketing they respond to best. Industry Mobile 15 May 17 | Amanda DiSilvestro How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 1: data and download speed Video content is top of the agenda for many brands. It is proving a great way to engage customers and visitors, but when viewed on mobile devices, often video should come with a health warning. Why does mobile video impact page performance, and what can be done about it? Mobile Video 12 May 17 | Andy Favell Tags Alexa | Amazon Echo | digital assistants | Google Assistant | Google Home | Siri | voice search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/05/29/optimizing-for-voice-assistants-why-actions-speak-louder-than-words/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2021 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Driver, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Key Vendors, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Opportunities, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Shares, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global HPLC Accessories 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends & Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts Capillary Underfill Material Sales Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Regional Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts to 2022 Ferrosilicon Market: Recent Study Including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Polyamide 12 (PA 12Nylon 12) Market Report 2017: Evonik, Arkema, EMS-Grivory New Report of Aragonite Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Angular Position Sensors Sales Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
null
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Popular Chinese lesbian dating app removed from internet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Mon May 29, 2017 | 5:19pm IST Popular Chinese lesbian dating app removed from internet BEIJING A popular Chinese dating app for lesbians has been shut down, along with its website and main social media account, just as the gay community celebrates Taiwan's decision giving same-sex couples the right to marry, a first for Asia. The app, Rela, set up in 2012, has around 5 million registered users, a cached version of its entry on Apple's iTunes site shows. But users began noticing last week that the app, along with its Twitter-like Weibo account and website, was no longer accessible, according to users posting on Weibo under the hashtags #rela and #relahasbeenblocked. The service was temporarily suspended due to an "important adjustment in service," Rela told users on its WeChat app account. "Rela has always been with you and please await its return!" it added, but gave no details of why it was suspending service. "This is discrimination against us lesbians," wrote one user on Weibo. "Not being able to open it feels like being jilted," wrote another. It was not immediately clear why Rela has been shut down. The company did not respond to an email seeking comment. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Internet regulator the Cyberspace Administration of China also did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment on Monday, which is a national holiday. In the past, the government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including Western sites such as Facebook and Google's main search engine and Gmail service. It is not illegal to be gay in China, although the country regarded homosexuality as a mental disorder until 2001. Many large cities have thriving gay scenes, but gay individuals still face a lot of family pressure to get married and have children. Gay activists say deeply conservative attitudes towards homosexuality in some parts of society have contributed to occasional government clampdowns. In April, another gay Chinese dating app, Zank, was also shut down after operating for about four years. In a message on its Weibo account, which is still available, Zank said it had been accused by the internet regulator of broadcasting pornographic content and so had been closed down. Still, gay dating apps are big business, even for Chinese companies. Last week Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd said it would buy the remaining stake in global gay dating app Grindr that it did not own. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Cate Cadell, and Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Clarence Fernandez) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Technology News EU agrees to fund free WiFi for European towns with no internet coverage BRUSSELS European Union institutions agreed on Monday to set aside 120 million euros to provide free wireless internet connections by 2020 to up to 8,000 municipalities in the EU in areas with no internet coverage. Japan to finalise strategy for drones, self-driving trucks on June 9 - govt sources TOKYO Japan aims to finalise on June 9 plans to allow package delivery by drone sometime from 2020 and the commercialisation of self-driving trucks by 2022, as it scrambles to breathe new life into its corporate sector, sources told Reuters. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Cyclone brings destruction to Myanmar refugee camps in Bangladesh Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Popular Chinese lesbian dating app removed from internet Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Mon May 29, 2017 | 7:47am EDT Popular Chinese lesbian dating app removed from internet BEIJING A popular Chinese dating app for lesbians has been shut down, along with its website and main social media account, just as the gay community celebrates Taiwan's decision giving same-sex couples the right to marry, a first for Asia. The app, Rela, set up in 2012, has around 5 million registered users, a cached version of its entry on Apple's iTunes site shows. But users began noticing last week that the app, along with its Twitter-like Weibo account and website, was no longer accessible, according to users posting on Weibo under the hashtags #rela and #relahasbeenblocked. The service was temporarily suspended due to an "important adjustment in service," Rela told users on its WeChat app account. "Rela has always been with you and please await its return!" it added, but gave no details of why it was suspending service. "This is discrimination against us lesbians," wrote one user on Weibo. "Not being able to open it feels like being jilted," wrote another. It was not immediately clear why Rela has been shut down. The company did not respond to an email seeking comment. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Internet regulator the Cyberspace Administration of China also did not immediately respond to a faxed request for comment on Monday, which is a national holiday. In the past, the government has blocked sites it deems could challenge Communist Party rule or threaten stability, including Western sites such as Facebook and Google's main search engine and Gmail service. It is not illegal to be gay in China, although the country regarded homosexuality as a mental disorder until 2001. Many large cities have thriving gay scenes, but gay individuals still face a lot of family pressure to get married and have children. Gay activists say deeply conservative attitudes towards homosexuality in some parts of society have contributed to occasional government clampdowns. In April, another gay Chinese dating app, Zank, was also shut down after operating for about four years. In a message on its Weibo account, which is still available, Zank said it had been accused by the internet regulator of broadcasting pornographic content and so had been closed down. Still, gay dating apps are big business, even for Chinese companies. Last week Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd said it would buy the remaining stake in global gay dating app Grindr that it did not own. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Cate Cadell, and Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Clarence Fernandez) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Technology News Japan to finalize strategy for drones, self-driving trucks on June 9: government sources TOKYO Japan aims to finalize on June 9 plans to allow package delivery by drone sometime from 2020 and the commercialization of self-driving trucks by 2022, as it scrambles to breathe new life into its corporate sector, sources told Reuters. Western Digital may join Japan-KKR group for Toshiba chip unit bid: sources TOKYO Western Digital Corp may join a consortium of Japanese government money and KKR & Co LP to bid for Toshiba Corp's chip unit, backing away from an earlier demand for an immediate majority stake, two sources familiar with the matter said. Partner Communications to offer Netflix on new Israeli TV service JERUSALEM Partner Communications, Israel's second-largest mobile phone operator, said on Monday that streaming giant Netflix will be available on Partner's new television service. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Research Report 2017 Innovation, Segments, Growth and Forecast This report studies Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering WeChat (Weixin) Line Corporation Skype Viber Microsoft Apple Inc Google Tencent Holdings Facebook Netflex Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast), like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Telecom Programe Mobile Application Software Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services in each application, can be divided into Audio Message Voice Gaming & Video on Demand (VoD) Get The Sample Copy Of This Report : www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/972062 Table of Contents Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Research Report 2017 1 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services 1.2 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Segment by Type 1.2.1 Global Production Market Share of Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services by Type in 2015 1.2.2 Telecom Programe 1.2.3 Mobile Application 1.2.4 Software 1.3 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Segment by Application 1.3.1 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Consumption Market Share by Application in 2015 1.3.2 Audio 1.3.3 Message 1.3.4 Voice 1.3.5 Gaming & Video on Demand (VoD) 1.4 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market by Region 1.4.1 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.2 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services (2012-2022) 2 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.2 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.3 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Average Price by Manufacturers (2015 and 2016) 2.4 Manufacturers Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.4 North America Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 Europe Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 China Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 Japan Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Southeast Asia Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 India Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Consumption by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2 North America Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 Europe Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 Southeast Asia Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 India Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Production Growth by Type (2012-2017) 6 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Consumption and Market Share by Application (2012-2017) 6.2 Global Over The Top (OTT) Media Delivery Services Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2012-2017) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries MarketResearchReports.biz supports your business intelligence needs with over 100,000 market research reports, company profiles, data books, and regional market data sheets in its repository. Our document database is updated by the hour, which means that you always have access to fresh data spanning over 300 industries and their sub-segments. State Tower 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Neural Network Software Global Market Expected To Reach $46.43 Billion With 30.1% CAGR Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Dental Adhesives 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 5.96% and Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts EnXray Hires Commercial Director Polyetherimide(PEI) Market Segmentation, Manufacturing Cost Analysis Including Key Raw Materials, Price Trend, Key Suppliers and Forecast 2022 Plastic Optical Fiber(POF) Market Competitive Landscape, Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Business Strategies 2022 New Report of High Purity Magnesium Chloride Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Fused Silica Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Regional Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience BYOD: The good, the bad and the just plain unsafe May 29, 2017 • Features, Gadgets and Gaming, General, Security Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 BYOD increase the security risks of businesses. Remember the good ol’ days? The days when you were judged on your work performance by the level of darkness outside when you stumbled in – and out – of work. Where your dedication to the job was assessed on one simple factor: your line manager could see you. As long as you were in the office at 8am, hunched over your desk with your forehead knitted into an expression of fierce concentration, you could indulge in Candy Crush to your heart’s content.   Aren’t you glad those days are over? Well, perhaps not quite over, but it’s apparent that over the past few years there’s been a rise in a more mobile workforce. This increased desire for flexi-time comes hand-in-hand with what the tech aficionados call, ‘BYOD’ (Bring Your Own Device.) Gaynor MacArthur, Sales Director at Digicape – a premium Apple reseller and total solutions provider, agrees that the traditional organisational model is in a state of flux. “The 21st century workforce demands a more flexible model. There’s a greater emphasis on work-life balance, with employees seeking to be evaluated on their output and delivery rather than hours on the clock.” “As a result, companies are reenvisioning their organisational structures to implement systems that better support this new style of working.” BYOD, where employees bring personally-owned devices to their place of work and use them to access company resources, is part of this new wave of greater mobility. The global BYOD market is projected to increase at a compound annual growth rate of 25% between 2014 and 2019, according to Information Management. “And it’s not just employees who profit, says MacArthur. “BYOD makes an attractive case for companies too.” While many articles cite decreased costs for the employer as the largest advantage, further reports have shown that those less obvious may be the most beneficial long term. Cisco reported a 33% increase in employee satisfaction when it allowed BYOD, while another survey indicated that mobile workers were clocking around 240 more hours each year than those office bound, as revealed in a Capgemini Consulting report. And when employees have agency over the selection of device, it appears as though tech innovator Apple comes out tops. In 2015, IBM took the decision to offer employees the choice to move from PC to Mac when their company kit needed upgrading. When given the option to choose for themselves, 73% of employees chose Mac, and the company subsequently reported 91% user satisfaction. “Aside from Apple technology’s pull power, it makes sense from a productivity and systems management perspective, as Mac’s superior OS software means that the Apple system requires far fewer updates than Windows.”   So what’s the catch? Why isn’t every company deploying BYOD? “The biggest concern with BYOD is security, explains MacArthur. “Company data can be compromised and not every device may have the same stringent software an employer would install, and thus are more susceptible to viruses.” Apple, with its superior privacy policies and rich Mobile Device Management (MDM) infrastructure, once again came out tops for data security and virus protection. With technology that constantly monitors and encrypts, the risk of infection is mitigated. Thanks to these advancements in the tech sphere, BYOD is not only making sense from a bottom line perspective, but also in terms of talent attraction and retention. “BYOD communicates that employees are trusted in making their own decisions, and their needs are prioritised, says MacArthur. “As long as the company’s privileged information is protected and a robust infrastructure is in place to mitigate security threats, companies will reap the rewards of a more flexible working environment and BYOD.” Staff Writer BYODfeatureSecurity « SAP trains unemployed graduates 21 Speakers Gear Up for Education Innovation Summit 2017 » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Gauteng Start-ups advance to Seedstars National Final May 29, 2017 Digital Transformation on the Horizon in South Africa May 29, 2017 Password Reuse Threatens Enterprise Security May 29, 2017 A new botnet is lurking as Hajime has 300,000 devices waiting orders May 29, 2017 21 Speakers Gear Up for Education Innovation Summit 2017 May 29, 2017 BYOD: The good, the bad and the just plain unsafe May 29, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: SAP trains unemployed graduates Following an intense 9-week on-site training program held between the Mohammed VI Polytechnic University in Benguerir and the Rhamna Skills...Close
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Ban on sale of cattle at markets for slaughter: Citing federalism, West Bengal, Kerala object to Centre’s order The New Hardline in The Valley Part 2: North Kashmir is home to foreign militants, witness to deadly strikes Punjab to probe mine auction, son of minister’s friend says he put in money Drop names of my officers from FIR: NHAI chief to Uttarakhand Home Technology Gadgets Computex 2017: Asus’ ZenBook Flip S, ZenBook 3 Deluxe and VivoBook Pro laptops launched Computex 2017: Asus’ ZenBook Flip S, ZenBook 3 Deluxe and VivoBook Pro laptops launched Here's a look at all the laptops Asus launched at the Computex 2017 tradeshow, which runs from May 30 to June 3 in Taipei. By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated: May 29, 2017 4:44 pm Asus’ ZenBook Pro will go head-to-head with Apple’s MacBook Pro in the premium laptop segment. At its pre-Computex show in Taipei, Asus has launched a number of laptops in its ZenBook and Vivo series. The company’s marque product is the new ZenBook Flip S, the “world’s thinnest” 2-in-1 convertible laptop. Other than the ZenBook Flip S, Asus launched the ZenBook Pro, which is believed to be the “thinnest”, “lightest” and most powerful “professional-grade” ultraportable laptop in its class. Here’s a look at all the laptops Asus launched at the Computex 2017 tradeshow, which runs from May 30 to June 3 in Taipei. ZenBook Flip S  The Flip S is the world’s thinnest convertible laptop. Measuring in at 10.9mm and 1.1kg in weight, the notebook is slimmer and lighter than the 12-inch Apple MacBook. The Windows 10 laptop is powered by up to seventh-generation Intel Core i7 processor and features an ultra fast 1TB SSD storage. The 13.3-inch 4K UHD screen easily folds around 360 degree for tablet use; it even supports an active stylus. Asus’ ZenBook Flip S starts at $1,099 ( or approx Rs. 70,850); however; the company is yet to announce anything on availability. ZenBook Pro  The ZenBook Pro is aimed at those who are looking for a laptop with powerful performance and lightweight design. The laptop will go head-to-head with Apple’s MacBook Pro. Being a flagship model, the laptop boasts an Nvidia GeForce GTX1050 Ti graphics card, Intel seventh-generation Corei7 processor, 1TB SSD storage and 16GB DDR4 RAM. The ZenBook Pro has a 15.6-inch UHD display, and a battery life that should last up to 14 hours on a single charge. The notebook starts at $1,299 (or approx Rs. 83,753) with no word on availability. Asus ZenBook 3 Deluxe  The Windows 10-powered device, which the company likes to call the “world’s most prestigious laptop, has a 14-inch ultranarrow-bezel display. It measures at 12.9mm thin and weighs 1.1kg. The laptop has three Thunderbolt ports, Intel Corei7 processor, 1TB SSD storage, and two USB Type-C ports. It starts at $1,199 (or approx Rs. 77,306). Asus VivoBook Pro 15 The VivoBook Pro 15 is a light weight laptop with a 15.6-inch 4K UHD display. It packs a seventh-generation Intel Corei7 processor, up to 16GB DDR4 RAM and Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 graphics. The notebook is available in several storage options, including one which has a 2TB HDD and a 512GB SSD. It is priced at $799 ( or approx Rs. 51, 515). Asus VivoBook S15 The new VivoBook is a mid-range affair, with a 15.6-inch display.  The laptop is powered by a seventh-generation Intel Core i7 processor, up to 16GB DDR memory and Nvidia GeForce 940MX graphics. The light weight laptop measures at 17.9mm and weighing just 1.5kg. The notebook is priced at $499 ( or approx Rs. 32, 173). For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: ASUS No Comments. Most Read GSEB SSC 10th results 2017 declared at gseb.org, know how to check results ICSE 10th result 2017 declared on cisce.org: Pass percentage is 98.52 GSEB HSC Arts and Commerce results 2017 declared at gseb.org, 56.82 is pass percentage WBCHSE HS Results 2017 Declared at wbresults.nic.in, check now your Class 12th marks WATCH: Baby starts walking immediately after being born; video has over 1 million shares already Best of Express Babri Masjid demolition case: BJP's LK Advani, MM Joshi leave for Lucknow to appear before special CBI court today Angela Merkel looks East in one-on-one with PM Narendra Modi Southwest Monsoon reaches Kerala, North East OpinionNotion that India has peaked in manufacturing & IT, employment is at best premature, at worst, dishonest OpinionTriple talaq debate shows how Muslim women are challenging patriarchy Buzzing Now EntertainmentHindi Medium vs Half Girlfriend box office collection day 11: Irrfan Khan film is sleeper hit of the year, earns Rs 39.55 cr EntertainmentSara Ali Khan works out with Kareena Kapoor's bestie Malaika Arora. See videos and photos of her hard work EntertainmentKatrina Kaif is insanely fit and insanely happy. See this video, photo to believe Trending'Resting Pope Face': Pope Francis' gloomy pose with Trudeau after Trump has Twitterati in splits TrendingVirender Sehwag asks 'What do you connect most with?'; gets fascinating replies on Twitter Top News WBCHSE HS Results 2017 declared: Archisman Panigrihi tops this year, 84.20% students clear IAS officer drowns in swimming pool in Delhi’s Ber Sarai Poser to arbitrator: How can you also be chief of anti-corruption watchdog? Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora SportsWherever they fly, the Indian flag follows SportsYFI recommends Dera chief for Dronacharya Award LifestyleGoodbye, dream home: The struggles of a homebuyer in Delhi-NCR LifestyleShades of Black TechnologyXiaomi Redmi 4 sale today: Comparison against Lenovo K6 Power, Vibe K5, and more TechnologyOnePlus 5 official camera samples revealed on Twitter; launch imminent May 30: Latest News Sharjeel Khan did not play the two dot balls on purpose: Mohammad Yousuf on PSL spot fixing case Jr NTR to host Bigg Boss in Telugu, replaces Chiranjeevi as the highest paid star on TV Bilkis Bano case: SC refuses to stay conviction of IPS officer RS Bhagora Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Naxals set ablaze bus in Chhattisgarh’s Narayanpur                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Share Tweet MacBook Pro v Surface Pro 5 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews Macbooks MacBook Pro v Surface Pro 5 MacBook Pro v Surface Pro 5 We compare Apple's latest MacBook Pro with the newly announced Surface Pro 5 from Microsoft. It's the battle of the old foes, but who will come out on top? by Martyn Casserly | 29 May 17 Price RRP: Base prices £1,449 (13-inch without Touch Bar), £1,749 (256GB 13-inch model with Touch Bar), £1,949 (512GB 13-inch model with Touch Bar), £2,349 (2.6GHz, 256GB 15-inch with Touch Bar), £2,699 (2.7GHz, 12GB 15-inch with Touch Bar), From US$1499 Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers MacBook Pro v Surface Pro 5 Welcome to our MacBook Pro v Surface Pro comparison review. Microsoft has announced a new iteration of its popular Surface Pro line, with the new models featuring the latest Intel processors and a number of other upgrades. We see how they compare to Apple's own workhorse, the MacBook Pro. See also: iPad Pro 12.9 v Surface Pro 5 What is a Surface Pro? Microsoft may be primarily associated with software, but a few years ago the company launched the Surface Pro line of tablet/laptop hybrids. Since then these devices have become a regular sight in coffee shops, offices and other places where laptops dare to tread. Out of the box a Surface Pro is a tablet, albeit one that runs a full desktop version of Windows 10. But the most common configuration includes an attachable keyboard cover that makes it far more like a full-blown laptop. Surface Pros are light, beautifully constructed, and have done much to lend the Microsoft brand a touch of cool. This looks set to continue with the release of the Surface Laptop and the Surface Studio, both of which feature excellent and innovative styling, something that was once the sole province of Apple. For more details take a look at the Surface Laptop and Surface Studio features prepared by our colleagues on Tech Advisor. Design The MacBook Pro was redesigned in 2016 to give it a sleeker, more modern look, refining the ageing silver aluminium unibody format that has served it for a number of years. It's a beautiful device - of that there's no question. The construction is exemplary and the new slimmer lines make the MacBook Pro an elegant but robust machine that should take a few knocks while delivering solid performance. MacBook Pro Dimensions: 30.41cm x 21.24cm x 1.49cm; 1.37kg (13-inch models) 34.93cm x 24.07cm x 1.55cm; 1.83kg (15-inch models) Surface Pro Dimensions: 292mm x 201mm x 8.5mm; 768g/770g/784g (m3/i5/i7) Apple has kept the number of ports to a minimum, which isn't everybody's favourite idea, and configurations differ depending on which model you buy. The entry level 13-inch MacBook Pro has two USB-C ports which also act as the charging ports, plus a solitary 3.5mm headphone jack. Opt for the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar or the 15-inch MacBook Pro and you'll get an additional two USB-C ports, not to mention the Touch Bar itself which allows users to control various aspects of software applications via the touch sensitive area at the top of the keyboard. For a more comprehensive look at the capabilities of the Touch Bar read our MacBook Pro 2016 with Touch Bar review. The Surface Pro is a different beast. Technically it's not really a laptop unless you purchase the optional keyboard cover from Microsoft, but when you do it creates a very compelling device. Microsoft has decided not to continue numbering its devices, much like Apple, so whereas most people were expecting this to be the Surface Pro 5, it's technically called just the Surface Pro. The body is the same magnesium alloy that graced the previous models, with the built-in kickstand now able to smoothly recline back to almost flat. Much like the MacBook Pro this is a premium product whose fit and finish shows a great deal of care and thought has gone into not only the design but the construction too. Where Apple choose to only include USB-C ports, Microsoft has omitted them completely, which is a controversial decision and does seem a little odd to us. Instead the Surface Pro comes with one USB 3.0 port, a Micro SDXC card reader, Mini Display Port, 3.5mm headphone jack, Cover port (for connecting the keyboard), and the Surface Connect port which links to Surface Pro to Microsoft's Surface Dock.  The latter turns the Surface Pro into a desktop device when paired with an external keyboard, mouse, and screen, or simply expands the amount of peripherals you can attach to the Pro. Keyboards Keyboards are an essential element to get right on a laptop, because it's the part of the device that you will physically interact with the most. So it's important that any prospective buyer tries the typing surfaces on both of these device before making a purchase, as neither is what you would call normal. The MacBook Pro has the second generation of Apple's new Butterfly keyboard which is ultra thin and divides opinion amongst users. Each key feels more solid, that's true, but the minuscule amount of travel that occurs when they are pressed can take some getting used to. It's a different story on the Surface Pro, as it doesn't have a keyboard at all. Users will need to purchase the attachable Surface Pro Signature Type Cover (£149.99), or use a bluetooth keyboard if they want to get the full laptop experience. The Type Cover attaches magnetically to the Surface Pro (very securely we might add) and is itself quite slim. The keys are of a traditional scissor design  though, so the typing experience is very familiar. Those with heavy hands, though, will notice a slight flexing of the cover as they pound away at their business proposals, emails, or social media discussions. As we said earlier, be sure to test these devices in person before considering a purchase. Touch Another area where Microsoft and Apple take different approaches is touch. The Surface Pro's 12.5-inch PixelSense display is fully touch-enabled, with 10 point multi-touch capabilities. This comes into it's own when combined with the Surface Pen (again additional) which has also seen upgrades to make it more sensitive and reduce any lag. Apple continues to eschew touchscreens and instead has come up with the Touch Bar. This digital strip replaces the function key row on the MacBook Pro's that include the feature. The clever part of the Touch Bar is that it's contextual, so depending on what application you're using the Touch Bar will display different options. Much like the keyboard this feature has proven divisive among Apple users. Some extoll the virtues of the ever changing Touch Bar, while others say they don't want to stare down at the Bar to change things on the screen. Again, try before you buy. Another essential element is of course the display, and both devices have gorgeous HD panels. The Surface Pro comes replete with a 12.5-inch PixelSense display that boasts a 2736 x 1824 resolution with 267 PPI. The MacBook Pro 13-inch utilises an IPS display with 2560x1600 native resolution and 227 pixels per inch. Moving up to the 15-inch model you'll find a 15.4-inch IPS display running at 2880x1800 native resolution and 220 pixels per inch. Specs As these are all premium devices it's not surprising to find premium components inside. Processor-wise the 13-inch MacBook Pros offer either a 2.0GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 on the entry model, or a 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 on the Touch Bar version. The chips used in both 13-inch MacBook Pros are from the sixth generation of Intel Core chips, known as Skylake. This makes them a generation behind those fitted in the new Surface Pro. Microsoft opted instead to use the seventh generation Kaby Lake chips. The Surface Pro range incorporates three variants, starting with a Core M and moving up to Core i5 and Core i7 versions. How this will affect the graphical performances of the two platforms will be an interesting factor when the Surface Pro arrives in our lab for testing. Here's a detailed breakdown of the specs on the MacBook Pro and Surface Pro: 13-inch MacBook Pro model (without Touch Bar) 2.0GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, Turbo Boost up to 3.1GHz, with 4MB shared L3 cache (Configurable to 2.4GHz dual-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 3.4GHz, with 4MB shared L3 cache) 8GB of 1866MHz LPDDR3 onboard RAM (Configurable to 16GB) Intel Iris Graphics 540 256GB PCIe-based onboard SSD (Configurable to 512GB or 1TB SSD) 13.3-inch LED-backlit display with IPS technology; 2560x1600 native resolution at 227 pixels per inch; 500 nits brightness; Wide colour (P3) Built-in 54.5-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery; estimated battery life up to 10 hours wireless web use 802.11ac WiFi; IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible; Bluetooth 4.2 Full-size backlit keyboard with 78 (US) or 79 (ISO) keys including 12 function keys and 4 arrow keys; Force Touch trackpad 2 x Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports; 3.5mm headphone port 720p FaceTime HD camera 30.41cm x 21.24cm x 1.49cm; 1.37kg 13-inch MacBook Pro model (with Touch Bar) 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz, with 4MB shared L3 cache (Configurable to 3.1GHz dual-core Intel Core i5, Turbo Boost up to 3.5GHz, with 4MB shared L3 cache; or 3.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz, with 4MB shared L3 cache) 8GB of 2133MHz LPDDR3 onboard RAM (Configurable to 16GB) Intel Iris Graphics 550 256GB PCIe-based onboard SSD, or 512GB PCIe-based onboard SSD (Configurable to 1TB SSD) 13.3-inch LED-backlit display with IPS technology; 2560 x 1600 native resolution at 227 pixels per inch; 500 nits brightness; Wide colour (P3) Built-in 49.2-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery; estimated battery life up to 10 hours wireless web use 802.11ac WiFi; IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible; Bluetooth 4.2 Full-size backlit keyboard with 64 (US) or 65 (ISO) keys including 4 arrow keys; Touch Bar with integrated Touch ID sensor; Force Touch trackpad 4 x Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports; 3.5mm headphone port 720p FaceTime HD camera 30.41cm x 21.24cm x 1.49cm; 1.37kg 15-inch MacBook Pro model (with Touch Bar) 2.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 3.5GHz, with 6MB shared L3 cache, or 2.7GHz quad-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz, with 8MB shared L3 cache (Configurable to 2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7, Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz, with 8MB shared L3 cache) 16GB of 2133MHz LPDDR3 onboard RAM Radeon Pro 450 with 2GB of GDDR5 memory and automatic graphics switching, or Radeon Pro 455 with 2GB of GDDR5 memory and automatic graphics switching (Configurable to Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB of GDDR5 memory and automatic graphics switching); Intel HD Graphics 530 256GB PCIe-based onboard SSD, or 512GB PCIe-based onboard SSD (Configurable to 1TB or 2TB SSD) 15.4-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit display with IPS technology; 2880 x 1800 native resolution at 220 pixels per inch; 500 nits brightness; Wide colour (P3) Built-in 76.0-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery; estimated battery life up to 10 hours wireless web use 802.11ac WiFi; IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible; Bluetooth 4.2 Full-size backlit keyboard with 64 (US) or 65 (ISO) keys including 4 arrow keys; Touch Bar with integrated Touch ID sensor; Force Touch trackpad 4 x Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports; 3.5mm headphone port 720p FaceTime HD camera 34.93cm x 24.07cm x 1.55cm; 1.83kg Surface Pro 12.3in PixelSense display, 273ppi, 2736x1824 1GHz Core m3-7Y30; 2.6GHz Core i5-7300U; 2.5GHz Cire i7-7660U 4GB/8GB/16GB 128GB/256GB/512GB/1TB SSD Intel HD 615 (Core m3); Intel HD 620 (Core i5); Intel Iris Plus 640 (Core i7) 802.11ac Bluetooth 4.1 8Mp (main), 5Mp (front) USB 3, microSD, 3.5mm headset, Surface connector 292mm x 201mm x 8.5mm; 768g/770g/784g (m3/i5/i7) Release Date The MacBook Pro was released last year, and is available from Apple or a number of other retailers. The Surface Pro is now available for pre-order from Microsoft, with a predicted shipping date of the 15th June 2017. UK price With premium components and features comes premium prices. MacBook Pro: 13-inch model (without Touch Bar): Starts at £1,449 13-inch model (with Touch Bar): Starts at £1,749 (256GB) or £1,949 (512GB) 15-inch model (with Touch Bar): Starts at £2,349 (2.6GHz, 256GB) or £2,699 (2.7GHz, 512GB) Surface Pro: Intel Core M, 128GB SSD, 4GB RAM: £799 Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD, 4GB RAM: £979 Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD, 8GB RAM: £1,249 Intel Core i7, 256GB SSD, 8GB RAM: £1,549 Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM: £2,149 Intel Core i7, 1TB SSD, 16GB RAM: £2,699 OUR VERDICT The MacBook Pro is a great update to a much heralded line. The design is subtle but distinctive and performance is strong throughout. It’s not all plain sailing though. The keyboard is unorthodox, and as such might put some buyers off, plus those prices are still eyewatering in these days of austerity, especially if you want the Touch Bar models. The Surface Pro is a breath of fresh air in many ways. The aesthetics are cool, touch works well, and the pen can be a lot of fun to use. Microsoft has positioned it in the past as a great rival to the iPad Pro, which it is, but since the release of the Surface Laptop we’re not sure how well the Surface Pro will fair against the MacBook Pro. In the end this one will come down to personal preference in terms of touch capabilities, keyboards, and whether you want Windows 10 or OSX. Either device is a quality product, but you’ll have to pay for it. Tags: Mac Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement Surface Pro (2017) vs Surface Pro 4 Where HTML5 is headed next MacBook Pro v Surface Pro 5 Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Search Home News Inside News Manchester attack: 16 people still in detention A week following the attacks in Manchester, police have detained 16 people between Britain and Libya in connection to the attack. SACP to protest in Bloem against Walusz' parole N.Korea fires missile into Japanese waters Top SA News SACP to protest in Bloem against Walusz' parole Zuma survives ANC confidence vote Guptas dismiss leaked email reports as false ANC NEC propose discussion for leadership race Leaked Gupta mails reveal link to state capture Recall of Zuma not on ANC NEC agenda Explosives found inside car of Benoni suspects Top World News Manchester attack: 16 people still in detention N.Korea fires missile into Japanese waters Trump girds for defense in Russia row 2000 trapped as fighting rages in Philippines Sri Lanka's worst flood in a decade; 146 dead 6 suspected militants killed near Indian border Two more arrests over Manchester attack Business Inside Business Investment for high net-worth market Successful investment company specialising in alternative investments is opening its doors to investors from the high net-worth market. Hopes of 'Trump-o-nomics' Total stands by new production Get Business Insurance Top SA Business News Investment for high net-worth market Hopes of 'Trump-o-nomics' Total stands by new production Permission required before you build Consequences of flexible working hours DStv agrees to pay R22m penalty Interest rates remain at current level Top World Business News Hopes of 'Trump-o-nomics' Total stands by new production Jump in renewable energy jobs worldwide Top Personal Finance News Investment for high net-worth market Petrol price to kick in at midnight Common myths about life insurance Sport Inside Sport South Africa pursue great obsession SA's quest for major international cricket trophy has become an obsession for ODI captain AB de Villiers to put his Test career on hold. Lions hooker in hot water Nadal and Djokovic: French Open assaults Top Rugby Headlines Lions hooker in hot water Kings no match for Lions Highlanders to test unbeaten Crusaders Top Cricket Headlines South Africa pursue great obsession Levi taken to hospital Sri Lanka hope for Malinga magic Top Football Headlines Costa will only leave for Atletico Messi magic inspires Barca Wenger in the dark Other Sports Nadal and Djokovic: French Open assaults Kerber suffers historic loss Kvitova wins 'twice' on return Motoring Inside Motoring Latest News New Models Road Tests Features Formula 1 Sign up for our Motoring Newsletter! Save on car Insurance Cape Town vs. JHB traffic fine penalitiesDue to crackdowns on province-specific road accident issues, various local governments deal with lawbreakers in different ways. Car wars: Trump-Germany salvo raises fears Police raid Daimler in fraud probe US sues Fiat Chrysler over cheating Entertain Inside Entertain Celeb News Movies Music Get More Sign up for our Entertain newsletter! Rock trailblazer Gregg Allman diesGregg Allman, co-founder of the Allman Brothers Band and trailblazer in Southern rock music, has died at the age of 69. And the 2017 SAMA winners are... Grande plans show for Manchester victims Winners at the 2017 Cannes film fest... Lifestyle Inside Lifestyle Food Love & Sex Wellness & Psychology His Life Her Life Fashion & Beauty Parenting Get Life Insurance City living can cause mental illness in teensTeens living in cities could be at a greater risk of experiencing psychotic episodes than those in more rural areas. The 'fidget spinner' has teachers into a tizzy Study shows teasing leads to obesity Five ways to beat headaches naturally Cooltech Inside Cooltech News Gadgets Games Features Apps of the Week Viral Videos Sign up for our Cooltech Newsletter! Google Play Music offers free 4-month trialHave you heard about Google Play Music? It’s the tech giant’s own attempt at a low-cost audio streaming on mobile devices. Upcoming video games for May 30 and beyond These Aussie Pokémon are awesome Uber integrates Snapchat for in-cab fun Travel Inside Travel Travel News Flights Explore SA Beyond SA Accommodation Competitions Departure Lounge Bushmeat hunting threatens Okavango tourismThe threat posed by illegal bushmeat hunting to the Okavango Delta’s tourism industry has been exposed in a recently published report. Build your own luxury yacht online Massive shark leaps into fisherman's boat US returns ancient artifacts to Italy Dating Win Tools Get more Weather Newsletters Lotto RSS Feeds Fax2Email Save on your insurance!Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Going somewhere? Search and book the cheapest flights right now  Need a place to stay? Find and book your accommodation online today What's in the stars for you today? Get your daily horoscope here Jobs Facebook Twitter   iafrica.com Only the good stuff Get Insurance Quotes Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Fax2Email Sign up for your free fax number and get faxes sent to your inbox! Google Play Music offers free 4-month trial Article By: Mikail BakerMon, 29 May 2017 12:01 PM Share Your Email A pair of headphones. Credit: Freeimages     Have you heard about Google Play Music? It’s the tech giant’s own attempt at a low-cost audio streaming on mobile devices, rivalling Apple Music, Spotify and the like. Like Apple Music, it’s available on both Android and iOS, meaning that you can use your account on all your devices. Google Play Music’s extensive catalogue features more than 35-million tracks, as well as a selection of radio stations and curated playlists. While a free version is already available, it lacks several of the ‘Unlimited’ version’s premium features. Most notably, the free version is peppered with ads. Google is, however, offering you the opportunity to try the Unlimited service out for a whole four months, free of charge. It’s a great way to test drive the app before you commit to its R59,99 monthly fee. That’s exactly the same as Apple Music – so which one should you choose? At the end of the day, it’s all up to you. Apple has the iTunes pedigree, and that might just give it the edge. Related Articles A TV license for your smartphone? Illegal streaming 'kingpin' jailed Is Spotify working on a mysterious connected device? Netflix growth misses 100 million mark Vimeo catches up with 360 video Read More GOOGLE ANDROID APPLE TECH ENTERTAINMENT MUSIC Comments Please Note By commenting on this article, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the iafrica.com comments system. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus In Focus Today News Business Sport Kenya unveils first railroad in 100 years Kenya is set to begin work on its first railway in over 100 years. The Chinese-built route will be an attempt to cement a link to East Africa and secure... Read more › Investment for high net-worth market Successful investment company specialising in alternative investments is opening its doors to investors from the high net-worth market. Read more › South Africa pursue great obsession SA's quest for major international cricket trophy has become an obsession for ODI captain AB de Villiers to put his Test career on hold. Read more › Sponsored Links Wine Of The Week Work Money Smarter Save on insurance Dating Women Men Search Find love now. Join for free! iafrica on Facebook Subscribe to our Newsletters Your Daily News Get daily local and international News, Sport and Business highlights to your inbox. The Tech Set Tech savvy geeks and normal peeps chomp at the bits (pun intended) for their weekly fix! The Spotlight All the hottest Entertainment News from around the globe in your inbox every week. The Good Life Get your weekly Lifestyle highlights sent straight to your inbox. Go Full Throttle! Rev those engines and subscribe to the Full Throttle weekly motoring newsletter. Travel Bug! All the latest Travel News in your inbox every week. Yes No Do you wish to receive promotions from our partners? Home Contact Feedback Advertising Services About us Newsletters Mobi site Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions DMMA ADTECH © Copyright 2002-2017 iafrica.com
Inhalt ZEIT ONLINENachrichten auf ZEIT ONLINE Menu Schließen Abo Shop Akademie Jobs mehr Hamburg Hafenstadt-Lotse Urlaubsziele Kulturveranstaltungen Partnersuche Immobilien Automarkt ZEIT Reisen Urlaubsziele Kulturveranstaltungen Partnersuche Immobilien Automarkt E-Paper Audio Apps Archiv Anmelden / Registrieren Login suchen Suche Politik Gesellschaft Wirtschaft Kultur Literatur Film & TV Musik Kunst Buch-Entdeckungen Wissen Digital Campus Studium-Interessentest Studiengänge Uni-Rankings Brita fill&go Karriere Entdecken Sport Spiele Mobilität Hamburg Cunard Kreuzfahrten mehr ZEITmagazin EU-Kommission: Europäische Verlage kritisieren EU-Vorschlag zu ePrivacy In einem offenen Brief kritisieren europäische Verlage eine geplante EU-Novelle zum Gebrauch von Cookies. Das Vorhaben begünstige globale Firmen wie Google und Facebook. 29. Mai 2017, 11:54 Uhr Quelle: ZEIT ONLINE, fo 18 Kommentare Die EU will den Einsatz von Cookies neu regeln. © Patrick Lux/Getty Images Die geplante Novelle der so genannten ePrivacy-Verordnung stößt auf Kritik: In einem offenen Brief haben sich Verleger, Vorstandsvorsitzende und Geschäftsführer von mehr als 30 europäischen Medienhäusern an die EU-Kommission und das Europäische Parlament gewandt, darunter auch DIE ZEIT. Die Verlage fürchten, dass durch die geplante Verordnung personalisierte Werbung und individualisierter Journalismus gefährdet werden, auf denen die digitalen Geschäftsmodelle der Verlage zum Teil aufbauen. Konzerne wie Google oder Facebook würden durch die neue Regelung hingegen begünstigt, heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Konkret geht es um den Einsatz von Cookies, mit denen Websites individuelle Daten von Netznutzern erfassen. Bislang muss jede Website individuell über den Einsatz von Cookies aufklären. Ginge es nach der EU, müssten User dem Einsatz von Cookies in Zukunft nur noch ein Mal zustimmen, nämlich dann, wenn sie den Browser öffnen. Diese Zustimmung gelte dann pauschal für alle Websites. Cookies von Drittanbietern, die über die Websites ausgeliefert werden, wären hingegen standardmäßig geblockt. Darunter fielen etwa große Werbenetzwerke, die über die Websites ihre Anzeigen ausliefern. "Die aktuellen ePrivacy-Vorschläge würden dazu führen, dass die Daten europäischer Internetuser sich in den Händen weniger globaler Unternehmen konzentrieren", heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Die Verlage seien in Sorge, dass es "unglaublich schwierig" sein werde, die Browser-Einstellungen für einzelne Angebote zu ändern und Cookies zuzulassen. Es sei Medien damit unmöglich, Lesern personalisierte Inhalte und Marketing oder relevante Werbung anzubieten. Im Folgenden dokumentieren wir den offenen Brief im Wortlaut: Open letter to the European Parliament / Council Trust, privacy and news – the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft "ePrivacy" regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news, making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence.  Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface.  Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla, this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not.   While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3rd party cookies.  As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017.  If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of domiant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the "ePrivacy" proposals, the European Parliament/Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. Die Unterzeichner: Athesia Druck: Bernhard Paris, Manager Medien  Class Editori: Davide Fumagalli, CDO DER SPIEGEL, SPIEGEL ONLINE: Thomas Hass, Managing Director ; Jesper Doub, Managing Director SPIEGEL ONLINE DIE ZEIT, ZEIT ONLINE: Dr. Rainer Esser, Managing Director Zeitverlag Gerd Bucerius GmbH & Co. KG; Christian Röpke, Managing Director ZEIT ONLINE GmbH ; Enrique Tarragona, Managing Director ZEIT ONLINE GmbH  DMG Media: Kevin Beatty, CEO  Editoriale Bresciana:  Laura Airaghi, Marketing Director  EPC: Angela Mills Wade, Executive Director  Financial Times: John Ridding, CEO  Frankfurter Allgemeine: Thomas Lindner, CEO Gazzetta di Parma: Mario De Stefano, CDO  GEDI Gruppo Editoriale:  Monica Mondardini, CEO Groupe Bayard/La Croix: Georges Sanerot, Président du Directoire Groupe Figaro CCM Benchmark: Marc Feuillée, Directeur général Groupe L ́Equipe: Cyril Linette, Directeur général Groupe Le Monde: Louis Dreyfus, Président du Directoire Groupe Les Echos/Le Parisien: Francis Morel, CEO Gruner + Jahr: Julia Jaekel, CEO ; Arne Wolter, CDO  Grupa Wirtualna Polska: Michal Branski, Board Member and VP Product Strategy Gruppo 24 Ore: Franco Moscetti, CEO  Guardian Media Group: David Pemsel, CEO IMPRESA: Francisco Pinto Balsemão, Chairman  L'Humanité: Patrick Le Hyaric, President du directoire et directeur Libération:  François Dieulesaint, Gérant  MEDIAHUIS:  Gert Ysebaert, CEO NRC: Rien van Beemen, CEO Persgroup: Christian Van Thillo, CEO PRISA: José Luis Sainz, CEO Sanoma: Susan Duinhoven, President & CEO Schibsted Media Group: Rolv Erik Ryssdal, CEO  SETA:  Gianluigi Campari, CEO  Süddeutsche Zeitung: Stefan Hilscher, Managing Director Süddeutscher Verlag GmbH ; Johannes Vogel, Managing Director Süddeutsche Zeitung Digitale Medien GmbH Telegraph Media Group: Murdoch MacLennan, CEO Unidad Editorial: Javier Cabrerizo, Managing Director Seitennavigation Startseite Facebook Auf Facebook teilen twitter Twittern Whatsapp WhatsApp Facebook Messenger Facebook Messenger Mail Mailen Artikel drucken Schlagworte Cookies, Internet, Datenschutz, Europäisches Parlament, EU-Politik, EU-Kommission Voriger Artikel Voriger Artikel Indien Modi wirbt in Berlin um deutsche Investitionen Nächster Artikel Nächster Artikel Dialekt Das Sächsisch verschwindet! Lesen Sie jetzt Z+ Software-Unternehmen: Sie blicken in dein Herz Von Anna Gauto 2. März 2017 Anzeige Der ZEIT Stellenmarkt Jetzt Jobsuche starten und Stellenangebote mit Perspektive entdecken. Job finden Kommentare 18 Kommentare Seite 1 von 3 Kommentieren Sortierung Neueste zuerst Leserempfehlung Nur Leserempfehlungen Freundschafter #1  —  vor 21 Stunden Leserempfehlung 4 Ein Geschäftsmodell auf penetrante Werbung aufzubauen hat keine Zukunft! Hoffentlich kommt diese ePrivacy unverändert. Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen rank_t #1.1  —  vor 20 Stunden Leserempfehlung 0 Penetrant und personalisiert sind zwei unterschiedliche Paar Schuhe. Und der Effekt ist sogar genau andersrum: Je unpersönlicher die Werbung, desto weniger ist sie wert – desto mehr muss also angezeigt werden. Antwort auf #1 von Freundschafter Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen Zeitlese0815 #2  —  vor 20 Stunden Leserempfehlung 0 Gute Stellungnahme auch in http://www.faz.net/aktuel... Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen Zeitlese0815 #2.1  —  vor 20 Stunden Leserempfehlung 1 Pardon, dat ging zu Maas' Gesetzentwurf zum Urheberrecht. Trotzdem interessant. Antwort auf #2 von Zeitlese0815 Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen RaLiWiWi #3  —  vor 20 Stunden Leserempfehlung 2 Dass die EU Kommission in Zusammenarbeit mit den relevanten Lobbyisten sich (fast) ausschließlich an der Interessensdurchetzung von Groß-Konzerne orientiert , sollte für die nun protestierenden mittelständischen Verleger nur dann überraschend kommen, wenn sie sich die letzten 2 Jahrzehnte ausschließlich mit sogenannten schöngeistigen und vielleicht noch ethischen Fragen beschäftigten , also sich um die Akustik-Qualität der Elb-Philharmonie sorgten oder sich mit Predigten von Frau Käsmann auseinander setzten Dass von der geplanten EU (!!) Gesetzes-Novelle aber ausschließlich US Konzerne profitieren die auch noch sehr eng und vertrauensvoll mit den diversen US Geheimdiensten ( NSA , CIS , DIA) zusammen arbeiten ist dann schon auch für EU -Kommissions skeptische Europäer nur noch sehr schwer nachvollziehbar, ohne in kompletten Zynismus zu verfallen Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen Schlüsselbär #4  —  vor 20 Stunden Leserempfehlung 3 Ich möchte keine "personalisierten Inhalte" und keine "personalisierte Werbung". Weder von der Zeit noch von Google&co. Dafür tue ich auch das eine oder andere (TOR anonyme Identitäten.) Wenn die Quellen der Inhalte versuchen, ihr Geschäftsmodell durchdrücken wollen und Leser ohne Login(Zeit) bei einigen Artikeln blocken oder Nutzer ohne Identifikation nicht suchen lassen(Google - meistens), dann nutze ich diese Angebote eben nicht. Das Wort "Werbung" ist eigentlich sehr schön und sagt aus, um was es gehen sollte. Wenn ich für ein Angebot bezahlen soll, will ich auch entsprechend "umworben" werden - nicht für dumm verkauft und über den Tisch gezogen. Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen hengels58 #4.1  —  vor 19 Stunden Leserempfehlung 1 Ich glaube nicht, dass Tor hier hilfreich ist. Cookies sind Schnee von gestern. Wenn in einem Browser JavaScript aktiv ist, kann eine Website u.a. die folgenden Daten lesen: - OS Version - Browser Version - CPU - Bildschirmauflösung - Installierte Fonts - Installierte Browser Apps - und Vieles mehr und nun haben wir einen einzigartigen "Fingerprint", mit dem sich ein Benutzer eindeutig wiedererkennen lässt (da eine identische Kombination von Daten kaum mehrfach existiert). Dieser Fingerprint wird nun anbieterseitig auf dem Server in einer Datenbank gespeichert und alle Bewegungsdaten dazu mitaufgezeichnet. Auf diese Weise lassen sich komplexe Nutzerprofile erstellen (vor allem wenn der Fingerprint weitergereicht wird). Cookies sind im Vergleich hierzu ein Witz. Tor anonymisiert nur die IP etc. - hilft hier meines Erachtens aber gar nicht. Die einzige Lösung ist JavaScript zu deaktivieren. Antwort auf #4 von Schlüsselbär Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen + 1 weitere Antworten anzeigen Kommentarseiten Weitere Kommentare 1 2 3 Bitte melden Sie sich an, um zu kommentieren. Anmelden Registrieren ZEIT ONLINENachrichten auf ZEIT ONLINE Start Digital EU-Kommission: Europäische Verlage kritisieren EU-Vorschlag zu ePrivacy Impressum Datenschutz Mehr Angebote: Abo Shop Christ & Welt ZEIT Reisen ZEIT für die Schule ZEIT Veranstaltungen Verlag: Inserieren Mediadaten Presse Unternehmen Rechte & Lizenzen Blogs Foto Video Leserartikel Print-Archiv Schlagworte Bildrechte AGB Cookies Hilfe/ Kontakt Newsletter RSS Nach oben
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, May 30, 2017, 2:09 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Tesla's fans, foes split along tech, auto lines By JULIE VERHAGE BLOOMBERG NEWS This article was published May 29, 2017 at 2:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size The Wall Street split on Tesla Inc. boils down to analysts who see the next Apple Inc. and those who perceive a lot more similarity with Studebaker. Most of the seven analysts who rate the stock a buy are focused on coverage of technology companies, while a majority of the six who advise investors to sell are dedicated to automobiles, according to data compiled by Bloomberg and Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. While the tech folks are honing in on the potential for disrupting the century-old industry, those who concentrate on manufacturing efficiency and vehicle reliability see the stock's valuation as out of line with reality. The issue was highlighted in a note from Bernstein last week, which featured technology analyst Toni Sacconaghi making the bullish case for Tesla and autos analyst Max Warburton arguing that shares should head lower from here. After the stock's 42 percent surge over the past year, it is now well above the average target price from analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. "Tesla is a disruptive company, with a once-in-a-generation leader," Sacconaghi wrote. "It is the next Apple Inc., Netflix Inc., Amazon.com Inc., and Elon Musk is a uniquely visionary leader with track record of doing the impossible." He sees electronic vehicles composing almost 40 percent of auto sales within two decades, and says Tesla is well positioned to take advantage of the shift as one of the first manufacturers and one of the brands with the best reputation among consumers. Warburton, the auto analyst, disagrees. He cites the company's inability to make money so far, the high price for its automobiles and concerns about quality. "Tesla's single biggest challenge now is to ramp up production, yet its manufacturing capabilities are dismal, its quality poor and its approach wild," he wrote, adding that he expects output of the Model 3 to take much longer to accelerate than Musk is claiming. The note comes after one of Tesla's biggest bullish analysts, Adam Jones of Morgan Stanley, downgraded the stock earlier this month on worries that competition will increase from large tech firms like Alphabet Inc. and Apple, and expenses being higher than he had previously expected. The debate has been heating up on Wall Street lately as to what the future of Tesla looks like, with Musk himself jumping into the debate on Twitter. While the stock is sitting near record highs, short interest is also elevated at 27 percent, compared with 7 percent at Netflix and 10 percent at Twitter. Tesla has seven buys, 10 holds and six sells with an average price target of $274.87, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. It closed Friday at $325.14. SundayMonday Business on 05/29/2017 Print Headline: Tesla's fans, foes split along tech, auto lines Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Retailer building heavy-lift drones Latest update to Windows 10 can do a number o... Retailer bankruptcies on record pace Business news in brief Tesla's fans, foes split along tech, auto lin... Bankruptcy watch Wal-Mart pins its e-commerce hopes on Lore Trucker program moves lost pets New living concept going up; Little Rock town... More Business stories > Comments on: Tesla's fans, foes split along tech, auto lines To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Protest sparks Texas lawmaker threats of gun violence (18 comments) BRADLEY R. GITZ: The fate of Trump (21 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (33 comments) Merkel: U.S. no longer reliable (10 comments) Trump condemns killing of pair who tried to stop racist rant (6 comments) Montanan facing assault charge wins seat (56 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Apple Co-Founder Believes That Tesla Will Change World Going Forward, Not Apple Or Anyone... 1.2K SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News Apple Co-Founder Believes That Tesla Will Change World Going Forward, Not Apple Or Anyone Else Gwyn D'Mello May 29, 2017 1.2K SHARES Steve Wozniak may have helped found one of the biggest tech companies today, but it seems he doesn’t have high hopes for its innovational capabilities. In an interview with Bloomberg Canada, Wozniak mentions that he believes Apple will not be the source of the next big idea, but that will actually come from Eccentric entrepreneur extraordinaire, Elon Musk. “I think Tesla is on the best direction right now,” he said in the interview. “They’ve put an awful lot of effort into very risky things.” Wozniak mentions Musk’s futuristic outlook as proof of that, pointing out how he anticipated the trends for electric and self-driving cars, as well as other public transport systems like Hyperloop and the Boring Company. “They started with a car -- the Tesla Model S -- that made little sense in engineering terms in how much you have to build for what price and what the market will be,” Wozniak said. “It fit one person's ideal of this will be the most beautiful, you know, a very beautiful, elegant and simple device to use. “It was really built for Elon's own life. What car would he like? And when things come from yourself, knowing what you'd like very much and being in control of it that's when you get the best products,” he concluded. Wozniak speaks from experience of course, seeing as how Apple first gained popularity because it was designing computers that looked nothing like the standard fare back in the day. However, he doesn’t seem to think Apple is on the track of innovation anymore. In fact, it’s possible he believes the company has grown too big, and it’s now stagnating. “Look at the companies like Google and Facebook and Apple and Microsoft that changed the world - and Tesla included. They usually came from young people. They didn't spring out of big businesses,” Wozniak said. Maybe Apple’s creative spark really did die with Steve Jobs, and all the company is left with now is a growing pile of profit (which is great for them) and a growing worry about keeping their market lead (which is not). In tandem, those two things almost always lead to making only safe plays, never taking a risk. And if Wozniak is right, that means we’re in for a load of disappointment from Apple over the next couple of years. Don't Miss Elon Musk Reveals New Photos Of His Futuristic Underground Buses That Will Travel Under Cities The iPhone 8 May Be Much Smaller Than The Upcoming iPhone 7s Plus, New Leaked Images Suggest 452 SHARES China Turned On The World's Largest Floating Solar Plant Generating 40MW Of Clean, Green Energy 9.7K SHARES Zuckerberg Returns To Harvard To Get His Degree, 13 Years After Dropping Out To Start Facebook 14.9K SHARES Pepsi Is Experimenting With Insect & Worm Based Protein Substitute In Its Snacks And Drinks 1.8K SHARES 1.2K SHARES PROMOTED STORIES Two Red Dots Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a Disaster BusinessAdviceSource.com 10 Places To Retire and Pay Almost No Taxes Activly 15 Pancreatic Cancer Symptoms Not to Leave Unchecked PNC PNC Agent View - PNC Agent Alliance Vikings: Free Online Game This game will keep you up all night! Soldiers: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game just in Science And Future 145 SHARES The US Army's AR Goggle Will Give Soldiers Enhanced Awareness, Just Like In Video Games! Partner 37.2K SHARES India’s Heartthrob Barun Sobti’s Rocking Musical Avatar Is A Treat For Sore Eyes. Watch This Video To Know More News 312 SHARES Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin's Personal Airship Will Also Provide Help On Humanitarian Missions News 1K SHARES Alibaba Founder Jack Ma Has Inspiring Words For All, Says Success Depends On Handling Rejection His Neighbors Were Outraged at First. Now They Think He’.. Grizly News 1.7K SHARES Why Indian Army Of Ethical Hackers Earn Millions Abroad But Are Ignored At Home News The Tiny Hamlet Of Binsmi In Jharkhand Has Only 1,000 Houses, But It's Home To Over 900 Cyber Crooks Science And Future 30 Years From Now, Space Garbage Can Be A Huge Threat To Earth Science And Future 234 SHARES An Extremely Large Telescope That'll Help Us Peep Deeper Into Space Is Under Construction In Chile Shivansh is a 1 Y.O baby with Liver damage! Milaap Science And Future Edible Sheets Of Wonder Food That Can Transform Into Its Original Shape Is A Boon For Packaging News 4.1K SHARES An iPhone 6s Slowed Down Shrapnel, Saved Woman's Life In The Manchester Arena Terrorist Bombing News 3.2K SHARES After Reliance Jio's Complaint, TRAI Asks Airtel To Stop Misleading 4G Data Plan Subscribers News 1K SHARES Google's AlphaGo AI Just Beat The Number One Go Player In The World To Show Its Superior Skills The Secret To Long Legs With Cropped Pants From Old Navy Advice from a Twenty Something | Old Navy   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE who we are This Video Of Baby Walking Immediately After Being Born Is Breaking The Internet! Neha Borkar 78.1K SHARES celebscoop All Those Who Have Religious Insecurities, Randeep Hooda Has An Easy Solution For You! Garima Satija 27K SHARES india He May Be Battling Cancer But That Didn't Stop Him From Scoring 95% In Class 12 Board Exams KC Archana 26.5K SHARES Ad 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer celebscoop Priyanka Chopra To Be Conferred With Dadasaheb Phalke Award For Being An International Icon Saloni Singh 17.5K SHARES india Hindus And Sikhs In This Punjab Village Join Hands To Build A Mosque As A Ramzan Gift Shariq Majeed 21.6K SHARES india Inspiring Woman Studies By Day And Sells Parathas By Night To Fund Her PhD Indiatimes 26.7K SHARES Ad Find All The Accessories You'll Need To Own At Bal Harbou.. Bal Harbour world A Man In Portland Dies A Hero’s Death After Saving Two Muslim Girls From A Racist Neha Borkar 18.1K SHARES india Wife Switched Off Fan While Husband Was Sleeping, Gets An Instant Triple-Talaq Indiatimes 17.3K SHARES Sports Sachin Tendulkar Shows His Heart Of Gold, Helps Loyal Fan Sudhir Kumar Get Quick Visa To The UK Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 18.2K SHARES Ad Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Tue, May 30, 2017 | Updated 12.37 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Reliance JioFiber may offer 100GB data for Rs 500 EU to fund free Wi-Fi for European towns with no internet British Airways tech glitch: Union blame Indian IT companies Kerala CM inaugurates first IT building at Cyberpark After US setback, now IT firms seeing opportunity in China Digital India’s tech team in turmoil as some key members quit iSpirt Snapdeal allots stock for deal struck in 2015 How techies are trying to layoff-proof their careers RCom seeks deferment in loan re-payments till September PayU wants $100-million in the wallet this fiscal FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Infographics Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » Slideshows » 10 smartphones set to launch in India soon 10 smartphones set to launch in India soon Gadgets Now | Komal Mohan | May 29, 2017, 01.02 PM IST View as slideshow 1 / 8 10 smartphones set to launch in India soon We have entered almost the middle of the year 2017. The year so far has seen the launch of several flagship smartphones like Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 edge and LG G6. There has been hectic activity in the entry-level and mid-range segment too. The segment has seen several big-ticket launches from company's like Xiaomi, Lenovo, Motorola, Vivo and Oppo. Apple too launched new storage variants of Apple iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The company has also been launching some attractive offers for its entire range of products, including iPhone 5s. Globally, too the last few weeks have seen some big launches from companies like HTC, Motorola, Huawei and Sony. China-based OnePlus too is rumoured to launch its next flagship, dubbed OnePlus 5, in the coming weeks. So, all those planning to buy a new smartphone there's will be choices galore. For many of these smartphones are set to hit Indian shelves in the coming months. Here are 10 from the list ......Read more See Also SanDisk Ultra MicroSDHC 16GB UHS-I Class 10 Memory Card (SDSQUNB-016G-GN3MN)₹ 279 BUY NOW 2 / 8 OnePlus 5 OnePlus's upcoming flagship smartphone OnePlus 5 is among the most-awaited smartphones of the year. The smartphone has been keeping the rumour mills churning for months now. The smartphone's alleged images too have surfaced online. The company recently said that the upcoming smartphone will run on Qualcomm's latest processor Snapdragon 835. The processor has been confirmed by the US-based Qualcomm as well. There are numerous speculations about the design of the smartphone with some leaks suggesting OnePlus 5 to have horizontal rear camera, others betting on vertical dual rear camera setup. According to the screenshot detailing the AnTuTu listing, the smartphone runs on Android 7.1.1 Nougat (most likely serving as base for Oxygen OS), is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC, Adreno 540 GPU, coupled with 6GB of RAM and 64GB of base internal storage. It sports a Full HD (1080x1920 pixels resolution) display. The dual-camera setup at the back is expected to have two 16MP modules. (Representative image)...Read more See Also OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM + 64GB memory)₹ 29999 BUY NOW 3 / 8 Xiaomi Mi 6 Launched in China last month, Xiaomi's flagship smartphone Mi 6 is claimed to among the company's most awaited smartphones in India. Expected to be launched in India soon, Xiaomi Mi 6 is powered by Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 835 flagship SoC and has 6GB RAM. The smartphone sports a 5.15-inch Full HD display and has a four-sided 3D-glass design. It is the first Xiaomi smartphone to come sans the 3.5mm audio jack. Xiaomi Mi 6 runs on Android 7.0 Nougat operating system topped with MIUI skin. The smartphone comes in two variants based on internal storage - 64GB and 128GB. As for the cameras, Xiaomi Mi 6 has a dual-rear camera setup with 12MP lenses (one wide-angle and one telephoto), OIS and 4K video recording capability. There is also an 8MP selfie camera....Read more See Also Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Space Grey, 3GB RAM + 16 GB)₹ 8199 BUY NOW 4 / 8 HTC U11 HTC recently launched its flagship smartphone for the year 2017 -- HTC U11. The much-talked about smartphone comes with 'squeezable' bezels. The smartphone comes with 8 sensors on the side bezels to register the squeeze. These sensors are integrated with the Edge Sense and lets users 'long press' to launch apps. The feature can be customized inside the settings. As for specifications, the smartphone comes with a 5.5-inch QHD (2560x1440 pixels) Super LCD display with Corning Gorilla Glass 5 coating, is powered by the octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor along with 6GB or 4GB RAM. The 6GB RAM version comes with 128GB storage, while the 4GB RAM version includes 64GB inbuilt storage. On the camera front, the device includes 12MP autofocus rear camera with f/1.7 aperture and Dual Pixel tech The smartphone is already available in the US and the UK markets and is expected to hit the Indian retail stores soon....Read more See Also Intex IT-PB11K 11000 mAh Power Bank (White)₹ 799 BUY NOW 5 / 8 Moto C, C Plus Lenovo-owned Motorola's recently-launched two entry-level smartphones -- Moto C and Moto C Plus. Both the smartphones run Android 7.0 Nougat operating system and are powered by MediaTek processors. They have a 2MP front-facing camera with LED flash and sport a micro-textured rear panel. The Moto C comes with a 5-inch FWVGA display with 480x854 pixel resolution, is backed by a 2,350 mAh battery and features a 5MP rear camera. The device comes with 1GB of RAM and 8GB/16GB internal storage. On the other hand, the Moto C Plus sports a 5-inch HD display with 720x1280 pixel resolution, packs a 4,000 mAh battery and has 8MP rear camera with LED flash and É/2.2 aperture. The smartphones are expected to launch in India soon....Read more See Also Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar Grey)₹ 11999 BUY NOW 6 / 8 Nokia 6, 5, 3 With the classic Nokia 3310 (2017) hitting the India shelves recently, the Finnish company HMD Global is getting ready to launch other Nokia smartphones in the country. HMD Global is the brand license for Nokia smartphones worldwide. The company is expected to launch its Nokia 6, 5, 3 smartphones by June-end. Coming to the specs, the Nokia 6 includes a 5.5-inch Full-HD display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, 4GB of RAM and 64GB of expandable storage. For imaging duties, there's a 16MP rear camera and an 8MP front-facing shooter. It is backed by a 3,000mAh battery. The Nokia 5 sports a 5.2-inch display, 2GB RAM, 16GB inbuilt storage, Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor, 13MP rear camera, 8MP front-facing camera and 3000mAh battery life. As for Nokia 3, it features a 5-inch HD IPS display, quad-core MediaTek MT6737 processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB expandable storage, 8MP rear camera, 8MP front-facing camera and 2650mAh battery life. HMD Mobile India vice president Ajey Mehta recently told ET that the company has plans to launch exclusive brand stores in the country and rope in over 400 distributors to re-build the strong offline retail presence....Read more See Also Samsung On7 Pro (Gold)₹ 9490 BUY NOW 7 / 8 Sony Xperia XZ Premium Sony is likely to launch its Xperia XZ Premium smartphone in India next month. The premium smartphone is successor to Xperia XZ, launched in India in October 2016. The smartphone sports a 5.5-inch 4K resolution display and runs on Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC. Sony Xperia XZ Premium packs 4GB of RAM and 64GB of expandable storage. For imaging, the smartphone comes with a 19MP rear camera and a 13MP front-facing snapper, with 3,230mAh battery rounding off the spec sheet....Read more See Also Lenovo Vibe K5 (Grey)₹ 7499 BUY NOW 8 / 8 Huawei P10 Huaweis P10 smartphone too is expected to hit the Indian market in the next few months. The smartphone sports a 5.1-inch full-HD display. It has a glass coating with (1080x1920 pixels) resolution. The Huawei P10 smartphone powered by the company's latest octa-core Kirin 960 processor coupled with 4GB RAM. In the optics department, the smartphone features 20MP + 12MP rear Leica cameras with f/1.8 aperture along with an 8MP front-facing camera with f/1.9 aperture. The smartphone is backed by a 3,200mah battery....Read more In the store Redmi 4A (Grey, 16GB)₹ 5999 BUY Xiaomi Redmi 4(3GB + 32GB)₹ 8999 BUY Xiaomi Redmi 4(2GB + 16GB)₹ 6999 BUY SanDisk Ultra MicroSDHC 16GB UHS-I Class 10 Memory Card (SDSQUNB-016G-GN3MN)₹ 399 BUY JBL C300SI On-Ear Dynamic Wired Headphones (Black Color)₹ 799 BUY Samsung On5 Pro (Gold)₹ 7999 BUY Apple iPhone 6 (Space Grey, 32GB)₹ 26599 BUY Coolpad Note 5 Lite (Space Grey, 3GB RAM + 16 GB)₹ 8199 BUY Samsung On5 Pro (Gold)₹ 7990 BUY Moto G Play, 4th Gen (Black)₹ 7999 BUY Trending Galleries 9 Smartphones with Best Battery Backup 5 highest-selling smartphones worldwide 10 IT and telecom companies cutting jobs Amazon Great Indian sale: Hot gadgets available at discount 22 countries where iPhone 7 costs higher than in India 5 highest-selling smartphones worldwide 10 Android smartphone gimmicks once considered ‘innovations’ x GADGETS NOW About Us Contact Us RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Privacy policy Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oneplus 3T Moto G4 Plus Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 Moto E4 Samsung Galaxy On7 Oppo F3 Plus Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 Moto G4 Plus Nokia 6 Upcoming Mobiles Gionee S10B Xiaomi Mi Max 2 128GB Oppo R11 Plus Moto G5S Plus Moto G5S Meizu M5c Honor 6A 32GB Honor 6A LG X Venture Asus Zenfone Live 32GB LG Stylo 3 Plus Oppo A77 ZTE Max XL ZTE Blade X Max Xiaomi Redmi 4 Prime Samsung Galaxy C10 Plus Samsung Galaxy C10 Nubia Z17 Huawei Y7 Huawei Y3 2017 Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2 Asus Zenfone 4 Max Coolpad Cool Play 6 Sony Xperia X Ultra Latest Mobiles LG G6 Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Nokia 3310 New Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X Mobile Phones Nokia Mobiles Intex Mobiles Lenovo Mobiles Apple iPhones Moto Mobiles Vivo Mobiles Xiaomi Mobiles Samsung Mobiles Blackberry Mobiles Spice Mobiles Trending Stories Nokia 3310 New 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Apple iphone 7 Red Google Areo Flipkart acquires EBay Trending Topics H-1B Visa Airtel Reliance Jio Samsung S8 Launch Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechNews Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI 2017-05-29 08:39 - Mark Gurman, Bloomberg Post a comment 0 share: (Picture: AFP) RELATED ARTICLES Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Apple, Visa face patent infringement lawsuit over Apple Pay Rare Apple-1 auctioned for less than expected San Francisco - Apple made an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence - such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com and Alphabet in the booming field of artificial intelligence. READ: Apple's dilemma: what to do with $256bn cash pile While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI," said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. READ: Apple delivers higher profits, but iPhone sales slip An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Read more about: apple  |  artificial intelligence share: More In This Category Everything you should know about the Nokia 3310 landing in SA SA firm to use AI to predict crime before it happens London chaos lingers as British Airways revives computers Online gamblers lose big time over illegal winnings Most Popular Read Everything you should know about the Nokia 3310 landing in SA SA firm to use AI to predict crime before it happens New Vodacom service aims to attract more YouTube viewers London chaos lingers as British Airways revives computers Online gamblers lose big time over illegal winnings Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS Meghalaya MP asks PM Modi to reconsider ban on sale of cattle for slaughter Sabzar Bhat killing: Restrictions continue in parts of Kashmir 'Revision in WPI, IIP base year will raise 2016-17 GDP by 50 bps' Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Arvind Kejriwal warns of action over medicine crunch in hospitals Top players to watch in the Champions Trophy New poll puts Macron's party on top in French parliament vote Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 12:08 PM | 30 Maymarket stats SENSEX 31,14030.48 NIFTY 50 9,6104.70 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,95151.00 USD/INR 64.640.20 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How Indian IT can compete with Google and Facebook and show the world a better way By TOI Contributor | May 29, 2017, 10.24 AM IST Post a Comment Autocratic “digital sovereignty“ like China or Russia cannot be India's way: more than any other society , India stands to benefit economically from the open worldwide Net. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You By Mishi Choudhary and Eben Moglen The world's major societies are now wrestling with the enormous social power wielded by the internet's “platform companies“.In Europe they speak of “GAFA“: Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon.Twitter, Uber and other aspirant companies hover just out of the main ring. Billions of people provide data about their personal lives and business activities to these companies, which are using that data as leverage to change human behaviour to their economic advantage.Governments everywhere see them as rivals to their power and also invaluable allies. India and its government too face immense challenges, but also an extraordinary opportunity , if GoI can lead India in the right direction. Essentially , three basic approaches to deal with the power of these American data miners have emerged. First, the US government sees them as pillars of post-industrial American power, and as an immense national security intelligence resource. It is therefore their strategic ally. Second, proponents of “digital sovereignty“, mostly autocracies, have chosen to build national search engines and social media structures, favouring domestic private market entrants (as has happened in Russia and China), and by exercising control over national telecommunications networks to block the US companies. Third, the European Union has attempted to control the companies' behaviour by regulation and litigation. Europe's open and democratic societies have been as fully colonised by the platforms as the US: the plurality of their citizens' email is read by Google, most of their citizens' social and family lives are surveilled by Facebook, and so on. The European Commission and national governments mostly attempt to regulate the companies through competition and “data protection“ law, both of which assume that profiting by collecting information about customers and their behaviour is essentially legitimate, and that the states' functions should be to require a “level playing field“ for local companies, and the acquisition of uninformed “opt-in“ clocks from the citizens whose intimate lives are being commoditised. Even the pursuit of these very narrow neo-liberal goals, however, means undertaking vastly expensive and complex litigation against the platform companies, expending time and taxpayers' money on the largest scale, with uncertain results at best. India has a golden opportunity to find a fourth way . The market in internet services ­ that is, information technology for use by people in their daily lives ­ is now dominated by companies that provide “free“ services in return for massive privacy invasion. This model, in which the consumer is the product, is doing enormous harm to the human race and destroying our privacy environment completely , in order to provide people supposedly “free“ email and other forms of social communication, calendaring and similar services “in the cloud“. Autocratic “digital sovereignty“ like China or Russia cannot be India's way: more than any other society , India stands to benefit economically from the open worldwide Net. No Indian government can afford to use its law officers, its Competition Commission and its taxpayers' money to spend years litigating with Google, Microsoft, or Facebook over individual business practices, in the European style. But to take an American free-market position with respect to the US platform companies is to endorse an immense act of digital colonialism, in which the private lives of more than a billion Indian citizens are delivered “free“ to the data miners. India's greatest advantages in 21st century global economic competition are the intelligence and education of its people. Software and network-based service industries are core components of any Digital India economic strategy .European countries intuit that spending hundreds of millions of euros and years in litigation with Google over whether search results prioritise Google services contributes less to European welfare than building a European business that would compete with Google globally . But this isn't aerospace and they don't know how. India can. India can invent competition that challenges not just the platform companies but their basic, anti-environmental business model. Indian internet companies can provide global digital service platforms that protect, rather than destroy, privacy . Indian internet industries can provide reasonably priced, universally available, privacy respecting services that compete directly with services provided by the US data miners, priced reasonably in local terms in all the developed and developing societies. Indian industries, providing state-of the-art cloud services ­ social networking, email, travel, calendaring, on-line retailing everywhere, etc ­ could very profitably , given Indian cost structures, compete to provide those services to everyone in the world who has seen the error of “free“ services based on privacy invasion, and wants an alternative she can pay for, with confidence in the privacy technology that is all open source, and works in their interest rather than someone else's. This is “for-profit, pro-privacy IT for humanity .“ And because of the economies of scale in this business, industry will be able to provide Indians with deeply subsidised or no-cost services, based not on invading or selling their privacy to multinationals, but as a consequence of the redistributive effect of selling first world consumers their data privacy as an export industry . As a method of restoring competitive health to an industry , nothing succeeds like competition. India can not only secure its strategic economic role in the 21st century global order, not only provide its own people with a chance to raise themselves by serving their own needs and the world's, but also help restore the privacy environment for all humanity by controlling the platform companies directly , positively, profitably, by making a better mousetrap. The world will beat a path to India's door. (Mishi Choudhary is a technology lawyer. Eben Moglen is Professor of Law and Legal History at Columbia Law School) Comments(0)Add Comments How Indian IT can compete with Google and Facebook and show the world a better way To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Chandra's the name when it comes to Indian IT! Indian IT: Action shifting from traditional services to digital technology Hope US visa rehaul considers Indian IT's positive role: IT secretary Aruna Sundararajan For Indian IT, president Trump may not be as bad as candidate Trump How India can turn pending American legislation against immigration, which targets Indian IT, into an opportunity READ MORE ONindian ITGoogleFacebook Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Building for a Cause with Lowe’s & Habitat for Humanity Lowe's Build Open Source Apps At Hyper Scale With Hyper Speed: Tr.. Microsoft Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored AdsMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Watch: The World Through Wes Anderson's Eyes Fandor The Jeans Girlfriends Are Obsessed With Right Now Chico's Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St.. Bal Harbour If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game Vodafone, BSNL ink pan-India 2G intra-circle roaming pact Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software A nation of immigrants, but ambivalent about immigration An evolution from wristwatch to smartwatch Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Infosys renames Mana to Nia on SAP protest Indian IT industry is alive and kicking: Tata Group chief N Chandrasekaran Is Bengaluru being Bangalored? Layoffs, job loss fears leave techies reeling under uncertainty Internet's hidden warriors: Young Indians work to remove sexually & racially abusive content 36.5 mn Android users may have been infected by 'Judy' More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebNarendra Modi in Germany|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex Live Harvard Business School Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
null
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Apple’s iOS Setting app needs a major UI overhaul Kirk McElhearn 29 May, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News When you set up a new iPhone or iPad, a few screens walk you through some of the most important settings for the device. You’re asked to enter your Apple ID and password; you’re asked if you want to use location services; and you get queried about Siri. But beyond that, iOS starts working with a slew of default settings. It’s up to you to find them, figure them out and tweak them. Unfortunately, the iOS Settings app can be confusing. It’s hard to find what you need to change and some settings are buried in sub-sub-sub-menus. I count 44 different top-level settings categories on my iPhone and then 84 more because third-party apps also have entries, many of which contain options that are also found in the Location, Notifications, Background App Refresh, Cellular Data and Privacy settings. Few of them contain any actual app settings, and those that do also provide access to those settings from the individual apps. If I add up the iOS settings and the app settings, I have a total of 128 top-level entries in the Settings app. And many users will have more than that, because they have more apps on their devices. (For some reason, I don’t always see these third-party app settings on my iPhone or iPod touch, but I do see them on both my iPads. When I started writing this article, they were not to be found on my smaller devices; the next day, when I was revising my draft, they were visible. Some users have reported this issue. This is a problem because there may be app settings that I cannot access on certain devices.) Fortunately, back in iOS 9, Apple added an option to search the Settings app. It wasn’t visible though; you had to pull down on the screen to access a search box. In iOS 10, Apple changed this and the search box is always visible. So if you’re trying to find a specific setting, you should be able to type its name in the search box and find it, right? Not really. If you search for “Automatic Downloads,” an iTunes Store setting, you can’t find it from the search box; if you want to find the “Enable 4G” setting, searching won’t help; and so on. Many settings don’t show up in the search box and, while I could figure out where to find these, the search box is also a shortcut to not have to scroll and tap to get to a buried setting. But the Settings app is still confusing. It’s hard to know where to look for many of the settings, and if you don’t know what a specific setting is called, you won’t be able to search for it. In addition, there’s no help for the settings; some have text explanations, but you can’t have tooltips, or a Help icon in iOS, to provide more information. I think Apple needs to rethink the way the Settings app works, and the way settings are organised. There are hundreds of discrete settings, making it very confusing to really get a handle on how things work on iOS. In addition, the existence of third-party app settings in the Settings app is wrong. In the early days of iOS, when there were few apps, this may have made sense, but it’s more logical to look for app settings in the apps. It’s also easier to access them, since you don’t need to switch to the Settings app, perhaps change a setting, return to the third-party app to check how something looks, switch back, and so on. Apple does a good job of choosing default settings that work for most users, but every user eventually needs to change some settings. It would be great if this were easier. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Pull Excel data into Word 2011 docs NetUse Traffic Monitor for Mac Apple Pay tops Tim Cook’s to-do list in China What you don’t know about passwords might hurt you Deleting Music app tracks under iOS 6 Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Six essential settings to make your iPhone and iPad display easier on the eyes Nope, you don’t have to settle for itty-bitty text on your iPhone screen, nor must you deal with buttons that don’t look anything like buttons. Once... iOS 10.3.1 update is now available One week after Apple released iOS 10.3, a major update to the operating system for the iPhone and iPad, the company has released another iOS update. On... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide Western Digital My Passport and My Book hard drives Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs Help FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Advertise Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals Connect with us RAZMAG.com Music THEHOTLIST.am Replay Collections Mobile Charts iPhone iPad Android Wearables Mac TV Movies Deals iBooks: The Best Books of the Year (So Far) Share Tweet 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext Apple Celebrates Life and Work of Sir Roger Moore Apple -Really- Wants You To Switch To iPhone Books iBooks: The Best Books of the Year (So Far) By Arron Hirst 29th May 17 3:27 am Share Tweet Looking for something to read this bank holiday? … If you are, you may want to check out Apple’s picks for the Best Books to Have Hit iBooks – in the past six months. “2017 is proving to be a remarkable year for books,” the iBooks editors note. “Dive into the novels we couldn’t put down, the thrillers with killer twists, some under-the-radar picks you may have missed and incredible real-life tales.” Revealed on Sunday by way of a mailblast sent out to iOS readers, among the iBooks Editors’ picks for The Best Books of 2017 (So Far): J.P. Delaney’s The Girl Before, Dragon’s Green by Scarlett Thomas and Gail Honeyman’s Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine. Explore Them All on iBooks. More info iPhone + iPad iBooks FREE Other anticipated books that you may want to check out and that are currently making a splash on the pre-order front: The Girl Who Takes an Eye for an Eye by David Lagercrantz, How to Stop Time by Matt Haig and Exile by James Swallow. Meanwhile, Apple’s FREE ’Book of the Week’ is Taran Matharu’s The Novice – which is described as a superbly immersive opening to the author’s Summoner fantasy trilogy. “Even better, it’s free this week. Come back each week for a different free selection,” Apple says. And finally – if thrillers are more your bag then you’ll definitely want to check out the company’s current selection of Thrillers for £1.99 or Less, which includes the likes of Obsession by Amanda Robson, Good as Gone by Amy Gentry and Don’t Wake Up by Liz Lawler. Continue Reading You may also like... 20 iOS Games Under $5 — This Weekend [LIST] @ThisIsSigrid is #UpNext Apple Celebrates Life and Work of Sir Roger Moore Apple -Really- Wants You To Switch To iPhone Related Topics:2017, Bank Holiday, Book of the Week, Books, Deals, Digital, Dragon's Green, eBooks, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine, Featured, featured top, Free, Gail Honeyman, iBooks, J.P. Delaney, May, Pre-Order Now, Reading, Scarlett Thomas, Summer's Most Anticipated, The Girl Before, Weekend, What To Read Arron Hirst In an attempt to merge the worlds of music, design and journalism, Arron is perhaps best known for founding online news brand: RazorianFly; a hobby which grew to attract a monthly audience of 120K. Today he can be found designing and writing for RAZMAG.com whilst also managing #THEHOTLIST - a weekly updating playlist of the hottest new artists, now streaming on Apple Music. More in Books Books iBooks Offers Up Fiction for £1.99 Or Less, (incl. #Rotherweird + More) By Arron Hirst14th May 17 1:28 am If you like nothing more than to sit down with a good book, you might be... Books iBooks: Shocking Twists — 10 Thrillers for 99p. By Arron Hirst16th Apr 17 5:52 am Perhaps you’d rather spend today snuggled up on the sofa with your iPad? …If that sounds... Books iBooks: Great Books. Amazing Deals. By Arron Hirst11th Apr 17 12:35 am Love reading? … Now might be a good time to get yourself over to the iBooks... Books iBooks: Bestsellers By Category By Arron Hirst7th Apr 17 7:00 pm Following highlighting Spring’s most-anticipated books – last month, the iBooks Editors are this month outlining the... Apple Now Available To Pre-Order On iBooks: ‘The CARTEL 7’ By Arron Hirst15th Mar 17 3:59 am Expected to see its global release on July 25 – and currently available to pre-order through... Apple Explore New Thrills From Patterson, Baldacci. Plus: Grab A Mystery for $3.99 … Or Less! By Arron Hirst13th Mar 17 1:19 am Sending out two new blasts to iBooks lovers, Apple kicked up its efforts to highlight the... Books iBooks: Spring’s Most Anticipated Books By Arron Hirst5th Mar 17 8:38 pm Eager to highlight what books are coming to its iBooks Store – this Spring, Apple over... Books Apple Promotes ‘Read-Aloud’ Books With FREE Dora Title By Arron Hirst27th Jan 17 10:00 pm Inviting parents and guardians to make reading time even more magic for their little ones, Apple... Books Apple Debuts ‘iBooks StoryTime’ for Apple TV By Arron Hirst11th Nov 16 9:56 pm Apple has launched a new app for use with the Apple TV – this week. #THEHOTLIST A weekly updating playlist full of the hottest breaking vibes. Now streaming — Only on MUSIC. Weekly Pick More info iPhone + iPad Marvel: Color Your Own FREE Current Promotions ✨ Explore these digital deals — but hurry! Lego Batman: 2-Movie Bundle X-Men: $9.99 Movies Recent Releases: $7.99 or Less 69¢ Songs Fiction: £1.99 or Less HD Film Bundles 99p HD Movie Rentals Under £5: Futurescapes Bestsellers for £3.99 HD TV Series Under £10 TV Series Under £5 Discovered on MUSIC BUY Stickers See All More info iPhone + iPad Sticker Pop! $0.99 More info iPhone + iPad MarcyMoji FREE The RAZBlast™ A weekly roundup of what's new, breaking and trending — Coming Summer 2017. Email Address Hot Movies See All Explore these trending movies .... ﻿ BUY Logan $14.99 BUY Get Out $14.99 BUY John Wick: Chapter 2 $14.99 Browse the App Store Choose a category to get started ... Books Business Catalogs Education Entertainment Finance Food & Drink Games Indie Games Health and Fitness Lifestyle Magazines & Newspapers Medical Music Navigation News Photo & Video Productivity Reference Shopping Social Networking Sports Stickers Travel Utilities Weather Where to Next? iOS | Apple's mobile operating system. iPhone | The phone that changed it all. iPad | Cupertino's magical tablet. Mac | Insanely Great. Rising on Mac See All More info Mac Holy Potatoes! We’re in Space?! $13.99 More info Mac SimCity™: Complete Edition $29.99 More info Mac Never Alone $14.99 Search the Archive Search the Archive Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 February 2012 August 2011 January 2011 0 ABOUT POLICY RSS Copyright © 2017 RAZMAG.com. The Apple® logo, App Store®, iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, Mac®, iTunes®, watchOS® and tvOS™ are trademarks of Apple Inc. iOS is a trademark or registered trademark of Cisco in the U.S. and other countries. All other content remains the property of its respective owners. RAZMAG™ is a division of RazorianFly. version 10.0 To Top
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy 'Arnab Goswami lacks integrity, credibility as a journalist': Full text of Kerala MP's open letter to Republic TV editor World's cities may be 8 degrees Celsius hotter by 2100, warn researchers 'Period Paatu': Sofia Ashraf sings about menstrual hygiene in Tamil folk storytelling form Singer Abhijeet Bhattacharya's new Twitter account suspended hours after his first tweet The Hashimpura massacre: A short oral history, told by survivors more from #Apple Chinese app for lesbians shuts down, website and social media accounts also go offline Apple wants to expand facility of contract manufacturer in India: IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple wants to expand facility of contract manufacturer in India: IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad By tech2 News Staff /  29 May 2017 , 08:48 #Apple The image shows iPhone SE Apple Inc wants to expand its contract manufacturer’s facility in the southern Indian tech hub of Bengaluru, as the iPhone maker seeks a bigger share in one of the world’s biggest smartphone markets. Ravi Shankar Prasad, the federal minister for Electronics and IT said, government officials were in touch with Apple and other mobile phone manufacturers for expanding facilities and setting up new plants. Cupertino, California-based Apple last week started making iPhone SE at its Taiwanese contract manufacturer Wistron’s plant in Bengaluru. A small batch of locally made iPhones was rolled out initially, meant as a test for the manufacturing facility. A select few local shops were stocking the “Made in India” iPhones since 2 May, and the manufacturing of the devices had been completed in April itself. The Indian government has agreed to provide Apple with tax concessions on the import of components to be used in the locally made iPhones. Apple had sought a 15 year tax holiday for all imported components, a demand which was rejected. A panel of ministries instead offered concessions on the components that could not be manufactured in India. “Today, almost all the big companies of the world are coming to India because of the sheer pull of India’s market,” Prasad has said. With inputs from Agencies  Publish date: May 29, 2017 8:48 am| Modified date: May 29, 2017 8:53 am Tags: Apple, Apple make in India, Bengaluru, China, global, India, iPhone, iPhone SE, IT Minister, Make In India, Wistron Also read Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone X Recommended For You Apple may be working on a dedicated AI chip for the upcoming iPhone Apple opens its first official store in South East Asia Tech companies increase acquisitions to build artificial intelligence-enabled systems Qualcomm files an appeal in US court; demands that Apple pay for phone patents Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #JioFiber May 30, 2017 Reliance JioFibre is likely to arrive in Diwali, offers include 100 GB of data for Rs 500 #Japan May 30, 2017 Japan’s plan for package delivery by drones, self driving trucks to be finalised on 9 June #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Facebook May 30, 2017 Pakistani banned outfits are operating openly on Facebook, claims report #OnePlus May 30, 2017 OnePlus announces the return of ‘Lab’ after teasing OnePlus 5 camera sample on Twitter #Rajasthan Jail May 30, 2017 SC stays order to remove mobile towers near Rajasthan jails SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 Apple bringing artificial intelligence to chips Booming field: A man uses his phone as he walks past an Apple store in Beijing. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence (AI) software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence – such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices currently handle complex AI processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding AI processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling AI tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it is unclear if the component would be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also planned to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload AI-related tasks, the person said. Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple planned to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to AI, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Apple Related Stories Related Stories Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute and sign new deal Apple invests US$200mil in Corning Apple becomes first US firm to top US$800bil value Apple market cap larger than the economies of 45 of the 50 US states Bosch wins IPhone orders in blow to InvenSense You May Be Interested CIMB Research expects better quarters ahead for Sunway Geely's tie-up will free Proton from perpetual govt subsidy, says MP Genting Bhd shares up, GentingM down after Q1 earnings Petronas okays Hibiscus’ purchase of Shell stake in Sabah venture 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read More US tourists coming to our shores soon ‘Cycling enhances relationships’ Spotify agrees to fund to settle copyright suits Property Related advertisement Latest News BAT to expand 'glo' smokeless tobacco sales in Japan from July MRCB's projected earnings for FY 17 down 11% on thinner construction margins Barakah Offshore posts Q1 pre-tax loss of RM3.15m Celcom sets aside RM1.5b as capex to expand network EPF says Q1 investment income up 74% to RM11.8b Most Viewed in Business Singapore’s MAS completes 2yr review of banks in 1MDB deals GentingM, CIMB, Maybank push KLCI into the red Geely's tie-up will free Proton from perpetual govt subsidy, says MP TRC to tender for MRT, LRT projects this year Greece, Italy tensions hit euro, Asian stocks, lift yen, gold Supermax posts Q3 earnings of nearly RM20m Sunway posts RM108m profit EPF says Q1 investment income up 74% to RM11.8b Bank Negara kicks off fintech sandbox AirAsia warns of free ticket scam advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI SAN FRANCISCO: A total of 34 artificial intelligence (AI) start-ups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in AI or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc’s Google has acquired 11 AI start-ups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc, Facebook Inc and Intel Corp, respectively, according to CB Insights. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a start-up that specialises in working with unstructured data. The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co invested US$1bil in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc. Start-ups are looking to go deep on applications of AI to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Startups Related Stories Related Stories Rocket Internet narrows losses, boosts sales at key startups Research tool to track animals’ brain activity US startups load up on debt "Investing for good' gains appeal amid rocky tech startup market Discontent among startup community in Sweden You May Be Interested Celcom sets aside RM1.5b as capex to expand network QL Resources core net income forecast to dip by 5% in FY18-20 RHB Research upgrades Hong Leong Bank to Buy Singapore’s MAS completes 2yr review of banks in 1MDB deals 5 ways to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read More US tourists coming to our shores soon Hansen expects ABs to face 'Warrenball' in Lions tests Court allows suit challenging DBKL parking appointment Property Related advertisement Latest News BAT to expand 'glo' smokeless tobacco sales in Japan from July Barakah Offshore posts Q1 pre-tax loss of RM3.15m Celcom sets aside RM1.5b as capex to expand network EPF says Q1 investment income up 74% to RM11.8b Mclean seeks RM1.26m from Decor after profit shortfall Most Viewed in Business Singapore’s MAS completes 2yr review of banks in 1MDB deals GentingM, CIMB, Maybank push KLCI into the red Geely's tie-up will free Proton from perpetual govt subsidy, says MP TRC to tender for MRT, LRT projects this year Greece, Italy tensions hit euro, Asian stocks, lift yen, gold Supermax posts Q3 earnings of nearly RM20m Sunway posts RM108m profit EPF says Q1 investment income up 74% to RM11.8b Bank Negara kicks off fintech sandbox AirAsia warns of free ticket scam advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
