Home Advertisements Employment Print Editions Story Ideas? Staff News Features Sports Entertainment Home » Entertainment, Technology Outnumbered sex Submitted by Jack A. Webb on October 5, 2016  12:00 pmOne Comment Apple recently held a keynote address in San Francisco on Sept. 7 to unveil the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2, and Airpods, Apple’s latest attempt at pushing wireless headphones. It seemed as if this event gave us everything that Apple fans, like myself, have been asking for for years: a water resistant iPhone, built in GPS on the Apple Watch, and wireless headphones designed by Apple. Everything that graced that Bill Graham Civic Auditorium stage had been speculated about for months. It’s what didn’t get much stage time that caught my attention. Apple, who prides itself on being inclusive and diverse, had only three women address the excited crowd (and even less people of color). According to Mic, this attributes to about 7% of the speaking time for women during the keynote. Of the 19 executives at the top of Apple’s leadership, only three are women. Two women serve on Apple’s eight-member board of directors. Why is this I often wonder? Given the fact that women largely outnumber men in college and account for roughly 60% of bachelor’s degree holders in the United States, according to Fortune Magazine. The answer may lie the good old-fashioned stereotype that ‘boys are better at science and math than girls’ and the lack of encouragement that girls receive in pursuing STEM careers from those around them. Whatever the case may be, gender diverse companies, not only look better, but their teams have greater creativity and make better decisions, according to researchers at the University of Castilla la Mancha, Spain. Companies with the highest female representation outperformed competing companies by 42%. Facebook’s COO Sheryl Sandberg, author of “Lean In” said, “No industry or country can reach its full potential until women reach their full potential. This is especially true of science and technology, where women with a surplus of talent still face a deficit of opportunity.” Apple understands this need to grow more diverse and they have made efforts to improve this. Their global female team has increased from 31% to 37% since 2014. I believe the world will benefit when all ideas are valued and everyone has a seat at the table. One Comment » James says: October 19, 2016 at 3:20 pm I absolutely love the iPhone 7, I think Apple did a great job and if I might say an even better job on the iPhone 7 plus, well for me at least. I think the employment of women in general is on the rise. I work in fast-paced retail and it was definitely obvious to see the company just preferred employing men. So this catch 22 cycle happened for a number of years. Women were perceived as not being able to do the job and so women were not given the chance to show that they could do the job. Unfortunately this mentality still exists in the company but I am starting to see it slowly fade away, if all be it not fast enough. Apple should definitely look more to the strengths on women innovation, in-fact some of the best apps I have used for exercise have been designed by women. A pretty big thing to be missing out on for Apple I would say. Thanks for the great information, let’s hope we see changes sooner, rather than later. News » UPComing Poetry and Cupcakes in November The University Program Council (UPC) at UALR has been hard at work planning events for the month of November. All of the events are free and open to students. To kick off the UPC events in … More articles » Features » Job opportunities on campus EIT Office Assistant EIT is seeking a work-study student for an office assistant position. The job will consist of answering phones, filing, running errands on campus and other duties as assigned. To apply contact … More articles » Sports » Men’s Basketball poised for another championship run Basketball is back at the Jack Stephens Center. From Nov. 8th through Nov. 14th, the Trojans hosted three games at the Jack in which they won in dominating fashion. The first was an exhibition game against … More articles » Entertainment » Kevin Hart’s stand-up routine is a hit on the big screen Kevin Hart’s “What Now” is a hilarious combination of stand-up comedy and traditional cinema. The well-known comedian’s routine, filmed live at Lincoln Financial Field in Philadelphia, accompanies an all-star cast to create a unique movie … More articles » More Videos Archive November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 April 2016 March 2016 Tag Cloud baseball basketball Bozeman Butler Chastity Reed Clayborn Waters concert Foley freshman Golf homecoming queen housing Jack Stephens Center Janette Merriex Joe Foley Lady Trojans little rock movie music news Norwood Reed research review Rolfe safety SBC SBC Tournament SGA Shanika Butler Shields soccer sports Steve Shields Sun Belt Conference Taylor Ford Taylor Gault Tennis That Damned Ellis Kid Timeout! track and field Trojans UALR UALR Trojans volleyball Recent Posts I Am With You Trojan Soccer shows out on Senior Night Lady Trojans take straight sets victory Men’s Basketball poised for another championship run The Struggle is Real: Can I hold $20? Kevin Hart’s stand-up routine is a hit on the big screen UPComing Poetry and Cupcakes in November Toro accepts position in Connecticut Veterans to receive recognition during appreciation week Police Beat Nov. 2 Home Sweet Homecoming Week SGA continues to push for football Science Says: It’s a (booby) trap! What’s Happening in Little Rock Local Artist Spotlight: Shanelle Harris Job opportunities on campus Did You Know? Halloween is more Irish than St. Patrick’s Day by Kyra Hawkins Most Commented Missing student found; death ruled homicide Top 20 Songs of 2010 The Forum takes numerous awards at annual convention Competitive electronic gaming growing worldwide App relieves student stress It's a beautiful day in Istanbul! UALR celebrates Earth Day Three options to edit PDFs for free using any computer Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers roll into Little Rock Best-selling author, nationally syndicated columnist makes appearance at UALR CALLING ALL TROJANS: costumed tricycle race registration now open Students find social media just one of many distractions Three-pointers lift UALR in win over Tulsa Tennis team's 5-game winning streak ended at home Student rooms at UALR going viral Powered by WordPress | Log in | Entries (RSS) | Comments (RSS) | Arthemia Premium theme by Colorlabs Project
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,187.65 0.53 (0.02%) Dow 30 18,905.94 2.12 (0.01%) The Latest: Analysts are lukewarm about Google's new gadgets Associated PressOctober 4, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- The Latest on Google's product event (all times local): 12:45 p.m. Analysts say Google's new lineup of phones, other devices and artificial intelligence services may have trouble attracting consumers in large numbers, at least for now. For instance, so-called intelligent assistants often don't live up to their early promises, says analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy. What's more, he warned that Google's service may use some of the information shared by users to create profiles for advertising. Google didn't address that in its presentation Tuesday. And while Google was smart to emphasize the performance of the new smartphone cameras, Moorhead added in an email, he said other features in the new phones don't seem very different from what Samsung and Apple have offered. Gartner's Brian Blau, meanwhile, said the new Google Assistant could help the company tie its various hardware and software offerings together. But he's also skeptical that Google's Pixel phones will dent Apple-Samsung dominance in the smartphone market, especially since Pixels will be more expensive than phones in Google's previous Nexus line. "To be honest, that was one of the attractive points" of the Nexus, he says. ___ 11 a.m. Google is making a greater commitment to hardware in unveiling new phones, a smart speaker and other gadgets. The products announced Tuesday also underscore Google's hope that by designing both hardware and the software — the way Apple has long done — products and features will work better, with little input needed from users. For instance, the new smart speaker called Home will be able to use voice to control Netflix and other video on Google's Chromecast streaming device. Google also hinted that the approach lets Google take full advantage of capabilities it's designing with artificial intelligence and machine learning. It hasn't offered examples, though, on what users will be able to do on its new Pixel phones that they won't be able to do on Android phones from Samsung and others. Another theme running throughout the event: Products will get smarter thanks to artificial intelligence technology developed by Google. The features demonstrated seem similar to what Amazon and Apple already offer with their virtual assistants. Google officials have repeatedly emphasized that its AI technology is in the early stages — so it remains to be seen what this new era for Google will lead to. ___ 10:25 a.m. Google is promoting its new Home smart speaker as a way to access Google's knowledge — hands free. It will suggest the best way to get places, thanks to Google Maps, or find answers from other sources, such as Wikipedia. A feature called My Day will also offer a summary of your upcoming day. You'll need to give Google permission to activate that. Amazon, Apple and Microsoft all have variations of such assistants. Home will work closely with other Google devices. For example, if you have a Chromecast streaming device, you can use Home to control video on your TV. The feature will be limited at first. In some cases, Google will have to fine tune the software to work with specific services. Netflix will be one of the first to work, so you can simply ask Google Home to start the Netflix show "Orange is the New Black." Home will be available for almost $130 and come with six months of YouTube Red, a $10-a-month ad-free subscription. Orders start Tuesday; Home will be in stores on Nov. 4. The cylinder-shaped Echo costs $180, though Amazon also sells a smaller version shaped like a hockey puck that sells for $50. ___ 10:15 a.m. Google is ready to start selling its echo of Amazon's Echo. The Echo is an internet-connected speaker featuring a voice-activated digital assistant. It's moving into more homes and lessening the need to find information on Google's search engine. As a counterpunch to Amazon, Google has built a similar two-way speaker that it simply calls "Home." It will be able to perform many of the same tasks as Echo, including playing music and fielding questions about everything from the weather to what's playing at the local theater. Google Home will also be able to control lights, appliances and other devices around the house, assuming you've installed "smart" versions of them. Read More Google teased the Home device at a technology conference in May and is offering more details Tuesday. Google is betting that the knowledge that it has gained while running the world's dominant search engine will make the computer-powered assistant in Home smarter than Amazon's Alexa in the Echo, which has been on the market since 2014. If you're feeling creepy about a speaker listening to your conversations, Google says you can turn the microphone off. ___ 10:12 a.m. Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix and other online video on big screens. The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher-resolution format called 4K. That's a feature already offered by larger, more expensive streaming devices such as the $100 Amazon Fire TV. Ultra will cost about $70. Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email, Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV. Google is facing competition with low-end devices. Roku just announced a $30 Express model that's about the size of a finger, while Amazon just updated its $40 Fire TV Stick. Both of those devices come with a remote, making them suitable stand-alone gadgets. But neither streams in 4K. ___ 10:10 a.m. Google wants to improve Wi-Fi in the home by creating its own router. The company says people use internet differently now, with games, video chatting and more on various devices throughout the home. The new Google Wi-Fi system will be modular — just add new components based on how your home and rooms are shaped. Software will help manage the various access points for you as you move around. It will cost almost $130 for the main device. A three-pack for larger homes will cost about $300. ___ 10:00 a.m. Google has unveiled its own virtual-reality headset, called Daydream View. It will differ from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. Daydream is a challenge to more sophisticated systems from Facebook's Oculus business, HTC and Sony — as well as to Google's own Cardboard effort. Cardboard is cheap — available for as little as $15 — but it doesn't offer much control over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your head. The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod, a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences. Although Google will make its own Daydream headset, it plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers. Google says 50 partners are bringing apps and games to Daydream, with more on the way. Google services such as photos, YouTube and Street View maps will also come to Daydream. The unveiling came at a Google event in San Francisco on Tuesday. Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for $79. ___ 9:50 a.m. Google is stepping up the marketing of its new Pixel phones, and will offer them through Verizon as well as Google's own online Play store. Previously, Google phones have largely been limited to online orders. The new phones will come in two screen sizes — 5 inches and 5.5 inches. The smaller one will cost about $650, with orders starting Tuesday; the larger version will go for about $750. Google says the camera on Pixel phones will be "excellent." Pixel owners will also get unlimited storage of photos at full resolution. Others get unlimited storage at high resolution of up to 16 megapixels; and anything sharper than that gets reduced in quality to qualify. However, Google's Pixels cameras are 12 megapixels, so they would have qualified under the regular plan anyway. The phones will be the first ones compatible with Google's upcoming Daydream virtual-reality system. ___ 9:40 a.m. Google is introducing a new line of smartphones in its most aggressive challenge yet to Apple and Samsung. The phones unveiled Tuesday in San Francisco will carry the Pixel brand, which Google has previously stamped on a tablet and a Chromebook laptop. The phones will have Google's virtual assistant and artificial intelligence service, Google Assistant, built in. The company says computing is becoming more dependent on AI, not just on being mobile. Google has released a series of its own phones, dubbed Nexus, since 2010. Those phones had limited distribution and were typically embraced by Google purists. Now, the company is casting aside the Nexus name as it aims to become an even more prominent player in the mobile market Google, of course, already provides the Android system software that powers more than 80 percent of the world's smartphones. The new push pits Google against a familiar foe in Apple and its iPhone. But it also poses a new threat to Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones. ___ 9:30 a.m. Google is taking a page from Apple's playbook by making a bigger push to build its own hardware. Rick Osterloh, head of Google's newly formed hardware group, says that by building hardware itself, Google can take full advantage of capabilities it's designing with artificial intelligence and machine learning. Apple has long taken a similar approach by designing both iPhone hardware and the iOS operating-system software that runs on it. Google has designed hardware before, but Osterloh says Google will now get deeper into it. ___ 9:15 a.m. Google is opening an event in San Francisco with a prediction that artificial intelligence will play a greater role in our lives. CEO Sundar Pichai says computing is transitioning to an artificial-intelligence-first world, just as it moved to a mobile-first world just a few years ago. Pichai says, "Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user. We want to build a Google for each user." Google services along those lines include Google Assistant, software that's designed to answer questions and retrieve information, conversation-style. Google Assistant made its debut in a chat app called Allo a few weeks ago. It will also be part of the upcoming Home smart speaker. Google is expected to announce more details at the event. The event — held at the former power plant for a chocolate factory — started with video showing characters from the HBO show "Silicon Valley" bantering about expectations. ___ 7:35 a.m. Google will ramp up its consumer electronics strategy Tuesday as it's expected to announce new gadgets at an event in San Francisco. The products include new smartphones and an internet-connected personal-assistant for the home similar to Amazon's Echo speaker. All are intended to showcase Google's software and online services. Analysts and industry blogs say a virtual-reality headset and a home router could also be on tap. Google makes most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more emphasis on hardware as it faces rivals like Apple, Amazon and Samsung. Julie Ask at Forrester Research says new devices could help Google keep its services front and center in the battle for consumers' attention. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next You can now safely use your iPhone behind the wheel without wires Yahoo Finance Google disappointed by South Korean refusal on mapping data Associated Press This fake-news writer says he makes over $10,000 a month, and he thinks he helped get Trump elected Business Insider Ad tech company Rubicon Project has lost its CTO Business Insider Alphabet's Eric Schmidt says Russia is the biggest cyber attack threat to the US Business Insider Why Trump scares GM and Ford Yahoo Finance 5 signs you're emotionally intelligent — even if it doesn't feel like it Business Insider Yellen: I'm not stepping down until my term is done CNBC AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends Bullard: Infrastructure Plan Could Boost Productivity Bloomberg Video From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Subaru just gave a glimpse at the future of its business with this striking new SUV Business Insider DIVIDED AMERICA: Easy retirement? Only for a privileged few Associated Press 'It was arrogance' — Clinton staffers explain how she lost key battleground states Business Insider China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press Trump Said to Tap Rep. Mike Pompeo to Head CIA Bloomberg Video US Jews grapple with election-year eruption of anti-Semitism r: I don't believe the claims of increased anti-semitism. This is just another Yaho News article intended to paint the picture that Trump is causing an increase of hate and prejudice, but notice there are few acts to support any of this. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 567 Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance Yellen: Repealing Dodd-Frank would increase odds of another financial crisis Yahoo Finance Will Donald Trump send the marijuana industry up in smoke? Yahoo Finance InPlay from Briefing.com Briefing.com Apple planning to take iPhone 8 camera quality to the next level BGR News OPEC Claims Oil Deal Progress, Iraq and Iran Pending Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance 5 things NOT to buy at Lowe’s and Home Depot MarketWatch Tech insiders weigh in on how Peter Thiel could shape Donald Trump's tech policy Yahoo Finance What you should do about exploding mortgage rates Yahoo Finance Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News Art Market Celebrates $1 Billion Week in New York City Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Donald Trump will inherit a robust economy Yahoo Finance Why a major tech company is going out of its way to hire employees with autism Yahoo Finance Salesforce soars on big earnings beat Business Insider Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Review: The Kanex GoPower Watch with integrated charger for juicing up your Apple Watch By Anthony Bouchard, Oct 5, 2016 Tweet 5 Comments A range of portable battery packs exist for juicing up your Apple Watch when you can’t get near a power outlet for a long-enough time, but not all of them have an integrated charging puck like the GoPower by Kanex does. Complete with the built-in Made for Apple Watch-certified charging puck, you aren’t going to have to twirl up your OEM Apple Watch charging cable anymore, and it even comes with a USB port on the back for powering up your other mobile devices on the go too. Inside of its compact package, it houses a 4,000 mAh battery that charges with any micro-USB cable you might have laying around. Fortunately, if you don’t have one, it comes with one. The little round button on the front is actually a toggle switch for the power indicator. Four blue LEDs complete the circle around the button, so a full circle means it’s fully charged, a half of a circle means it’s half-charged, and so-on. One thing that’s neat about this battery pack is it has a technology built into it to prioritize charging your Apple Watch over anything you connect to the USB port. This is important because phones, especially those with any kind of fast-charging technology, are going to be thirsty for power and could drain the Kanex’s internal battery before your watch even gets a charge. The manufacturer claims you can get 6 full Apple Watch charges out of the Kanex unit before it needs to be juiced back up, which is a pretty reasonable amount for the average traveler. If you’re talking iPhones, on the other hand, you might get 1-2 full charges out of it. Because of the smaller battery capacity compared to most battery packs, this isn’t something you would want to use only for charging iPhones or iPads. Ideally, this is to be used only with your Apple Watch, and to juice up your smartphone or tablet in an emergency situation. Priced at about $86 on Amazon, this battery pack does have a pricy edge to it compared to other higher-capacity battery packs on the market. Of course, with it, you get the integrated certified Apple Watch charging puck, which many other battery packs don’t have the bragging rights for. Here’s a summary of pros and cons I’ve put together for the Kanex GoPower: Pros: Integrated Made for Apple Watch-certified charging puck Lightweight and portable LED battery level indicator Includes a USB-out port for other devices Completely cordless Cons: A bit expensive for the limited 4,000 mAh capacity Plastic used as the primary build material What are your thoughts on the Kanex GoPower? Share with us in the comments below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Pod Pro review: the portable Apple Watch & iPhone battery dock Twelve South’s HiRise 2 Deluxe dock looks great with the new iPhone 7 Anker’s power banks and solar chargers keep your devices juiced up while on the go BatteryBox Mini keeps your iPhone (and much more) powered while on the go Related Topics Accessories, Apple Watch, Battery, Charger, Dock, iPad, iPhone, MFI, Opinion, Review, USB, USB Micro PhoneTechJay Need more ports for that price.. RW Meh. Take a look at the ZENS charger bank. Its only 1300 mAn but its much smaller and half to 2/3 the price. Puck built in, micro USB cable included. They make one tiny 1300 one and a bigger one that simultaneously can charge your phone. The tiny one is good including: Integrated Made for Apple Watch-certified charging puck Lightweight and portable LED battery level indicator Completely cordless Anthony Bouchard All your points come standard with this Kanex, which you’re seeing compared to a smaller 38mm Apple Watch. IMO, the smaller the portable battery, the less useful it is. You’ll just have to keep recharging it more often. mwpitt52 All the 5 star reviews on Zens Charger are from the people that received product for free. Other reviews complain that it does not hold charge and has to be constantly plugged in. Chris Wagers Price up to 85.89 now…   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all BREAKING NEWS: Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police department four days before the ambush attacks Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners want dark-horse Kansas official  Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the White House insists Congress must make the change Previous Next Apple is named the biggest corporate tax avoider in the US after booking $218 BILLION of profit offshore last year Tech giant was able to save $65.08 billion that it should have paid in tax Report reveals top 30 tax avoiders based in America collectively operated a staggering 2,509 tax haven subsidiaries Apple was the top with three foreign subsidiaries, all based in Ireland In second was pharmaceutical giant Pfizer with 181 offshore subsidiaries  Report reveals that last year three quarters of the Fortune 500 companies use subsidiaries in offshore tax havens In the US, this amounted to $715.62 billion in tax that they avoided paying  By Daily Mail Reporter Published: 15:46 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 09:38 EST, 5 October 2016 e-mail 7.3k shares 103 View comments Apple has been named as the biggest corporate tax avoider in the United States after booking $218.55 billion (£171.6 billion) of profit offshore last year. The tech giant was able to save $65.08 billion (£51.1 billion) that it should have paid in tax thanks to its convoluted arrangements. The report revealed that last year three quarters of the Fortune 500 companies use subsidiaries in offshore tax havens where they sent a total of $2.42 trillion (£1.9 trillion) of income. In the US alone this amounted to $715.62 billion (£561.9 billion) in tax which they avoided paying. Scroll down for video  Apple has been named as the biggest corporate tax avoider in the United States after booking $218.55 billion (£171.6 billion) of profit offshore last year The report of said many of the biggest companies in the world use a foreign office to ‘disguise’ their profits as coming from another country even if they are not. It was published days after Apple announced that it is building a massive new campus in Battersea, South London. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Yahoo secretly built software in 2015 to search customers'... Google unveils the 'AI phone' to take on Apple: Pixel... Incredible drone footage shows Apple's $5billion new... iPhone 7 finishes LAST in battery-life tests: Survey shows... Share this article Share 7.3k shares The 500,000 sq ft site will house Apple’s 1,400 employees in London and is part of a $9.93 billion (£7.8 billion) development of the site of a former power station. The report reveals that the the top 30 tax avoiders based in America collectively operated a staggering 2,509 tax haven subsidiaries. Apple was the top with three foreign subsidiaries, all in Ireland, but they constituted $218.55 billion (£171.6 billion) of profit booked overseas. Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook (above) has called attempts to make it pay more tax ‘political crap’ and has said that the company follows all relevant laws In second was pharmaceutical giant Pfizer with 181 offshore subsidiaries through which it funneled $192.57 billion (£151.2 billion) of income. The report also highlighted sports giant Nike which holds $10.57 billion (£8.3 billion) offshore whilst Goldman Sachs had £21.9 billion in foreign companies. The investment bank had 987 offshore subsidiaries in offshore tax havens, 537 of which are in Cayman Islands despite not operating a single legitimate office in that country. The study was written in the US by pressure group Citizens for Tax Justice and the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. Matthew Gardner of the ITEP said: ‘The hard fact is that the US tax code incentivizes tax haven abuse by allowing companies to indefinitely defer taxes on offshore profits until they are ‘repatriated.’ ‘The only way to end this kind of tax avoidance is by closing the loopholes in the tax code that enable it’. Apple has a long history of minimising its tax bill through creative arrangements such as funneling its profits through its Irish office. In August, the EU hit the company with a $14.39 billion (£11.3 billion) tax bill because it viewed the ‘sweetheart’ deals with Ireland as a breach of European law. Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook has called attempts to make it pay more tax ‘political crap’ and has said that the company follows all relevant laws.    Share or comment on this article e-mail 7.3k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant In LA 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... 'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police... British computer expert dubbed 'Mr Terror' hacked into US military records and recruited student jihadi in... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote -... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the... Trump offers retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn job as National Security Adviser: Former intelligence chief and... MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme Makeover: Home Edition 'gave AWAY their five adopted children after getting home of their dreams'  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns amid Trump transition - ending his 50 year career MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
follow us: epaper india world cities opinion sports entertainment lifestyle tech photos videos more... black money crackdown fantastic beasts breathless in delhi ht long reads bigg boss 10 movie reviews ht paathshala As it happened:Google unveils AI-powered Pixel phone, Home and 4K Chormecast Anirban Ghoshal, Hindustan Times, New Delhi |  Updated: Oct 07, 2016 14:23 IST (Google) Google just turned 18 and it already seems ready to take the fight to rivals like Apple and Amazon -- at least in terms of devices. The company is expected to launch new smartphones, a smarter Chromecast, Google Home and a new OS to take on its rivals. Watch: Google’s live event below Here are the live updates straight from the event: 10: 55 PM: Quite often Siri can get like half of what users ask done and then kicks the user to the app to finish it. Google is promising to avoid that with “conversation actions.” But making a conversation is super not easy for companies not named Google or Apple. If the app needs to ask you questions or get confirmation from you, that’s a conversation action. Bots, basically. Google is using API.AI, which is a platform which will help with this sort of thing. Current partners: CNN, Uber, etc. Google is making an SDK so other people can make stuff with the Assistant. Sort of like how Amazon lets other hardware makers use Alexa. 10:49 PM: Google to promote Home with assistant as ‘conversation as a a platform’. Google’s lead engineer for Google Assistant, Scott Huffman, shows off the open developer platform for Home. The platform will go live in December. 10:46 PM: Google Home to come in 6 colours. To retail at $129 in the US. Pre-orders start today with products shipping after November 4. Multiple Home can be placed in one house making it easy to control. 10:44 PM: Google Home can create a shopping list via voice commands. This sounds great, and will compete with Amazon’s Echo, but we’re not sure if this will coming to India. Google Home connects with Next, Philips Hue, Samsung SmartThings, and IFTTT. You can use Google Home to voice control your TV via Chromecast. Netflix to soon support voice support on Home. Users can stream clicks from Photos on TV too. 10:39 PM: It can take advantage of information on the web (via Maps) and read out local traffic and weather conditions. It can take advantage of speech recognition and translate to teach users phrases 10:36 PM: Google Home can take advantage of featured snippets. It reads out the answer to a query and mentions which site it is quoting. Search algorithm takes the most authentic sites to quote. 10:35 PM: Google Home supports multiple music services. You can play Google Play Music stations by voice, too. Search also comes in-built. It can play news, podcasts and other files. It can take support of Cast Audio as well letting users stream music from smartphones. 10:29 PM: Enters Google Home -- a solution, the company claims is a solution to free users to free users from smartphones. Home will come with filters that will help in voice search. Rishi Chandra takes to stage to demo Home. “It only listens to hot keywords when you want,” the company claimed. 10.22 PM: Google launches Google Chromecast Ultra. It will support 4K content. Google Play Movies will roll out some 4K content soon. The product will retail for $69 from November. 10:21 PM: Google showcases network assisted Google wifi.Network assist works in the background to provide seamless connectivity. It also comes with an app which can control the routers for parental guidance. Google wifi to retail for $129 for single packs and $299 for larger homes. Shipping starts in December. 10:20 PM: Google showcases Home now -- a rival to Amazon Echo which comes with Alexa. 10:19 PM: YouTube also gets support on Daydream. All 360-degree videos are supported. Google showcases a video of the London museum where dinosaurs come back to life. Google Daydream along with controller to cost $79. 10:18 PM: Google shows off JK Rowling-based fantasy game. Users can be the wizard with the controller turning into a wand. Another game which lets users explore the solar system is also showcased. Netflix, Hulu and other apps are bringing their libraries to Daydream. The VR headset can also access Photos and can take users to different locations to explore just like the Taj Mahal. 10:17 PM: Google launches a new VR headsest-- Daydream VR along with a controller. The controller can just snug into Daydream headset (anti-loss). Clay drops the nifty device as he was just saying that Google works on details. 10:16 PM: Google, just like Apple, has not changed the price of its phone. 10:15 PM: The phone will be available via Flipkart, Croma, and Reliance Digital in India (based on a slide Google showed). It’s a Verizon exclusive in the US. And will be available unlocked via Google Store for $649. Available for pre-orders today in US, Australia, Canada. Starting at INR 57,000, Pixel will be available for pre-order in India starting October 13th 2016 on www.flipkart.com and at over 1000 plus organized and multi-brand retail stores with leading retail partners including Reliance Digital, Croma and Vijay sales among others. India is among the first six countries where Pixel is being launched. Pixel will be available in India in two sizes - 5” or 5.5” and two colours - Quite Black and Very Silver with memory configurations of 32GB and 128GB sizes. 10:10 PM: Pixel to come with two editions -- 5.5-inch and 5-inch. The phones will come with Daydream VR technology inbuilt. Will be available in three colours -- Very Silver, Really Blue and Quite Black. To be available in India for pre-order from October 13. 10:05 PM: Sabrina Ellis takes to stage to explain about battery and updates. Claims phone can surivive seven hours in just 15 minutes of charge. Google Duo, a new video chat app, will come pre-installed in the phone. A new customer care app also to come pre-installed. Updates are automatic. 10:00 PM: Pixel comes with better optical image stabilisation. Camera to come with unlimited photos, video storage in original resolution under Google photos. 4K resolution photos can also be stored. 9:56 PM: Pixel smartphone cameras to come with incremental features like burst shorts, HDR+. Google is using an intelligent programme to take better quality photos with less blur. The cameras also have zero shutter lag. 9.55 PM: The Assistant can also draw up Maps and keep on answering contextual queries. It can even book a reservation in different restaurants. It also alerts users about email confirmations after the booking. 9.53 PM: Brian Rakwoski takes tot the stage to show off Assistant in Pixel smartphone. Users can simply tap the home button to call on the Assistant (just like Siri). Users can ask assistant to hunt for old pictures, play songs, decide venues...pretty much everything. “It is the power of Google Search built in.” Users can also send texts using third party apps like WhatsApp and can calls too. 9:51 PM: Oterloh shows off Pixel. Says that the phone comes with no camera bump (obviously a dig at Apple). Pixel to come with better camera, Alllo, Google Assistant and Google cloud for extra storage. 9:48 PM: Osterloh says Google Assistant to come on phones and on Google Home.”Google hardware to come with assistant at the centre with a mix of good software and hardware.” 9:45 PM: Pichai hands over to Rick Osterloh to talk more about Google Assistant. 9:41 PM: Google working towards human-level translation with new machine learning systems. “Chinese to English translations has progressed immensely. Soon people will be able to search for more advanced queries,” he said. 9:39 PM: Pichai says that Google had launched machine learning in 2014. Two years ago, Google had an efficiency of 89% which has now been scaled up to 92%. “This might not mean much but AI is learning how to understand more about pictures,” Pichai claims. 9:37 PM: AV plays which shows the vision of Google Assistant. Pichai says Google has invested in deep areas of knowledge science, deep learning and machine learning. 9:35 PM: Pichai says that Google is moving towards an artificial intelligence (AI) first platform from a mobile platform. Says the Google Assistant will be universal and build a personal Google for everyone. 9.30 PM: Google keynote starts with an AV, same as iPhone launch where Tim Cook was in a car. Actor in AV says Sergey will fire Larry from a cannon. OK Google, set a timer for 25 minutes - see you on the livestream at 9am PT! https://t.co/0PPLcgGujg #madebyGoogle— sundarpichai (@sundarpichai) October 4, 2016 9:05 PM: People are being badged up as they slowly start to take their seats. 9:00 PM: The venue is at Ghirardelli Square and people are coming in and waiting for the event to start. The internet search giant often releases new devices at this time of the year. This time it is expected to show off new smartphones and other hardware as well as offer more information about its Internet-connected speaker, a rival to Amazon’s popular Echo device. Last year, Google unveiled its Nexus 6P and 5X smartphones on September 29. And two years ago, it announced the Nexus 6 smartphone and Nexus 9 tablet on October 15. Tags Google Google Nexus Google Pixel Pixel XL Chromecast Read more from Livemint also read New fitness tracker can tell you how much muscle, fat is your body made of As demonetisation dries up cash, Ola launches Ola credit Google’s photoScan app now lets you scan your old photos Now apps to help you track ATMs, banks and post offices with cash Show comments india world opinion analysis columns editorials blogs authors cities delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi sports cricket football tennis other sports entertainment movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid lifestyle sex &relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books brunch weekend tech photos india world cartoons sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos videos india world sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos education business ht-indepth real estate autos punjab epaper weather livemint livehindustan shine HTcampus desimartini ht-syndication Copyright © 2016 HT Media Limited. ht delhi/ncr subscription | about us|contact us|work with us|privacy policy|disclaimer|print ad rates|jobs|rss Zakir Naik extolling Laden, proclaiming every Muslim should be a terrorist: MHA No confirmation yet on Sartaj Aziz’s India visit to attend HoA conference: MEA Imphal newspapers feel demonetisation heat, to stop publication India made no additional commitments to Japan for clinching nuke deal: MEA PM Modi reviews demonetisation move, measures to improve situation Amarinder slams RBI for not letting co-op banks exchange notes India, US review military projects; M777 howitzers guns deal to be signed soon Sheila Dikshit’s son-in-law sent to one-day judicial custody Mamata, Kejriwal hurt by Modi’s attack on black money, says BJP Events in Kashmir ‘hurt our conscience’: Erdogan Obama to pass torch to Merkel on farewell visit He cheated on wife when she was pregnant: Badminton star Lin Dan now sorry Expanded reindeer cull arouses fear, suspicion in Siberia French PM says ‘possible’ Le Pen could win in 2017 340 dead or missing in 4 shipwrecks in recent days: International Organization for... Discrimination: US trucking firm agrees to pay $2.6L to Sikh drivers 437 hate crime incidents recorded against minorities since Trump’s victory Kashmiris suffering due to Indo-Pak tensions: Erdogan delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Gharaunda accident: Delhi woman was booked for drink driving in Sept too Cash crunch affects food supply chain in Delhi-NCR NCR:Many skip offices to stand in queues for cash No old currency please, Ghaziabad man adds note to daughter’s wedding card People queue up at shop in Chandni Chowk to exchange ‘old’ notes ‘Depressed’ man kills his sons, arrested Resolve cash crunch in 3 days: Mamata, Kejriwal serve ultimatum to govt Demonetisation impact? Petty crimes dip in Delhi after note ban 4.4-magnitude earthquake hits Delhi, Haryana; no damage reported analysis columns editorials blogs authors Promote India’s rich literary traditions, but not at the cost of English Demonetisation: Why India’s poor will no longer believe the news Where no leader has gone before: Sushma Swaraj tells people about her health What America’s economy needs from Donald Trump Indian Railways must scrap surge pricing and other exploitative charges Pass the Citizenship Bill in Assam as soon as possible Parliament must debate the electoral reforms that the PM has suggested House proceedings must not suffer because of the demonetisation ruckus Guest Column: But where is the water? Capt Amarinder writes on SYL cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa PV Sindhu, Ajay Jayaram reach quarterfinals of China Open Super Series Vizag Test: Dog invasion gives England respite, but just a little India vs England Vizag Test: Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara set new benchmark LeBron James is a big Muhammad Ali fan: Here’s what he did to honour his idol India vs England: Why Joe Root is in awe of Virat Kohli ‘Young’ Alastair Cook to remain England Test skipper, says Andrew Strauss He cheated on wife when she was pregnant: Badminton star Lin Dan now sorry Juergen Klopp backs Wayne Rooney, says legends drank like devils Wayne Rooney says sorry for ‘wedding gatecrash’ episode movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Sonu Nigam makes a point on demonetisation through a new video, Kaagaz Demonetisation jitters for Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam films 2.o’s first look to be unveiled in Mumbai, Karan Johar to host the launch Alia Bhatt shares new Dear Zindagi poster, but where’s Shah Rukh Khan? Ae Bill Hai Mushkil: Aishwarya is a Rs 2000, and Anushka is a Rs 1000 note U-Turn actor Shraddha Srinath awestruck by Madhavan Mallika Sherawat tear-gassed, beaten up in Paris apartment: Report Cairo fest: Half Ticket retraces Kaaka Muttai’s tale of slum kids Bigg Boss 10: Rohan is the new captain and everyone hates Bani sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Yes, it’s true: E-cigarettes damage gums, teeth as much as regular cigs Cybercrime victims continue to engage in risky online behaviour Including Vitamin D in daily diet cuts respiratory infection in old people Change of address: Performance venue The Hive to shut and relocate High blood pressure grips India; 200 million people affected: Study Do violent, sexual dreams trouble you? Here’s how you can fight them off One bout of sleep apnea impairs body’s ability to regulate blood pressure Conceiving in winter ups a woman’s risk of developing gestational diabetes Your child struggling with obesity? Whole-fat milk can make kids leaner New fitness tracker can tell you how much muscle, fat is your body made of As demonetisation dries up cash, Ola launches Ola credit Google’s photoScan app now lets you scan your old photos Now apps to help you track ATMs, banks and post offices with cash WhatsApp launches video calling to take on Google Duo, Skype 2022 will see 550 mn 5G subscriptions; India, US to lead the way Over 412 million adult-website credentials hacked: Security firm Vivo V5 with huge 20MP front camera launched at Rs 17,980 Apple Pay expands to charities, Samsung Pay to offer rewards india world cartoons sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos Vizag Test: Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara score tons as India dominate on Day 1 Why is Vidya Balan behind bars? Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone’s 15th anniversary: 15 magical pi... Children’s Day celebrated across nation The Rock says Aloha at the premiere of Disney’s Moana Children’s Day: Child artistes who went on to become stars In these tough times, 12 movie characters who could spare some change Rajkot Test: Kohli helps India earn hard-fought draw vs England Sidharth Malhotra’s pics from New Zealand will give you travel goals india world sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos Watch | Made-in-India drone capable of combat completes maiden flight BJP MLA Bhawani Singh | Ambani, Adani had prior knowledge of demonetisation... Watch | ISL: FC Goa, Mumbai City FC settle for a draw Watch | Adorable koala visits office in Australian town Watch | How powerful a 7.8 magnitude earthquake can be Watch | NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump Watch | Faf du Plessis lauds ‘relentless’ Proteas attack after series win... Watch | Kyle Abbott’s timely strikes make him a hot property for South ... Watch | Chennaiyin FC beats FC Pune City, back in ISL reckoning education business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories paathshala livemint livehindustan shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad desimartini Congress delegation meets CEC, seeks early polls in Punjab SYL land in Punjab ‘already returned to owners’ even as court battle still on Punjab polls: Tohra’s daughter Kuldeep on AAP’s 5th list of 12 candidates Amarinder slams RBI for not letting co-op banks exchange notes Majithia asks Kejriwal to return Punjab water cost before coming to state Punjab govt’s decision to increase MSP of wheat is anti-farmer: AAP Gharaunda accident: Delhi woman was booked for drink driving in Sept too Ferozepur Cantonment Board launches programme to turn ‘garbage into gold’ Facing public anger, ATM, bank guards at receiving end in Ludhiana
  Skip to Main Content Techlicious - tech made simple Choose It Use It Deals Home Browse Topics Latest News Techlicious Top Picks Reviews How-Tos Deals Tech Made Simple Hot Topics: How to Fix Bluetooth Problems | The Best Turkey Fryers | Best Fitness Trackers Under $50 | Complete Guide to Facebook Privacy Top News Stories Google's Next Gen Phone: the Pixel by Stewart Wolpin on October 04, 2016 in Cell Phones, News, Phones and Mobile, Blog :: 0 comments Apple has long held a technology advantage over Android phones because it exercised end-to-end control over software, hardware and manufacturing to better integrate all aspects of its devices. Conversely, Android devices were always a bit of a hodge-podge; hardware makers designed the hardware and did their best to integrate the Android operating system, some more successfully than others. Google has seemingly closed this integration gap with its new Pixel smartphones, the first phones "made by Google." The Pixels, successors to Google's Nexus 5X and 6P and manufactured to Google's specifications by HTC, are designed by Google and integrate the Android operating system into the hardware. Pixel will come in two sizes, 5- and the XL 5.5-inch, and go on pre-order today. Both phones will be available in either 32GB ($649, $769) or 128GB ($749, $869) versions, in Quite Black, Very Silver and Really Blue, a limited edition version. There was no specific date given for actual shipping or availability. Spec-wise, both Pixel sizes run the latest Android Nougat 7.1 operating system, are powered by the latest Snapdragon 821 quad-core 2.15GHz processor, and include 4GB of RAM. The 5-inch Pixel is equipped with a 1080p AMOLED screen and is powered by a 2770mAh battery, while the larger 5.5-inch Pixel XL is fronted by a quad HD AMOLED panel and packs a 3450mAh cell; figure around 13-14 hours of combined Wi-Fi/internet use and/or video viewing. Plus, you'll be able to get 7 hours of battery life with just 15 minutes of charging. Also included is the Google Duo video calling app, which can be used to make video calls between Android and Apple devices. Like Apple, Google has eschewed the phone's headphone, opting instead for a single USB-C jack, a growing trend in Android flagship models, such as the Motorola Moto Z. However, unlike Apple, Google will not be including a USB-C-to-3.5mm headphone jack adapter with the Pixel. Pixel Plusses One advantage of Google's end-to-end integrated "phone by Google" approach is the built-in nature of Google Assistant. Like Siri on iPhone or Alexa on the Amazon Echo, you merely need to utter "ok Google" or another "hot word," and you'll be able to not only ask it standard information questions but actually control phone functions, such as finding a specific photo, playing a specific song or even make restaurant reservations.   While these Google Assistant voice-activated actions have been available before, the integrated nature of the Google Assistant means the whole system will be easier to upgrade as Google adds more artificial intelligence (AI) and natural language conversation capabilities to Assistant, along with automatic periodic OS updates. Aside from voice control, Google claims that Pixel includes the highest rated smartphone camera ever, especially in low light, a traditional smartphone camera weakness. Both Pixels feature 12.3MP rear cameras with an f/2.0 aperture and a large 1.55 micron pixel sensor and can shoot in both 4K and 2K with both 240- and 120-frame slow motion, along with f/2.4 8MP/1.4 micron front imagers with full HD video capabilities. Pixel also can capture action via Smartburst, which takes a rapid-fire sequence of shots (and it will pick out the one that is most in focus for you automatically); Lens Blur lets you capture shallow depth of field and bokeh effects, and there also are new exposure controls. As a bonus, Google also will supply free unlimited storage on Google Photos for all videos and photos, stored in full resolution. On the rear of the Pixels is a fingerprint sensor; swiping once unlocks the phone, swiping again – once the Google "Move" function is activated in Settings – opens up your notifications. Finally, the Pixels are compatible with Daydream View, Google's virtual reality system. Along with the Pixel, Google also announced new Daydream View headsets. To protect your Pixel, Google is adding new customized Live Cases, which can be created to a match a live wallpaper, designed with Google Earth and Google Trends, or one is a range of static colors. We'll be going hands on with the Pixel phone and reporting back in the coming weeks on whether the it should be your next Android phone.  [Image Credit: Google] Discussion Leave a Comment Here Our Latest Reviews The Best Humidifier for Medium & Large Rooms Crane Digital Warm & Cool Mist Humidifier EE-6902 The Best Instant Camera Fujifilm Instax Mini 70 Instant Camera Review of the Philips Pasta Maker Philips Pasta Maker The Best Beard Trimmer Panasonic ER-GB80 The Best Wi-Fi Router Linksys EA7500 New Articles on Techlicious How to Take Better Photos with Your iPhone The Best Humidifier for Medium & Large Rooms 7 Great Bluetooth Headphones Under $50 5 Tech Accessories That Make Perfect Stocking Stuffers How to Hide Your Home Theater iPhone & iPad Users: Beware of Fake Shopping Apps The Best TV under $500 Holiday Card Sites That Mail Cards for You © 2015 Techlicious LLC. Home | About | Meet the Team | Sponsorship Opportunities | Newsletter Archive | Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy site design: Juxtaprose
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google takes on Apple, Amazon with new hardware push By Reuters Published: 19:37 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 19:37 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail By Julia Love SAN FRANCISCO, Oct 4 (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc's Google on Tuesday announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a suite of new consumer electronics products for the home, planting itself firmly in the hardware business and challenging Apple Inc's iPhone at the high end of the $400 billion global smartphone market. The string of announcements - including the $649 Pixel, a smart speaker for the living room dubbed "Home," a virtual reality headset, and a new Wi-Fi router - is the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete head-to-head with Apple, Amazon.com Inc and even manufacturers of phones using its own Android mobile operating system. Company executives, echoing Apple's longstanding philosophy, said they were striving for tighter integration of hardware and software. "The thinking is that if we can work on hardware and software together, we can innovate much better," Google hardware chief Rick Osterloh said in an interview with Reuters, citing a recent reorganization that united once-disparate hardware teams. Under the new structure, the company has begun to take a much more integrated approach to things like supply chain management and design, added Mario Queiroz, a vice president of product management. "The learnings from one product are benefiting another product," he said. Unlike earlier Google phone efforts under the Nexus brand, the Pixel devices are designed and developed by Google from the start, although Taiwan's HTC Corp will serve as the contract manufacturer. SWIPE AT APPLE Taking another page from the Apple playbook, Google said it would work exclusively with a single carrier in the United States, Verizon Communications Inc, on the Pixel, emulating Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone with AT&T Inc. That deal gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the phone and how it worked. Shares of Alphabet closed up 0.3 percent, while Verizon fell 1.2 percent. The phone comes in two sizes, and its high-end camera is one of few distinguishing features, analysts said. The phones come in black, blue and silver and will be able to get up to a seven-hour charge in 15 minutes. Pre-orders begin on Tuesday. "Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone seventh generation phones," industry analyst Patrick Moorhead said. While the new phones are clearly aimed at competing with the iPhone - Google executives took several swipes at Apple in their on-stage remarks - analysts said Android rivals like Samsung Electronics could be the biggest victim if the Pixel takes off. Google's strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded services such as search and maps made Android the dominant mobile operating system with some 89 percent of the global market, according to IDC. But Apple still rules the high end of the market, and Google has long been frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said. ALL-PURPOSE ASSISTANT Google kicked off the event Tuesday by touting the Google Assistant, the company's voice-activated artificial intelligence system and its answer to Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa. The presenter showed how a customers could make a restaurant reservation with a few phrases spoken into the phone. The assistant will be embedded into the Pixel and Home products and is being positioned as the central feature in a family of integrated hardware and software products. It is one of a handful of similar assistants that are vying for supremacy as more people search the web and make purchases online using voice commands, which may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of controlling digital devices. While Google is often cited as the leader in artificial intelligence, Amazon stole a march on the company with its Alexa-powered Echo home speaker system, a surprise hit. The Home device and the Echo have many of the same features. Google's "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, meanwhile, puts the company in competition with Facebook Inc, owner of Oculus. The device, which works with an Android phone, is far cheaper and simpler. It will be available in November for $79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season. Home will also be available in November for $129, including a six-month trial of ad-free YouTube. Google also unveiled a new version of its Chromecast digital media player and a router dubbed Google Wifi, both boasting the same sleek, minimalist design as the Home product. "These look like products from a single company," said Queiroz, the Google executive. (Reporting by Julia Love, additional writing by Peter Henderson; Editing by Bill Rigby and Alan Crosby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] October 4 AAPL: 113.00 0.48 PSA: The Apple Watch Series 1 is just as fast as Series 2 [Video] Jeff Benjamin - 1 month ago @JeffBenjam Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit There seems to be a bit of confusion about the differences between the Apple Watch Series 1 and Series 2. To be sure, there are several differences between the two. We addressed these in our previous Apple Watch walkthrough, but speed isn’t among those differences. The point is, if you’re just looking for a faster, more agile Apple Watch, then you’ll be happy with any of the watches that you can currently buy from Apple. The company has discontinued the original, notoriously slow Apple Watch (Series 0), so anything you purchase in store or online will be one of the new, faster models. If you’re looking to see some of the things that the Apple Watch Series 2 offers over the Series 1, then check out our previous post. If, however, you’re solely interested in seeing how the Series 1 compares against the Series 2 from a performance perspective, then have a look at the video that follows below. As you’ll see, the performance between the two are the same. That’s because they both sport the same dual core processor. While it’s true that the Series 1 SiP (system-in-a-package) is called the S1P and the Series 2 SiP is called the S2, the differentiating factor is the presence of built-in GPS in the S2 SiP. The presence of GPS in Series 2 has no bearing on processor speed, and both watches are just as fast. Here’s what Apple’s Jeff Williams said about Apple Watch Series 1 during September’s iPhone 7 keynote: “We’ve added the same dual core processor that’s in Series 2, so it’s just as snappy…” So there you have it, a confirmation from Apple itself that both Series 1 and Series 2 feature the same dual core processor. Granted, Williams was extremely brief in his description of Series 1 — he spent about 20 seconds describing it — so it was easy to miss the fact that both devices share the same dual core processor. Apple no doubt wants to keep most of the attention fixed on the more expensive Series 2 model, instead of focusing on Series 1. Apple Watch Series 2 vs Series 2 speed test Subscribe to 9to5Mac’s YouTube channel for more Despite performance being the same, there are still reasons why one might consider Series 2 over Series 1. If you want GPS or any of the other benefits (50m water resistance, brighter screen, Pool Swim workouts, or Digital Crown wake, then check out the Apple Watch Series 2. Zac does a great job of reviewing the Series 2, and puts some of the features that set it apart to the test. If, however, you want a watch that’s just as fast without having to pay for features you probably won’t use, then the cheaper Apple Watch Series 1 (starting at $269) is the perfect Apple Watch for you. Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Wifi Pixel Home Chromecast Personal Tech Google's hardware extravaganza: Ad giant takes on Sonos, Roku, Linksys, Amazon, Oculus... you name it No market is safe from search engine monster 4 Oct 2016 at 23:42, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles 2016 has been a garbage fire. But 2017's looking up – there'll be loads of IPOs, beams Intel Verizon boss: Yahoo! email hack 'is a big deal to us', we'll decide new price next month Intel throws the ball long with sports, VR and IoT cash injections In just 90 minutes on Tuesday morning, Google took an enormous leap into the hardware market, offering new products to compete with Sonos in the music streaming market, Roku in video streaming, Linksys in routers, Amazon in voice assistants, Oculus in virtual reality, and Apple in phones. The sheer depth and breadth of the offering is something that only a very, very few companies in the world would even consider. Sony, maybe, at a push. It's a huge shift for the data-hoarding company, and to pull it off it has hired top talent from outside the organization: former president of Motorola Rick Osterloh arrived in April; former Microsoft, Apple and Amazon exec David Foster arrived literally this week. Foster reports to Osterloh and Osterloh to Google CEO Sundar Pichai. To demonstrate the size of the move, Pichai opened the event, and showing just how far Google is looking to stretch, he barely even mentioned the products that he was there to showcase. The magic tie-in for Pichai is Google's artificial intelligence and machine learning tools: they will be the secret sauce in these new devices. A marriage of hardware and software that only Apple has ever successfully pulled off. And what a list. There is: The Pixel phone: a direct challenge to the iPhone. Google Home: Amazon's Echo but in a smaller, curvier format. Daydream virtual reality headset: cheaper and more comfortable than Oculus and others. Chromecast audio and video streaming: with multi-room support. Google Wifi: a mesh system of routers aimed at stealing an emerging market. Possibly one or two others that we've forgotten. Where to start... the new stuff. Take me home Google Home is an identikit version of Amazon's popular Echo – the voice-powered speaker and assistant. It will cost less than the Echo – $129 compared to $179. And based on our playing around with it, it may be better. Google's version is smaller – in fact, surprisingly small – and curved, made to look a little like a chunky candle. It offers everything the Echo does: streaming music; answering questions, working with smart home products, but threatens to offer more. Google Homes will work with one another, allowing music to be spread into different rooms on command – like the very popular Sonos music system. And they will work with both Google's AI systems, providing answers to questions, and its hardware – like the Chromecast. In a demo, Google VP product management, Rishi Chandra, walked through a scenario where he asked the Home (Google, you need to work on a better name) to play "that Shakira song from Zootopia." Google does the smart processing – the song is called Try Everything – and starts playing it. Now that is a remarkable jump and the kind of intuitive possibility that has made the Echo a success, but taken just one step further. Chandra also demoed the ability for Google to provide all sorts of useful things about you – culled from your calendar, email, contacts etc. It has also worked on the funky uses: "flip a coin" he asks Home. It responds with the sound of a coin being tossed and landing. "Tails," it responded. He also asked it to start playing a particular TV show on his TV – and it did, through his attached Chromecast. We spoke with Chandra after the main event. He has several Google Homes in his home and we walked through some of the issues that only someone who has an Echo in their home will know. It's the same for Google Home: sometimes it just doesn't understand what you're saying, and man is that frustrating. "It's not perfect, but we are making it better and better," he added enthusiastically. The only thing we remain unsure about is the quality of the sound. Despite Google setting up several home-like walled-off environments to demonstrate the hardware, it was still too crowded to get a good sense of the quality. If Google manages similar quality audio and similar quality voice recognition as the Echo, it is onto a winner. Downsides: it seems unlikely that the small Home will have anywhere near the quality sound that comes from a Sonos system, so the multi-room setup is nice but probably not a replacement. And of course, all the demos relied on everything being held on Google's servers. Just like Apple, Google has realized that to get a really great experience it basically needs to control every aspect it can. Working with third parties is tough – and you have to persuade them to bother. Likelihood of success for Google Home: High. Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Next page: Google's living in virtual reality Page: 1 2 3 Next → Tips and corrections 59 Comments More from The Register Oz 'gifted education' program pitching WiFi, vax scare stories Victoria's Dept of Education vetting questioned 6 Comments LTE-U vs. WiFi fight gets closer to a settlement Broadcom brief the FCC on the last sticking point slowing spectrum-sharing agreement 12 Comments Wi-Fi Alliance publishes LTE/WiFi coexistence test plan Would-be LTE-U carriers told to take these tests, or just leave off 7 Comments Optus kicks off WiFi calling in Australia Stable locked, Skype rides bolting horse 2 Comments Germany loosens liability laws to promote WiFi hotspots Cafes and beer halls won't be liable for their users' actions any more 8 Comments Broadcom builds better backbone for WiFi 802.11ac second wave will speed WiFi, so you need kit that can cope Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  High-End Smartphones  »  News Hands-on Preview: Google's iPhone KILLERS Wednesday 5 October 2016  | Comment Now Google's Pixel phones ooze quality and confidence in equal measure. Apple's iPhone 7 has two new rivals, and they're looking seriously good. Today is a big day in the world of technology. The launch of Google's first in-house manufactured smartphones - the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL - marks the first time the search giant has stood toe-to-toe with Apple on both hardware and software after years of partnering with third-party manufacturers like LG and Huawei. It means Apple has another, huge, rival to deal with in the smartphone space, and a pair of new phones taking the fight directly to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. You've probably seen the leaked pictures by now, and suffice to say these were no renders. In the metal, they're even more attractive. The glass and metal rear panel on each phone looks just different enough without appearing awkward or ugly. Essentially, the look of the Pixel is all Nexus 6P but sleeker, more attractive, even a touch outlandish, with its inset glass camera surround spanning half the entire rear panel, encompassing the camera and circular, centre-mounted fingerprint. The result is eye-catching - in a good way - and the rest of the physical design is up to snuff as well. Both the Pixel and Pixel Xl are surrounded by a slender, slightly squared-off aluminium frame. The power and volume rocker are in sensible positions on the right edge, the SIM tray and microSD slot on the left edge, the speakers are in the bottom left and right corners facing down, and a USB Type-C data/charge port delivering “up to seven hours of battery life in just 15 minutes” sits in between them. It's probably worth pointing out, too, that there's a 3.5mm headphone jack here, on the top edge. Overall, the design is neat, understated, solid and smart: everything you'd expect of a Pixel product in fact, and the fact it looks a little out of the ordinary is just a bonus. I'm a fan of the colours the phones come in, as well: "Quite Black", "Very Silver" and "Really Blue". Very knowing. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Key specifications   Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Screen 5in, 1,080 x 1,920 5.5in, 1,440 x 2,560 Processor 2.1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 2.1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 RAM 4GB 4GB Storage microSD slot (up to 256GB) microSD (up to 256GB) Size (WDH) 70 x 8.6 x 144 mm 76 x 8.6 x 155mm Weight 143g 168g Software Android 7.1 Nougat Android 7.1 Nougat Rear camera 12MP, OIS 12MP, OIS Front camera 8MP 8MP Battery capacity 2,770mAh 3,450mAh Australian price from $1079 from $1269 Google Pixel and Pixel XL review: Core hardware Where Google's Nexus phones have succeeded in the past is by including a top-level specification at a price much lower than the equivalent, and from a hardware perspective. That's certainly true of the raw hardware specifications of 2016s Pixel phones. Both phones are identical in most of the important areas. Each has a 2.1GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor and 4GB of RAM forming the core performance partnership. The phones come in 32GB and 128GB variants and, in a welcome reintroduction of storage expansion capabilities, there's also a microSD slot in each allowing users to add up to 256GB. Music geeks with enormous local MP3 file collections the world over will rejoice. Google Pixel and Pixel XL review: Cameras The rear facing camera is a 12-megapixel unit, the same resolution as last year's Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X phones, but this time with optical image stabilisation to improve performance in low light. The front camera is an 8-megapixel snapper, outdoing Apple's iPhone. And it looks as if it might be quite good as well. Pre-launch, Google sent a Pixel to imaging experts DXOMark, who have awarded it a rating of 89 - that's one mark better than the Samsung Galaxy S7, no less and three in front of the iPhone 7. Google was also keen to push the speed of its camera app and the effectiveness of its "HDR+" processing algorithm, which is enabled by default. It smugly demonstrated the effectiveness of its optical image stabilisation for video capture, and announced that Pixel owners would get unlimited storage for photos and videos, at original resolution. Until now, unlimited storage has been available to all Google Photos users, but at reduced quality. Another nice touch is support for physical gestures in the camera app, in particular the ability to switch between front and rear cameras with a quick double twist of the wrist.  Battery capacity, as I mentioned earlier, is the only place the two phones differ, apart from the size of course. The smaller Google Pixel has a 2,770mAh battery while the Pixel XL has a 3,450mAh power pack. Whether this translates into better battery life on the bigger phone depends largely on how efficient the display is. My guess is that it will be better, but not by a huge margin.  Google Assistant and extra software features Both the Google Pixel and Pixel XL run Google's very latest operating system - that's Android Nougat - but there's one more thing it has waited until now to add. Google Assistant, which is effectively Google Now renamed and tweaked - forms the fulcrum of the firm's AI vision, and it's woven into the very fabric of everything you do with the Pixel. Assistant works in a slightly different way to how Google Now used to. To activate it, you can touch and hold the phone's home button or use the long-standing "OK Google" keyword. There's also a new graphic on the homepage to access the feature: instead of a wide box that stretches across the width of the screen, you get a compact circular icon in the top left corner, leaving more room for your app shortcuts. Effectively, it's an expanded, refined Google Now, and the new Pixel phones will be the first to get it. Other features include automatic software updates and a new tool for transferring across all the data and apps from your old phone. And, of course, the phone is "VR ready": just drop the phone into Google's new Daydream View headset, strap it to your face and you have access to a variety of new VR content, the whole of YouTube and Google Movies, plus games, a bunch of educational stuff and more. Google Pixel and Pixel XL review: Hands-on impressions With Google now going head to head with Apple, the big question is has the search giant cracked it? First impressions are immensely positive. As you'd expect for a smartphone running the very latest Qualcomm hardware and clean Android OS, it feels super slick to use. Most impressive, however, is the sheer quality and attention to detail in the design. Both phones are super slim at 8.6mm from glass to aluminium at the rear, and yet - unlike Apple's iPhones - eminently grippable. What do I mean by that? Simply that by introducing something as simple as slightly angled edges the phones feel less slippery in the hand, and less like you're going to drop them on the floor. The fact that the larger Pixel XL is lighter than its iPhone 7 Plus counterpart helps a lot, too, although the smaller Pixel is actually a touch heavier than the standard iPhone 7. That's probably because the smaller Pixel is a 5in phone where the iPhone 7 has a 4.7in screen. Google Pixel and Pixel XL review: Early verdict Google's two Pixel phones mark a major move for not only the company itself, but also the technology industry in general. It's disappointing, though, that Google apparently hasn't made any effort to keep the price down to a more reasonable level, and that may affect its long-term popularity. What we have here is a pair of smartphones that are precisely the same cost as the equivalent iPhones. How many phones this expensive can the market support? Only time will tell, but the phones themselves certainly look the part. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Google Pixel: 5 things we love and 3 we don’t about Google's new ... Head-to-head: Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 Head-to-Head: Google Pixel vs Samsung Galaxy S7 With Pixel, Google is barrelling headfirst into Apple’s backyard Google could be working on a new Chromebook Pixel Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  google  |  pixel   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win     Review: the OnePlus 3 is the best phone for its price     What does a Trump win mean for tech and science?     How to follow the US Presidential election results     PowerBulb’s two USB sockets are a cable lover’s delight   More in High-End Smartphones (1 of 10 articles) FEATURE Head-to-Head: OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 - Should you upgrade? << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (2 of 10 articles) NEWS The OnePlus 3T has extra helpings of style and spec << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung's new flagship "delayed till April" << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung's Galaxy S8 will come with an AI << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (5 of 10 articles) FEATURE Google Pixel: 5 things we love and 3 we don’t about Google's new smartphone << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung would REALLY like those Galaxy Note 7s back, please << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Xiaomi’s phablet has very little edge << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Kodak Ektra review: Hands on with camera maker's 1940s throwback << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung Galaxy S7 gets the Note7's Always On Display upgrade << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Tile Mate and Tile Slim review: Bluetooth lost and found tags just got lighter << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in High-End Smartphones News The OnePlus 3T has extra helpings of style and spec Review Review: Apple iPhone SE Feature Head-to-Head: OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 - Should you upgrade? Group Test Group Test: Smartphones Gallery How good is the LG G4's camera? A-list Product OnePlus3 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service SMS admits restructure led to sales pipeline collapse Inside Best Technology's 240-store upgrade for Woolworths POS Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access How Westpac and the ASX are using the 'overhyped' blockchain 'Significant breakdowns' mar NSW shared services outsourcing Review: Motorsport Manager takes you to the races 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Third time’s the charm: Google is trying to be a phone company, again Google's strategy is new, but the concept of a Google smartphone isn't. by Andrew Cunningham - Oct 4, 2016 11:19 pm UTC Login to bookmark 115 Enlarge Google Today, Google officially announced something that the tech world has known for months: it's launching a pair of high-end Pixel-branded smartphones, killing the Nexus program, and competing more explicitly with Apple and every other company that's making and selling Android phones. Google is definitely pushing itself as a hardware company like it never has before. But this is hardly the company's first effort to get into the smartphone hardware business. The first was the Nexus One, which drew iPhone comparisons when it was launched. But low sales almost killed the brand—Eric Schmidt said in 2010 that the Nexus One “was so successful [in helping Android along], we didn’t have to do a second one”—before it was resurrected and pointed at the developer-and-enthusiast niche. The second and more serious effort began in 2011, when Google bought Motorola for $12.5 billion. After clearing out the old Motorola’s product pipeline, in 2013 and 2014 the company introduced a series of high-end and midrange Moto phones that were critical darlings for their price tags, their focus on fundamentals, and their fast Android updates. These were three non-broken things that Lenovo promptly “fixed” after it bought Motorola from Google for just $2.9 billion three years later. Google made no mention of its Motorola experiment onstage today, even though the same guy who ran Motorola is now running Google’s hardware efforts. But the sense that all of this has happened before is just one of the contradictions of Google’s new mobile strategy. More importantly, the company’s actions and stated goals contradict one another, to the extent that I wonder just how committed Google is to its hardware plans and, on a related note, just how good its chances of success are. #MadeByGoogle Enlarge / Besides the name, Pixel phones have little in common with Pixel laptops and tablets. Ron Amadeo Google’s sales pitch for its new phones is distinctly Apple-esque: Pixels are the first phones designed from the ground up by Google, which gives Google the opportunity to tailor the hardware to better suit its software and vice versa. This is a departure from Google’s Nexus strategy, in which Google slapped Nexus branding on existing or near-complete products that one of its partners was already working on. Except, well, the Pixel phones are pretty Nexus-y. FCC filings show that they were clearly built by HTC, and as our own Ron Amadeo pointed out they appear to share components with HTC designs like the One A9. “Designed by Google” and “built by HTC” don’t need to be mutually exclusive. I don’t doubt that Google blessed each component and design choice individually or that it became involved in the design process much earlier than it normally would for a Nexus phone. And even if the Pixels are HTC phones with Google logos on them, that’s becoming an increasingly common move. HTC can make phones, but the mass market doesn’t care about its brand. Google has a mass-market brand but maybe didn’t want to start from zero to design a new phone. Fine. The trouble is, Google has actually designed some quality hardware all by itself. The Pixel Chromebooks were both lovely, though they were priced out of reach of anyone but ChromeOS die-hards. And even though the Pixel C tablet’s software has been rough, its hardware has the benefit of at least looking and feeling good. Chromecast is a Google effort, too, as are Daydream View and Google Home. Google can design its own hardware, and it says that it does. But the Pixel phones aren’t as Google-y as some of Google’s other devices, and they definitely don’t have the signature design touches of the other Pixel products (including the lightbar and the boxy-yet-still-appealing curves). This may be a springboard, the first step in a transition from the Nexus era to a new Pixel era. Google hardware chief Rick Osterloh says that he’s already seen photos from next year’s Pixel camera, so at a bare minimum Google has a roadmap that it’s in control of. But the way Google is hitting the “#MadeByGoogle” drum so hard is odd, given the Pixel’s obvious lineage. Exclusive features don’t mesh with Google’s business model Google’s hardware contradictions are puzzling but easily explained. The software contradictions are more troubling. One of the reasons Apple can get away with keeping iPhone prices the same every year even as Android phones get cheaper is that the company really is in full control of its hardware, software, and ecosystem. The iPhone is the only place to get iOS, it’s the only phone that offers tight integration with the Mac and other Apple products, and it’s the only place where you can get iOS apps. Few players in the Android market, Samsung aside, can do the same thing, since the primary differentiator is often price rather than any particular gimmick or spec. Google’s Hiroshi Lockheimer believes there’s room for another player in the high-end, high-margin phone market. That may be true, but when asked what Google intends to provide that other Android phone makers won't or can't (beyond intangibles like brand value), his answers were vague. Clearly, the Pixel is going to get a lot of things first: Android 7.1 will come to the Pixel before it’s even available as a developer preview for older Nexus and Pixel devices, to say nothing of OEMs who haven’t even started shipping Android 7.0 updates. The Google Assistant and Google’s new Pixel Launcher are both Pixel exclusives, at least for now. But Android’s success is built in part on how widespread it is, and Google’s business is built on casting wide nets that can collect lots of data. It might make sense to keep the Pixel Launcher exclusive to the Pixel phones to give Google’s phones their own unique look and feel and tighter integration with all of Google’s services. But the Assistant will almost certainly be available for other Android devices eventually, just as Google Now and Google Now On Tap (two services that have plenty of overlap with the Assistant anyway) already are. The Daydream VR platform is already open to other phone makers as long as they’re using Android 7.1. Google’s stuck in a place where it needs to give its own Android phones unique features to differentiate them from the crowd, which is doubly true since they’re being sold at iPhone and Galaxy prices instead of Nexus prices. But it makes most of its money by building out large userbases and making its products and services as available to as many people as is realistically possible. In that tug of war, Google will ultimately be pushed to do whatever is best for its bottom line, something that may damage its nascent phone business. Which kind of Google experiment will the Pixel phones be? Are we missing a part of Google’s strategy? The so-called "Andromeda" project, that long-rumored collision of Android and ChromeOS, could be part of it. But this whole hardware shift could just as easily be one more experiment from a company that loves to try new things without always committing to them. Gmail, Android, Chrome, Chromebooks, the Chromecast, and of course the search engine that forms the core of the company are all solid successes that Google is obviously committed to. Motorola, the Nexus Q, the Android Update Alliance, the Google Play Edition program, Google Hangouts, the OnHub, Google Buzz, Google Wave, Google+, Project Ara, Google Glass, Google TV, Google Reader, and any number of other initiatives swept under the rug during a “spring cleaning” phase were all eventually canceled or dramatically scaled back as the company’s strategy and personnel have changed. In which column do the Pixel phones belong? I don’t know. But if Google’s new hardware strategy doesn’t seem like it’s working, the company won’t be afraid to change it. Again. Expand full story Reader comments 115 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Public debate intensifies around Apple CEO Tim… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Legal pot can get you fired Bay Area’s Best Sports Traditions Rain on the way 16th Tech Awards Aldon Smith waits on NFL Abortion by mail Business Public debate intensifies around Apple CEO Tim Cook’s refusal to help the FBI unlock a terrorist’s iPhone Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Patrick May | pmay@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: February 22, 2016 at 10:20 am | UPDATED: August 12, 2016 at 12:06 am The public relations battle over encryption and government access to protected data kicked up a notch Monday with the release of CEO Tim Cook’s letter to employees defending Apple’s refusal to help investigators hack into a terrorist’s locked iPhone. Coming just days after FBI Director James Comey publicly chastised Apple for thwarting its investigation into the San Bernardino mass shooting, and at the same moment polls are suggesting many Americans are uneasy with Apple’s defiance, the letter underscores the brashness of the tech giant’s strategy as well as the fine line Cook is walking by refusing to help out with the highly charged investigation. “From a marketing perspective, Cook needs to protect Apple and — not to sound like a country-western song — stand by his brand,” said Robert Passikoff, a branding expert and founder of Brand Keys, a consultancy based in New York City. “Brands stand for things, and while there was a time when Apple stood for things like interesting design, the brand has now become part of the very fabric of our modern world. And privacy is a very key part of that. “The challenge for Cook,” he said, is to find a balance “between assuring his customers that their phones are safe from government intrusion while at the same time not sounding like he’s pro-terrorist or anti-government.” In his early-morning email addressed to the Apple “Team,” Cook said that while “it does not feel right” to stand in the way of federal investigators, to cooperate with the FBI on opening up this one phone would threaten data security for millions and “everyone’s civil liberties.” “We have no tolerance or sympathy for terrorists,” Cook wrote. “When they commit unspeakable acts like the tragic attacks in San Bernardino, we work to help the authorities pursue justice for the victims.” Yet on Monday, some of those very victims’ families expressed support for the government’s moves against Apple, as a lawyer representing some of them vowed to file documents backing a U.S. magistrate’s order for Apple to play ball. With a looming deadline of Friday to formally protest the FBI’s request in court, Apple’s high-stakes legal gambit presents a watershed moment for the accelerating debate over tech users’ digital rights. And it pits the company’s claim that it’s protecting its customers’ privacy against the government’s implication that gaining immediate access to the county-owned iPhone used by Syed Rizwan Farook could be a matter of life and death. Comey said Friday in an online post that Apple owes it to the San Bernardino victims to cooperate and said the dispute wasn’t about creating legal precedent. The FBI, he wrote, “can’t look the survivors in the eye, or ourselves in the mirror, if we don’t follow this lead.” Apple’s game plan has grown intensely controversial, with presidential candidate Donald Trump calling for a boycott of its products while Internet rights activists, technologists and computer scientists defend the iPhone maker as a champion of digital liberty now threatened by federal authorities. In a further sign of how conflicted many Americans are about the FBI-Apple battle, a Pew Research Center poll released Monday found that 51 percent of respondents felt Apple should unlock the iPhone, with only 38 percent saying it should not unlock the phone to ensure the security of its other users’ information; 11 percent offered no opinion. Moves by both Apple and the FBI, thus far, are classic examples from the crisis-control playbook — staying on message while forcefully pushing out public statements to explain, justify and advance each side of the argument. Ira Kalb, marketing professor at the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business, said Apple in particular is using its bullhorn as one of the world’s most iconic companies to try to stay one step ahead of the government as the case moves through the legal system. “Cook’s public statement is a form of marketing,” said Kalb. “Even if the government forces him to cooperate, he’s demonstrating that he’s going to fight to the very end to try and protect users’ privacy.” In his letter and an accompanying Q&A on Apple’s website, Cook attempted to maintain an even keel, starting off with a strong condemnation of the attack and acknowledging that “it does not feel right to be on the opposite side of the government in a case centering on the freedoms and liberties that government is meant to protect.” But later in the Q&A, Apple offered a passionate defense of its refusal to help the FBI. The danger in agreeing to “write an entirely new operating system” for the government, the document says, is that such a move would “intentionally weaken our products with a government-ordered backdoor. If we lose control of our data, we put both our privacy and our safety at risk.” The Q&A says “hackers and cybercriminals are always looking for new ways to defeat our security, which is why we keep making it stronger.” At the conclusion of the Q&A, Apple calls for the creation of a congressional panel of experts to “discuss the implications for law enforcement, national security, privacy and personal freedoms.” In a way, said analyst Ben Bajarin with Creative Strategies, that conversation has already begun. “We’re in unchartered waters right now regarding encryption,” he said. “So, philosophically, we’ll have to eventually land somewhere, and that’s what this battle is all about. It’s hard to sympathize with Apple, given this was a terrorist attack and not the government going after some rich banker’s phone. But we’ll really have to figure out where we stand with encryption. “Eventually,” Bajarin said, “someone will make a phone that even they can’t break. And this is now the debate over whether that sort of technology should even exist down the road.” The Associated Press also contributed to this report. Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689; follow him at Twitter.com/patmaymerc. WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT THE STANDOFF “The only way to guarantee such a powerful tool isn’t abused and doesn’t fall into the wrong hands is to never create it.” — Apple CEO Tim Cook, defending his resistance to a federal judge’s order to create a tool to help the FBI hack into a terrorist’s iPhone “Cook’s public statement is a form of marketing. Even if the government forces him to cooperate, he’s demonstrating that he’s going to fight to the very end to try and protect users’ privacy.” — Ira Kalb, marketing professor at the University of Southern California Marshall School of Business. “It’s hard to sympathize with Apple, given this was a terrorist attack and not the government going after some rich banker’s phone. But we’ll really have to figure out where we stand with encryption.” — Analyst Ben Bajarin with Creative Strategies “The challenge for Cook” is to find a balance “between assuring his customers that their phones are safe from government intrusion while at the same time not sounding like he’s pro-terrorist or anti-government.” — Robert Passikoff, branding expert and founder of Brand Keys consultancy Source: Mercury News reporting Tags:  SV 2020 Patrick May Patrick May is an award-winning writer for the Bay Area News Group working with the business desk as a general assignment reporter. Over his 34 years in daily newspapers, he has traveled overseas and around the nation, covering wars and natural disasters, writing both breaking news stories and human-interest features. He has won numerous national and regional writing awards during his years as a reporter, 17 of them spent at the Miami Herald. In 1993, Pat shared with his colleagues a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for the Herald staff's coverage of Hurricane Andrew and its aftermath. Follow Patrick May @patmaymerc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Marijuana may be legal in California, but it can still get you fired San Jose police investigate Evergreen homicide; 45th of the year Disneyland upgrades: Star Wars, Guardians coming soon Los Gatos: Angry residents storm out of water meeting Kawakami: Why Patrick McCaw is a big piece of the Warriors’ present… and future Raiders’ Aldon Smith now eligible for reinstatement Kanye West ‘would have voted for Trump’ SCU students walk out in solidarity with undocumented immigrants More in Technology South Korea rejects Google request to use mapping data November 17, 2016, 9:38 pm South Korea has rejected Google’s request to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. 16th Tech Awards highlight previous winners who have made an impact November 18, 2016, 5:03 am At the Tech Awards on Thursday night, more than 1,000 people attended the event to honor seven organizations tackling health, environmental, agricultural and educational problems plaguing the developing world. Biz Break: Investors slap back at Cisco as business shows signs of weakness November 17, 2016, 2:54 pm Cisco Systems sees its business struggling, and its investors show what they think of the company’s outlook. Tesla, SolarCity shareholders approve merger November 18, 2016, 6:19 am Tesla and SolarCity shareholders on Thursday approved a $2 billion merger between the two green-energy tech firms led by Musk. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. How Did the Feds Get Past Yahoo’s Encryption? Yahoo! subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Andy Greenberg. Andy Greenberg Security Date of Publication: 10.04.16. 10.04.16 Time of Publication: 6:56 pm. 6:56 pm How Did the Feds Get Past Yahoo’s Encryption? Yahoo! Getty Images Ever since Edward Snowden leaked his unprecedented collection of NSA secrets three years ago, tech firms have scrambled to protect their users from the surveillance he revealed, in many cases adding robust encryption to consumer products. But as a new email spying scandal unfolds around Yahoo, it’s clear that the post-Snowden encryption push not only failed to protect the company’s hundreds of millions of email accounts from American intelligence agencies. It also seems to have driven those spies to demand more pervasive access to Yahoo’s systems than ever—and Yahoo complied. On Tuesday, Reuters broke the news that Yahoo in 2015 created a tool for scanning its trove of user webmail on behalf of the FBI or the NSA, scouring hundreds of millions of arriving emails for specific search terms the agencies provided. The revelation marks the first time this sort of large-scale, real-time email scanning by a tech firm is known to have been done on behalf of surveillance agencies, and the practice reportedly led Yahoo’s chief information security officer at the time, Alex Stamos, to resign over the security and privacy issues it introduced. The spying scandal is surprising, in part, because it follows years of improvements to Yahoo’s email encryption practices. And from a broader perspective, it shows how law enforcement and intelligence agencies are aggressively responding to the spread of encryption in the services provided by companies like Yahoo, Apple, and perhaps other Silicon Valley stalwarts: When surveillance operations are stymied by uncrackable crypto, they increasingly respond by demanding that tech companies perform intrusive operations themselves. A New Prism “The webmail providers have encrypted everything that comes to them and leaves them,” explains Stewart Baker, a former general counsel for the NSA in a phone call with WIRED. “I expect that what happened here is that the government went to Yahoo and said, ‘we can’t find this particular target anymore, but we believe he’s communicating using your servers, so we’re asking you to do what we used to do when we had access to your traffic.'” Following Snowden’s NSA leaks in the summer of 2013, Yahoo in early 2014 rolled out SSL encryption to its webmail services, rendering them unreadable in transit but still unencrypted on Yahoo’s servers. That new layer of security likely foiled—or at least made far more difficult—the NSA’s “upstream” collection of Yahoo users’ messages, its practice of silently vacuuming up communications as they passed over sources like internet switching equipment and undersea cables. The NSA has other, more active methods of gathering those communications directly from internet firms, like its PRISM program, which legally requires companies to hand over user data. But PRISM only allows the NSA to request data from specific accounts, says Cato Institute privacy researcher Julian Sanchez, rather than the sort of phrase- or character-string-based scanning of raw data that upstream collection allowed. Sanchez suggests that the agency may have demanded that Yahoo enable scanning of emails on its servers through the same legal mechanism as PRISM, section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. “A bunch of useful stuff shows up when you scan content that doesn’t show up in the PRISM model,” Sanchez says. “If you can’t go into content upstream, you need to retool PRISM to start scanning it.” (A Yahoo didn’t respond to a request for comment on that scenario, writing only that “Yahoo is a law abiding company, and complies with the laws of the United States.”) The demand that Yahoo build its own scanning software on behalf of the NSA echoes the FBI’s insistence, earlier this year, that Apple help break into the encrypted iPhone 5c of San Bernadino killer Rizwan Syed Farook. In that case, the Justice Department demanded Apple write new software designed to crack its own operating system’s security. Apple resisted, arguing that the software’s creation would potentially endanger the privacy of all of its users. The DOJ eventually backed off its lawsuit after the FBI found another way into Farook’s phone. Yahoo, by contrast, seems to have caved to the U.S. government’s parallel legal demands, and built exactly the sort of security-compromising software that Apple refused to. Risky Business It’s not yet clear exactly how privacy-invasive Yahoo’s scanning on behalf of U.S. intelligence might have been. Sanchez suggests, pointing to a New York Times story last year on the NSA’s upstream data collection scanning, that the agency may be searching only for strings like the headers of messages produced by encryption tools known to used by jihadis like Mujahideen Secrets, or malware signatures. Former NSA counsel Baker argues that legally, the NSA would only be permitted to use Yahoo’s tool to gather data on foreigners. (If FBI also had access to the scanning software’s results, it wouldn’t have faced that restriction.) And Baker also argues that targeted searching of Yahoo’s data by Yahoo itself still represents only “retail” spying compared to the “wholesale” mass surveillance of upstream data collection. “If you don’t think Yahoo should be reading your mail,” he argues, “You probably shouldn’t be using Yahoo mail.” But Yahoo’s surveillance-focused scanning still put users’ security at risk, argues Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney Nate Cardozo, as evidenced by the Stamos resignation. In fact, the scanning tool was implemented without consulting Stamos or the rest of Yahoo’s security team. And beyond Yahoo’s sloppiness in implementing the system, Cardozo argues that the NSA’s demand that a tech firm help spy on its own users represents a secret sabotage of their privacy. “Doing this without a clear legal authorization or any debate in Congress further undermines the public trust in law enforcement and intelligence,” Cardozo says. And he says the news contradicts statements from FBI director James Comey asking for an “adult conversation” on the conflict between encryption and law enforcement. “When you’re compelling a company to backdoor its systems without its security team’s knowledge, that’s not a foundation on which we can base an adult conversation.” Cardozo has warned for months that the next step in the government’s battle with tech firms over encryption would be legal demands for so-called “technical assistance” under the Wiretap Act. That provision might force companies that implement strong encryption, like Whatsapp or Apple, to rewrite their own software to introduce security vulnerabilities that allow access to cops or intelligence agencies despite their use of encryption. Cardozo says there’s no clear evidence that’s happened yet, or that other firms have received surveillance demands like the ones Apple and Yahoo did. (A spokesperson for Google, which also SSL-encrypts its webmail, wrote only that it’s never received a request to create the sort of intelligence-friendly scanning tool Yahoo built. “But if we did, our response would be simple,” the spokesperson writes. “No way.”) But Baker, the former NSA lawyer, says that government demands for tech companies to help surveil their users aren’t going to stop. “Law enforcement and intelligence agencies are quite confident that what they’re doing is good, that it’s the right thing, that it needs to be done,” he says. “And if they find that technology prevents from doing it one way, they’ll look for every other mechanism available to do what society has asked them to achieve.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. email privacy spying surveillance Yahoo Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 1 day A Lot of Actors Suck at Accents. Not Idris Elba! Movies A Lot of Actors Suck at Accents. Not Idris Elba! 1 day This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 1 day Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 1 day Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 3 hours Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 3 hours Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 hours NES Classic Is a Hit. So Where Does Nintendo Go From Here? Gaming NES Classic Is a Hit. So Where Does Nintendo Go From Here? 1 day More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Security Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 1 day Security Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs 2 days Cybercrime Hacker Lexicon: A Guide to Ransomware, the Scary Hack That’s on the Rise 09.17.15 Hack Brief Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites 11.14.16 National Affairs A US Judge May Sentence Wannabe Terrorists to ‘Deradicalization’ 11.13.16 autonomous vehicles So, Nobody Knows How Much Self-Driving Cars Will Pollute 1 hour We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google takes on rivals with Pixel phone, new hardware By Afp Published: 22:29 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 22:30 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail 9 shares Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware on Tuesday, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by the US company, which also revealed details about its new "home assistant" virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is undertaking a major drive to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence a futuristic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices. The San Francisco event on October 4, 2016, marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is undertaking a major drive to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence a futuristic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices ©Ramin Talaie (Getty/AFP) "We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world," Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said. "Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user." Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet giant, added, "We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center." Pixel will be available with a five- or 5.5-inch display, starting at $649 for US customers, similar to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders began Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain and the United States. - Made by Google - By using its own name on handsets, Google is aiming for a bigger slice of the competitive smartphone market, dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, Google's flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware partners that have included China's Huawei and South Korea's LG. The California group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in 2011, but sold the unit less than three years later. Unlike past smartphone alliances, Google stressed that it had complete control of Pixel from start to finish, contracting with Taiwan-based HTC to manufacture handsets. "Google today demonstrated that it's finally serious about hardware," said Jan Dawson at Jackdaw Research. "The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as peers to the iPhone." The new Pixel phone is "the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem. Besides being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the company's new Daydream virtual reality platform. Pixel has a "smart" camera for sublime photos, and a program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at encouraging iPhone users to convert to Android. However, Google may find it challenging to gain market share, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said. "Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone 7th generation phones," he said. "They don't exactly swing anyone around the room." - Apple's world - Gartner analyst Brian Blau said "the most exciting part" of Tuesday's announcement was the assistant, which showcases Google's strength in artificial intelligence. "It's a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have that direct relationship with their customers," he said. "It is clearly a step into Apple's world" of controlling hardware and software and services, he added. Pixel will be sold through US carrier Verizon and telecom groups, and be available at Google's online shop unlocked. Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset into which compatible smartphones can be slipped to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes. Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November, priced at $79. Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that lets a set of interconnected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals strong in all spots. "Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," Google executive Mario Queiroz said. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant, which will be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices. Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that enables users to tap into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks, control devices in homes, stream videos and more. "Much like Amazon Echo, Google Home is less a story about a wireless speaker and more about a point of access to a virtual assistant," IHS Markit senior analyst Paul Erickson said. "Ultimately, it will be the virtual assistants that are the trump card, and Google Assistant is expected to only grow in superiority to Alexa when it comes to personalization and everyday usefulness for mainstream users," he added of Amazon Echo's voice-activated program. Google Home was also synced to work with the freshly unveiled Chromecast Ultra device for streaming high-resolution online video to television screens. The $129 Google Home device will be available in retail shops on November 4. Sabrina Ellis, Director of Product Management at Google Inc., speaks during an event to introduce the Google Pixel phone and other Google products on October 4, 2016 in San Francisco, California ©Ramin Talaie (Getty/AFP) Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple ©Glenn Chapman (AFP) Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My marriage is over!' Katie Price 'reveals she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler during boozy night out'  Made shocking admission this week Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
Help Center  Newsletters  Subscribe  P-Edition Login  Advertise Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Obits Register Connect CARS JOBS HOMES ADS AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Video Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © The Press-Enterprise. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Site Help | User Agreement | Site Map Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Alphabet Hits Apple, Inc.'s iPhone 7 Where It Hurts The Cupertino giant cares deeply about camera performance, but Google just stole the show. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 4, 2016 at 6:28PM Apple puts a lot of emphasis on the iPhone's camera. Image source: Apple. One of the more notable announcements from Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) event to show off the new Google Pixel was the claim that the new phone has the best smartphone camera ever made. Google attributes this feat to a DxOMark Mobile score of 89. DxOMark is a third-party entity that rates and scores cameras and lenses for both high-end DSLRs and smartphones using industrial labs and analysis software. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) cares deeply about the iPhone's camera performance. At every unveiling event, discussion of new cameras inevitably dominates a large chunk of the presentation. The Mac maker's camera team has ballooned to 800 engineers that work on over 200 distinct components within the camera modules. The camera is one of the areas where Apple allocates tremendous resources in annual improvements, and this year the headliner is the new dual-camera system found in the iPhone 7 Plus. The Pixel's camera chops are a direct shot across Apple's bow. Shots fired For those that are so inclined, here are the full DxOMark reviews for the Pixel and the iPhone 7 (note that DxOMark has not had a chance to review the iPhone 7 Plus quite yet). It's also worth acknowledging that the Pixel is not the only phone camera to score higher than Apple; Sony, Motorola, Samsung, and HTC all have phones that squeezed ahead in the ratings. If we break down the scores into the different categories, you can see precisely where the Pixel outperforms the iPhone 7.   Pixel iPhone 7 Category Photo Video Photo Video Exposure and contrast 90 88 90 85 Color 85 86 84 85 Autofocus 93 90 89 88 Texture 93 84 83 83 Noise 89 89 84 79 Artifacts 84 88 96 84 Flash 88 -- 81 -- Stabilization -- 91 -- 86 Overall 89 88 86 85 Data source: DxOMark. The Pixel does modestly better in areas like autofocus and texture, but dramatically outscores the iPhone 7 for things like noise and stabilization (for videos). That's even after the iPhone 7's own massive improvement in video stabilization, since Apple added optical image stabilization (OIS) to the 4.7-inch model this year; OIS was only available on the 5.5-inch 6 Plus last year. Last year's iPhone 6S scored just 60 in video stabilization. The real kicker Google has another ace up its sleeve, though. For Pixel owners, Google Photos will now offer unlimited cloud storage at full 4K resolutions, even for 4K videos. That's an extremely generous and aggressive offer as the search giant hopes to woo shutterbugs. Google Photos already offers unlimited cloud storage for downscaled photos, which is likely sufficient for average consumers, so this is very much targeting the pros. Importantly, this is an area where Apple is unlikely to follow. Apple has decided to use iCloud photo storage as a way to upsell iCloud storage tiers. iCloud Storage Monthly Price 50 GB $0.99 200 GB $2.99 1 TB $9.99 2 TB $19.99 Data source: Apple. A photo professional's photo library of original quality files will undoubtedly be over 50 GB, so they can safely disregard the first paid tier. Apple's play here is to increase its services revenue, which is part of its broader effort to focus investors on recurring revenue sources instead of quarterly unit sales, even if that means letting Google keep an important point of differentiation. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 4, 2016 at 6:28PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $786.16 no change (0.00%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $771.23 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Will Snapchat Spectacles Succeed Where Google Glass Failed? Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Reliable Analyst Leaks Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Details Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
null
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Business Highlights     By The Associated Press October 4, 2016     ___ Google gets aggressive with new phones, other gadgets SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones. ___ IMF reduces its forecast for US economic growth this year WASHINGTON (AP) — The International Monetary Fund is downgrading its forecast for the U.S. economy this year and warns that political discontent threatens global growth. The IMF on Tuesday cut its estimate for U.S. economic growth in 2016 to 1.6 per cent from the 2.2 per cent it had predicted in July. The American economy grew 2.6 per cent in 2015. The fund's dimmer outlook for the U.S. occurs even as the Federal Reserve is thought to be preparing to raise interest rates in December. ___ As demand for cars falters, auto prices are poised to fall DETROIT (AP) — While the U.S. inched its way out of the Great Recession, consumers went car shopping in droves. As sales rebounded, the price of cars and trucks rose to record highs. Now, the price trend is set to reverse itself, partly because some buyers are unwilling or unable to pay the high prices and instead are opting for used cars. Sales to consumers are declining, so companies are ramping up incentives. Discounts in September hit a level not seen since automakers were desperate for sales during the financial crisis in late 2008. ___ Holiday sales expected to be up 3.6 per cent NEW YORK (AP) — Americans are expected to spend at a faster clip than last year for the critical holiday season, helped by an economy that should only continue to pick up, according to the nation's largest retail industry trade group. The National Retail Federation, based in Washington, D.C., is forecasting holiday sales for the November and December period to rise 3.6 per cent to $655.8 billion, much better than the 3 per cent growth seen in the year-ago period. The figure also is much higher than the 10-year average of 2.5 per cent and above the 3.4 per cent growth seen since the recovery began in 2009. ___ Stocks fall broadly on Wall Street along with bonds and gold NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks fell broadly on Tuesday, U.S. government bond prices also slumped, and gold had its worse day in nearly three years. Investors are nervous about the timing and the pace of any increase in the super-low interest rates controlled by the Federal Reserve, and comments from central bank officials recently have added to their jitters. Early gains quickly faded and the selling spread across industries. It was the second day of broad declines, a weak start to a new quarter after solid returns in recent months. ___ UK stock market just shy of record high as pound drops LONDON (AP) — Britain's main stock market fell agonizingly short of an all-time high on Tuesday amid a groundswell of optimism that exporters and multinationals will benefit from the pound's woes in the wake of the country's vote to leave the European Union in June. The pressure on the currency, particularly against the dollar where it is trading at 31-year lows, has mounted this week following comments from Prime Minister Theresa May that suggested the country could be heading for a definitive break from the European Union's single market. ___ Olive Garden sales improve, boosting parent company Darden ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Sales at Olive Garden improved in the latest quarter, helping parent company Darden post a higher quarterly profit from a year as it works to navigate changing dining habits. Darden Restaurants Inc. said sales at its existing Olive Garden locations rose 2 per cent in the quarter from a year ago and rose 1.3 per cent for across all its restaurant brands. The increase at Olive Garden was driven by higher prices and mix of more expensive items, while customer traffic slipped. Darden CEO Gene Lee noted the saturated restaurant market in the U.S. and newer competition from nontraditional businesses. ___ US probes complaints of more F-150 brake failures DETROIT (AP) — U.S. safety regulators are investigating whether a recall of Ford F-150 pickup trucks for brake failures should be expanded to more model years. The probe covers about 282,000 pickups with 3.5-litre six-cylinder engines from 2015 and 2016. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it has received 25 complaints alleging sudden brake loss in the trucks. No crashes or injuries were reported. In May, Ford recalled about 271,000 six-cylinder F-150s from 2013 and 2014. The safety agency says it received 10 complaints about 2015 brake failures and another 15 about the 2016 models. Investigators will decide if the 2015 and 2016 models should be added to the recall. ___ Airlines begin to offer travel waivers for Hurricane Matthew Airlines are letting passengers change travel plans without penalty if their trip might be affected by Hurricane Matthew. American Airlines said Tuesday it will waive change fees on trips scheduled Thursday or Friday to or from eight cities in Florida. It had already offered waivers on trips scheduled through Thursday in several Caribbean nations including Cuba. Delta Air Lines is waiving change fees on trips through Wednesday in the Caribbean and through Thursday at eight Florida destinations United Airlines said it would waive change fees and any difference in fare for customers scheduled to fly Wednesday through Friday to, from or through five airports in Florida. ___ Toys R Us sells FAO Schwarz brand to ThreeSixty Group NEW YORK (AP) — Toys R Us has sold its FAO Schwarz brand to ThreeSixty Group, a company that designs and sells toys, home goods and other products. FAO Schwarz, founded in 1862, was known for its New York toy store that was a magnet for tourists who would play a tune on the store's floor piano or gawk at its large stuffed animals. But Toys R Us, which bought FAO Schwarz in 2009, shuttered the store last year to save money. The company did not disclose how much it paid for FAO Schwarz. ___ Ericsson cuts 3,000 jobs in Sweden, reduces operations STOCKHOLM (AP) — Ericsson said Tuesday it will cut 3,000 jobs in Sweden, or nearly 20 per cent of its local workforce, and will downsize operations at several plants as part of its global plan to cut costs by 9 billion kronor ($1 billion) in 2017. The Swedish networks company employs 115,000 people globally, of which 16,000 in Sweden, and said the layoffs are a necessary part of its transformation to meet "fast technology shifts and the digitalization of the telecom industry." The new demands will also create new jobs, Ericsson said, with plans to recruit 1,000 people in Sweden during the next three years. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 85.40 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 18,168.45. The S&P 500 fell 10.71 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,150.49. The Nasdaq composite fell 11.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,289.66. U.S. benchmark crude oil fell 12 cents to close at $48.69 a gallon. Brent crude, the international standard, slipped 2 cents to close at $50.87 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 3 cents to $1.50 a gallon, heating oil was little changed at $1.55 a gallon and natural gas increased 4 cents to $2.963 per 1,000 cubic feet.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business FAO Inc. Google Inc.         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   The Zed Horde Descends Upon Gamers World-Wide as KILLING FLOOR 2 Launches for PC, PlayStation®4 Pro and PlayStation®4 Perk Holiday Shopping Study Reveals That Half of Consumers Will Shop With Mobile on Cyber Monday On BizWireTV: CES 2017 Announces Best of Innovation Honorees and a New Game to Aid Better Sleep           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian Tips iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → New Apple Touch ID Patent Hints at iPhone Home Button’s Demise Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 4th, 2016 3:15 PM EST | News A just published Apple patent shows Touch ID sensors embedded throughout a device display, which means iPhone and iPad users could potentially touch anywhere on their screen to unlock with their finger print. Touch to unlock is currently a Home button feature, but if this patent finds its way into shipping products, it could be the demise for our little clickable friend. Apple’s latest Touch ID patent may signal the end of the Home button As if that isn’t enough to show the Home button is headed to death row, Apple explains in the patent that moving Touch ID to the full display surface will “avoid assigning valuable surface space exclusively to a component that may only be used briefly during the process of identifying the user.” Patently Apple notes this isn’t a new idea for Apple. Efforts to put the Home button out to pasture date back to 2009. Ditching the Home button would free up space for a larger display without increasing the overall size of the iPhone, and more usable screen area may be exactly what Apple is going for. It also means Apple most likely has some other ideas in mind for functions currently assigned to the Home button—like returning to the home screen, or double-press for Apple Pay. Life without an iPhone Home button may be coming sooner than many people expect. As TMO’s Dave Hamilton pointed out on the TMO Daily Observations podcast, Apple already removed the button in the iPhone 7 and replaced it with a touch sensitive surface that uses haptic feedback to trick our brains into thinking we pressed a physical button. The next step is to remove location-limited touch surface and embed its sensors in the display. Apple will have to address the loss of the Home button as a tactile way to know the iPhone’s orientation in our hand without looking, and is likely already experimenting with ideas that go beyond placement of the volume buttons and Lightning connector port. Once Apple’s engineers hammer out the details, get ready for Tim Cook or Phil Schiller to tell us why it’s time to get over the Home button they currently say we can’t live without. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Home Button, iPhone, patent, Touch ID One Comment Add a comment Lee Dronick October 4, 2016 Yes it would free up real estate. I hope that would be able read the finger print in any orientation. October 4, 2016 at 3:30 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $109.95 0.00 (0.00%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Recent News See All » Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay Recent Tips See All » iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 4750 Jeff Gamet news 1 1475594153 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Digg Skip to content, or skip to search. Home Video Editions Store Search Search Search Sign In / Sign Up Live Just The Good Stuff From Yesterday's Google Event GOODBYE NEXUS, HELLO PIXEL Just The Good Stuff From Yesterday's Google Event Dan Fallon Oct 4 2016, 3:41 PM 62 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain A month after Apple announced the iPhone 7 and the death of the headphone jack at their latest event, Google announced their new Pixel phones (with a headphone jack and a killer camera) and new VR headset, and gave us a lot more details on Google Assistant and Google Home. You can watch the full keynote here (which started off with "Silicon Valley" intro with Dinesh and Gilfoyle). Here's a rundown of what was announced: Google Assistant Pichai introduced Google Assistant (which was first announced at Google I/O in May) as "a personal Google for each and every user." &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e6e52fb8f00c4567967bd434fbec74b8_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   It's advertised as not only helping you with single requests, but as learning about you the more you use it: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/5a28247f735b4d81ab9d118b622df9b7_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Pichai discussed Google's advances in artificial intelligence, including its ability to recognize photos:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e2507d2106b8441099f80d13ed8006fa_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Google's neural translation system has also improved dramatically for Chinese-to-English translation. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/38be89a5adde4c76812d511f3afc7147_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/13e162add2984375a46e59540b3e3bc7_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Google's new method is in the middle.  Google is also working on a new text-to-speech engine (i.e. the voice that your phone uses) called WaveNet. It's pretty nifty — you can listen to some samples here, and it's an improvement on the current methods:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e564472aaf074b31a8afedc0c3cf05fd_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Google's Next Step: Hardware + Software Google announces its intention to step up its game in the hardware space (ie. watch your back Apple), developing hardware in tandem with its software (particularly Google Assistant), "so you can get things done without worrying about the underlying technology." The Verge just dropped a big piece on Google's "bold bet on hardware." And the first big product in that new effort... The Pixel: Google's New Phone The days of the budget-friendly Nexus line are over, and Google is entering the flagship fight — the basic Pixel starts at $649.  As far as its looks, the leaks were correct: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/536f25cc11444709b62d812165ac980e_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/420d799b668641b4abc159db8c4d0ec3_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/313e17e6e221441488619c4ff00f6290_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   The specs look solid (and hi there, headphone jack!): &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/a7a04f02266a4b46b39b72bf7be6a9e0_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   The phones are available in 3 colors (although it sounds like the blue is limited edition): &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/620f271c95c0462982162121f90055be_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Google Assistant Is Built In There's a redesigned Google launcher, with round icons, a swipe-up app drawer, and built-in Google Assistant (RIP, Google Now?).  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/3d6dbbb0d507478d8e73123139824320_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Long-pressing the home button brings up the Google Assistant:   &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/0fd5b7e01207423c842ff04cc9ff1410_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Assistant also carries over the dynamic introduced with Google's Now On tap — recognizing what's on the screen when you long press the home button and bringing up relevant results: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/81dc6134117b4f348de4b21e13192f88_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   The Camera Is A Doozy Pixel received highest score ever from camera-rating group DxOMark (although, FWIW, their iPhone 7 Plus review is still forthcoming):  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/30203bd275d840628a5d7d8e8bb823cb_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Smartburst captures a series of frames, and the software picks the best one: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/1476af07047c453d8d9cae336e155d2c_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   HDR+ mode, which (according to Google) does some pretty complex to make photos like this sunset photo (with both the sky and the people illuminated possible): &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/2255af36851b493e9895be5686ed848b_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   The built-in video stabilization looks solid: via GIPHY   Google is offering free storage for unlimited (full res) photo and video, complete with a shot at Apple:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/f4d497c5bbc14fa5ba08e76d55400b5d_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Battery Life The Pixel has quick charging capability: 7 hours of power from 15 minutes of charging (no mention of the standard battery life): &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/f9794be6e6e54b2fbe011ca84e865d07_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Virtual Reality The Headset  Continuing the hardware + software theme, Google is launching the Daydream View, which works with Daydream-ready phones (like the Pixel). It will cost $79: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/e452ea15cafb4056bda9113c10abad8c_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Google said that in designing the View, "we looked at what people actually wear" (i.e. soft fabrics). It's also reportedly 30% lighter than competing headsets, so it might actually be pretty comfortable: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/5fa439b520774391bfbbc7340634a4a5_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   No connectors here — you just put your (Daydream compatible) phone in it and close the latch: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/9b4e97bedf53448f9b46effe00d43666_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   The controller looks pretty simple, and has sensors for a full range of motion. Remains to be seen how intuitive and accurate it turns out to be: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/f1675241a8754f2ebd7986d8415bc618_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Daydream Platform Daydream appears to be Google's app store for VR:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/730d884823974c7a9de9639e7939a294_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Including things like fancy Street View, with tours at sites around the world, like the Taj Mahal: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/0673f00330ad4bcdaa4a347563d629ff_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   This one seems like it will take time to flesh out (VR is still young as a consumer product, after all), but Google seems to have a good head start on things. Google Home Products Google Wi-Fi Google's got a new wi-fi router (that you can use in groups): &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/9d0424dc789b48609d64b0d2116a61be_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Using multiple sets will (supposedly) get your whole house covered: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/287461c38f5c46d481c7d2918d96ea73_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Though that three-pack won't come cheap: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/467ee110e7704d8f9800f1edf0075337_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Chromecast Ultra 4K video comes to Chromecast:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/1869da9f87464ff5867e924582885ab7_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/43d49a40266a414bb9eb246a01ac4fdd_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   The price? Nice. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/aa31acb9de2047efad18f4b76a40400c_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Google Home Announced at Google I/O, we're getting more specifics on Google's Amazon Echo competitor, Home. You talk to it by saying "Ok Google." It costs $129 (Google is throwing in 6 months of free YouTube Red) and it has different speaker covers to choose from: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/993ddbb01a8846e8ae3cfa084323a14c_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Google is advertising the speaker as something you'll use to actually listen to your music — not something you'll necessarily have to pair with speakers:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/2c0f2861459741f69f36caf0d4da8821_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Nice speakers, dude.  If you do want to use your nice speakers, you'll have to connect them to a Chromecast Audio to connect them to the Google Home.  As far as music options, it works with YouTube and a bunch of others: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/684103cbf7074f28a279400310e2f25f_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   It's got Google Assistant, so you can ask it lots of questions like "Can I give my dog chocolate?" (c'mon dude) or "What are some nearby camping stores?" And then it can also give you a traffic report for getting to the camping store you want to go to.  We'll see how this actually works in practice, but Google's knowledge base and Google app integration with your other devices (e.g. Maps on your phone) definitely seems like an advantage.  Home is also integrated with some common smart home products: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/026f7f3b77514494ad641efbcad47cba_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   And you can also use it to control your Chromecast (you don't have to watch Katy Perry):  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/d738eef313b44fe0915f6eec99d28f97_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Voice integration with YouTube is built-in, and integration with Netflix is coming.  Google wants you to have multiple Google Homes in your home: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/983b845b289d44409499d5e38d89750f_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   You can preorder the Home today; it ships November 4th.  Google Assistant Actions Google is working on a lot of integrations for Google Assistant, so that businesses can jump into your Assistant, like Uber: &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/90a33bb2ee5a4bdba0610ea3d15e1cc4_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   These are some of their launch partners:  &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/495e324cf35d499bb23e739a0e783109_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;   Other Stuff Apple got James Corden to open up its event... Google got Dinesh and Gilfoyle from Silicon Valley: Google's stage setup was decidedly more modest than Apple's stage:  Google:  &lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/eb38425cb81e40f88296fca6e666eff0_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&gt;   Apple: &lt;img src="http://static.digg.com/images/f4be379fbde14a8496f02f3eae58aa16_2dYmP6w_1_post.jpeg" alt="" /&gt;   Dan Fallon is Managing Editor at Digg.  'THIS HAS NEVER BEEN EASY' Jon Stewart On The Election Results, Liberal Hypocrisy And What Makes America Truly Great 76 diggs Video Politics Donald Trump Stewart sat down with Charlie Rose to plug his new book about "The Daily Show." He also spoke out for the first time about what a Trump presidency says about America. 76 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain PUT A LOAD ON Running Is The Worst Way To Get Fit 69 diggs tonic.vice.com Health Running is a crappy way to lose fat and an inferior way to boost cardiovascular health, but it's somehow​​​ become the most popular exercise on Earth after walking. 69 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain TRIP ON TO LEAN IN Why Power Women Are Micro-Dosing On LSD 68 diggs marieclaire.com Drugs Health Karen Smith didn't see swirling wild colors or shifting shapes. She didn't feel as if the trees and sky were sparkling magically at her. She didn't imagine that she saw God. Instead — along with shaking off those winter blues — she became very, very efficient. 68 diggs Save Share Tweet 'nana Blacklist story Blacklist domain Want more stories like this? Every day we send an email with the top stories and videos from Digg. Enter your email address Subscribe Saved ✖ About FAQ Blog Jobs Advertise Submit a Link Community Guidelines Terms Privacy © 2016 Digg Inc. Home Video Editions Store
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Oct 4, 2016 The Associated Press   ___ Google gets aggressive with new phones, other gadgets SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Google launched an aggressive challenge to consumer electronics giants like Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing a new line of smartphones called Pixel and other gadgets designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls “Google Assistant.” The new devices represent a big push by Google to make and sell its own hardware, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At a starting price of roughly $650, the new Pixel phones are aimed at the same markets as Apple’s iPhone and Samsung’s Galaxy flagship phones. ___ IMF reduces its forecast for US economic growth this year WASHINGTON (AP) — The International Monetary Fund is downgrading its forecast for the U.S. economy this year and warns that political discontent threatens global growth. The IMF on Tuesday cut its estimate for U.S. economic growth in 2016 to 1.6 per cent from the 2.2 per cent it had predicted in July. The American economy grew 2.6 per cent in 2015. The fund’s dimmer outlook for the U.S. occurs even as the Federal Reserve is thought to be preparing to raise interest rates in December. ___ As demand for cars falters, auto prices are poised to fall DETROIT (AP) — While the U.S. inched its way out of the Great Recession, consumers went car shopping in droves. As sales rebounded, the price of cars and trucks rose to record highs. Now, the price trend is set to reverse itself, partly because some buyers are unwilling or unable to pay the high prices and instead are opting for used cars. Sales to consumers are declining, so companies are ramping up incentives. Discounts in September hit a level not seen since automakers were desperate for sales during the financial crisis in late 2008. ___ Holiday sales expected to be up 3.6 per cent NEW YORK (AP) — Americans are expected to spend at a faster clip than last year for the critical holiday season, helped by an economy that should only continue to pick up, according to the nation’s largest retail industry trade group. The National Retail Federation, based in Washington, D.C., is forecasting holiday sales for the November and December period to rise 3.6 per cent to $655.8 billion, much better than the 3 per cent growth seen in the year-ago period. The figure also is much higher than the 10-year average of 2.5 per cent and above the 3.4 per cent growth seen since the recovery began in 2009. ___ Stocks fall broadly on Wall Street along with bonds and gold NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks fell broadly on Tuesday, U.S. government bond prices also slumped, and gold had its worse day in nearly three years. Investors are nervous about the timing and the pace of any increase in the super-low interest rates controlled by the Federal Reserve, and comments from central bank officials recently have added to their jitters. Early gains quickly faded and the selling spread across industries. It was the second day of broad declines, a weak start to a new quarter after solid returns in recent months. ___ UK stock market just shy of record high as pound drops LONDON (AP) — Britain’s main stock market fell agonizingly short of an all-time high on Tuesday amid a groundswell of optimism that exporters and multinationals will benefit from the pound’s woes in the wake of the country’s vote to leave the European Union in June. The pressure on the currency, particularly against the dollar where it is trading at 31-year lows, has mounted this week following comments from Prime Minister Theresa May that suggested the country could be heading for a definitive break from the European Union’s single market. ___ Olive Garden sales improve, boosting parent company Darden ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Sales at Olive Garden improved in the latest quarter, helping parent company Darden post a higher quarterly profit from a year as it works to navigate changing dining habits. Darden Restaurants Inc. said sales at its existing Olive Garden locations rose 2 per cent in the quarter from a year ago and rose 1.3 per cent for across all its restaurant brands. The increase at Olive Garden was driven by higher prices and mix of more expensive items, while customer traffic slipped. Darden CEO Gene Lee noted the saturated restaurant market in the U.S. and newer competition from nontraditional businesses. ___ US probes complaints of more F-150 brake failures DETROIT (AP) — U.S. safety regulators are investigating whether a recall of Ford F-150 pickup trucks for brake failures should be expanded to more model years. The probe covers about 282,000 pickups with 3.5-litre six-cylinder engines from 2015 and 2016. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says it has received 25 complaints alleging sudden brake loss in the trucks. No crashes or injuries were reported. In May, Ford recalled about 271,000 six-cylinder F-150s from 2013 and 2014. The safety agency says it received 10 complaints about 2015 brake failures and another 15 about the 2016 models. Investigators will decide if the 2015 and 2016 models should be added to the recall. ___ Airlines begin to offer travel waivers for Hurricane Matthew Airlines are letting passengers change travel plans without penalty if their trip might be affected by Hurricane Matthew. American Airlines said Tuesday it will waive change fees on trips scheduled Thursday or Friday to or from eight cities in Florida. It had already offered waivers on trips scheduled through Thursday in several Caribbean nations including Cuba. Delta Air Lines is waiving change fees on trips through Wednesday in the Caribbean and through Thursday at eight Florida destinations United Airlines said it would waive change fees and any difference in fare for customers scheduled to fly Wednesday through Friday to, from or through five airports in Florida. ___ Toys R Us sells FAO Schwarz brand to ThreeSixty Group NEW YORK (AP) — Toys R Us has sold its FAO Schwarz brand to ThreeSixty Group, a company that designs and sells toys, home goods and other products. FAO Schwarz, founded in 1862, was known for its New York toy store that was a magnet for tourists who would play a tune on the store’s floor piano or gawk at its large stuffed animals. But Toys R Us, which bought FAO Schwarz in 2009, shuttered the store last year to save money. The company did not disclose how much it paid for FAO Schwarz. ___ Ericsson cuts 3,000 jobs in Sweden, reduces operations STOCKHOLM (AP) — Ericsson said Tuesday it will cut 3,000 jobs in Sweden, or nearly 20 per cent of its local workforce, and will downsize operations at several plants as part of its global plan to cut costs by 9 billion kronor ($1 billion) in 2017. The Swedish networks company employs 115,000 people globally, of which 16,000 in Sweden, and said the layoffs are a necessary part of its transformation to meet “fast technology shifts and the digitalization of the telecom industry.” The new demands will also create new jobs, Ericsson said, with plans to recruit 1,000 people in Sweden during the next three years. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average fell 85.40 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 18,168.45. The S&P 500 fell 10.71 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 2,150.49. The Nasdaq composite fell 11.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,289.66. U.S. benchmark crude oil fell 12 cents to close at $48.69 a gallon. Brent crude, the international standard, slipped 2 cents to close at $50.87 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 3 cents to $1.50 a gallon, heating oil was little changed at $1.55 a gallon and natural gas increased 4 cents to $2.963 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 5 °C Friday 18 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags family Artificial Intelligence davdream view Google google home google pixel Launch San Francisco See other tags Tags Tuesday 4 Oct, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3010507 Watch out Apple - Google has finally hit the market with an uber smartphone of its own Google’s Pixel smartphone range, along with all sorts of other tech tidbits, launched in San Francisco today. Oct 4th 2016, 10:55 PM 26,640 Views 50 Comments Share45 Tweet Email1 The new Google Pixel phone Source: Eric Risberg GOOGLE HAS OPENED fire on its rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware – and this time the global giant is aiming at the smartphone market. The company has today launched its premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence (AI) prowess. The unveiling of Google’s in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by the US company, which also revealed details of its new “home assistant” virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. Today’s event in San Francisco marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is leading a major push to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence a futuristic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices. Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said the new devices were part of Google’s strategy to bring artificial intelligence to a range of new devices. “We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world,” he said, adding that the latest push is an extension of the Google search capacity by assisting consumers in finding and organising information. Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user. Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based giant, added: “We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre.” Pixel will be available with a 5 or 5.5 inch display, starting at $649 (€579) for US customers, at similar prices to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders began today in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the United States. Made by Google Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple. Source: Eric Risberg Until now, Google’s flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware partners that have included China’s Huawei and South Korea’s LG. The California group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in 2011, but sold that unit less than three years later. “Google today demonstrated that it’s finally serious about hardware,” said Jan Dawson at Jackdaw Research. “The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as peers to the iPhone.” The new Pixel phone is “the first phone made by Google inside and out”, said Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem. Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the company’s new Daydream virtual reality platform. Pixel has a “smart” camera which can select the best images from a stream, and a program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at winning over iPhone users. Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy said it may be challenging for Google to gain market share. Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaking at today's event Source: Eric Risberg “Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone seventh generation phones,” Moorhead said. They don’t exactly swing anyone around the room. Apple’s world Gartner analyst Brian Blau said that “the most exciting part of the announcement today was the assistant”, which showcases Google’s strength in artificial intelligence. “It’s a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have that direct relationship with their customers,” Blau told AFP. Google's new Daydream View virtual reality headset Source: Eric Risberg “It is clearly a step into Apple’s world,” of controlling hardware and software and services, he added. Pixel will be sold through US carrier Verizon and telecom groups, and available at Google’s online shop unlocked. As part of its expanded hardware push, Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset that compatible smartphones can be slipped into to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes. Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November, priced at $79 (€70). Google has also added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that lets a set of inter-connected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals strong in all spots. A Google Home Wi Fi unit on display at today's event Source: Eric Risberg “Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home,” said Google executive Mario Queiroz. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant that will be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices. Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that lets people tap into the company’s online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks, control devices in homes, stream videos and more. The $129 (€115) Google Home device will be available in retail shops on 4 November. © – AFP, 2016 Read: Enda Kenny announces 100% fibre-optic broadband for his hometown Read: Meet Kirobo, Toyota’s new friendly robot that could cure your loneliness Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: AFP See more articles by AFP Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/google-pixel-launch-3010507-Oct2016/?embedpost=3010507&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/google-pixel-launch-3010507-Oct2016/?embedpost=3010507&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/google-pixel-launch-3010507-Oct2016/?embedpost=3010507&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Watch out Apple - Google has finally hit the market with an uber smartphone of its own”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Watch out Apple - Google has finally hit the market with an uber smartphone of its own”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (50 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions State handouts for everyone?: 'Computerisation and automation will destroy vast numbers of jobs which is why we need a basic income' Dr Malcolm Torry In an uncertain future where robots take over our jobs, states will have to pay citizens a basic income, writes Dr Malcolm Torry. Tom Clonan: 'It is possible that the US and Russia may carve up Syria and Iraq between themselves' Tom Clonan Both Aleppo and Mosul are being besieged by pro-government forces strongly supported by foreign air power but the media coverage is very different, writes Tom Clonan. An open letter to Mark Zuckerberg from the world’s fact-checkers (including TheJournal.ie) The International Fact-Checking Network Fact-checkers from around the world, including TheJournal.ie’s FactCheck, set out their stall on Facebook and fake news. Most Popular Today 1 Man who fell into Yellowstone hot spring "dissolved" in acidic boiling waters 42,388  49 2 Irish Travellers win discrimination case after Wetherspoon's pub refuses them entry 38,278  9 3 Nearly 24 hours from freedom, Brendan Dassey's release from prison has been blocked 36,676  53 1 Ryanair's marketing guru: 'Coming from England to visit your Irish granny is not tourism' 2,182  0 2 Hungary is bringing in the EU's lowest corporate tax rate 936  0 3 Why big whiskey distillers are volunteering to teach new rivals the ropes 135  0 1 O'Brien starts for Ireland as Schmidt names Henderson and Jackson on bench 28,262  69 2 Robbie Keane confirms he's leaving LA Galaxy but seeking 'one last major challenge' 23,856  46 3 Latest England tabloid dross is another damning indictment of the FA - not Wayne Rooney 18,794  23 1 11 songs no Irish dad can resist 6,883  10 2 People weren't happy with Ant and Dec's Stephen Hawking joke on I'm A Celeb last night 6,226  8 3 What to watch on TV tonight: Thursday 4,605  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Teen jailed after man punched, stabbed and pushed in Dublin canal while walking home Woman who repeatedly threatened to bomb the President avoids jail Student who knocked man unconscious in taxi row to be sentenced next year HEALTH There's trouble between Fine Gael and the Independent Alliance again... this time it's over alcohol Your crash course in... The factors that are shaping Ireland's sugar tax Comedian Al Porter showed his antidepressants on TV and has spoken out against stigma DUBLIN Second win over the All Blacks would lift Ireland to thrilling heights 14 reasons Dublin is just the best place in winter 'We can be better': Johnny Sexton demanding more relentless attack from Ireland CANCER Girl who died of cancer won the right to have her body frozen Urinary problems and erectile dysfunction - men with prostate cancer share their experiences Leonard Cohen died from a fall, his manager confirms ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Watch out Apple - Google has finally hit the market with an uber smartphone of its own Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
null
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store Display Ads PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Google gets aggressive with new phones, other gadgets October 4, 2016 • Business Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the colors of the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Google is ratcheting up its rivalry with Apple and Amazon in unveiling new smartphones and an internet-connected speaker sporting a digital assistant that the company hopes to make indispensable. The devices unveiled Tuesday are part of Google’s bold move to design and sell its own hardware, instead of just supplying Android and other software for other companies to make products. Google’s previous attempts at hardware have had limited distribution and included such high-profile flops as its internet-connected Glass headgear. This time around, Google is betting big that it has matured to the point that it can design software and hardware to work seamlessly with each other — an art that Apple mastered during the past 15 years as it mesmerized consumers with its iPods, iPhones, iPads and Macs. Borrowing another page from Apple’s book, Google is backing its expanded product lineup with the biggest marketing campaign in its 18-year history. The company isn’t disclosing how much it will spend, but made it clear the ads touting products “Made by Google” will be ubiquitous during the next few months. “They have done some [auth] advertising in the past, but it’s never been with this kind of ‘let us take care of everything for you’ way,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. “This is more like Apple’s way of doing things.” GADGETS ON PARADE Google executives showed off a series of gadgets in rapid succession in San Francisco on Tuesday. The new Pixel phones, starting at a price of $650, are aimed squarely at Apple’s iPhone and could also siphon sales from the biggest manufacturer of Android-powered phones, Samsung. Android now powers more than 80 percent of the smartphones sold around the world. But Samsung has increasingly been adding more of its own software, including its own mobile wallet, on its phones. Analysts warned that Google’s increased emphasis on its own branded devices runs the risk of alienating Samsung, as well as LG and other longtime partners that make Android gadgets. Google, though, emphasized it still plans to work with other manufacturers, even as it tries to become a bigger player in hardware. Meanwhile, Google’s new Home speaker represents a counterpunch to Amazon’s Echo, a similar device that has become a big hit since its release about 15 months ago. Google Home will cost $129, undercutting Echo by $50. Home will be available on Nov. 4 for $129, with advance orders starting Tuesday. Google also announced a virtual-reality headset called Daydream View, a new Wi-Fi router and an update to the company’s Chromecast device for streaming video. THE PHONE Available in two sizes, the Pixel phones replace Google’s previous foray into smartphones with a Nexus brand introduced six years ago. Google never hailed Nexus as its own phone, but instead positioned it as an example of how it believed the Android system worked best. In promoting the Pixels, Google highlighted a camera it says trumps the latest iPhone, a long-lasting battery and a dedicated headphone jack — a staple that Apple eliminated from the iPhones released last month. And while past Google phones primarily relied on sales through Google’s online Play store, the Pixel will also be sold by Verizon in the U.S. The phones come out Oct. 20, with advance orders starting Tuesday. Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said in an email that Google was smart to emphasize the performance of the new smartphone cameras, as “consumers care about this a lot.” But he said other features in the new phones didn’t seem that much different from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. SMART ASSISTANT The phones and speaker will serve as a showcase for Google’s digital helper, Google Assistant. The helper will respond to spoken questions such as “How do you remove wine stains out of the carpet?” and commands to control the volume of the television and other home appliances with internet connections. Google Assistant escalates the company’s battle against Apple, which offers a virtual helping hand through Siri, and Amazon, whose Alexa concierge resides in Echo and other devices. Google believes its assistant will be more knowledgeable, more personable and more versatile than the competition. Its confidence stems from the more than 70 billion facts that it has stockpiled in a database that it calls a “knowledge graph,” as well as the ability of its dominant search engine to quickly scan the web to retrieve a specific piece of information. Google CEO Sundar Pichai boasts that the assistant will draw upon the company’s advances in artificial intelligence to deliver “a personal Google for each and every user.” The artificial intelligence programming is designed to learn more about the person using it with each interaction, according to Google. That’s one reason why Google eventually wants the assistant on more devices, though the company currently doesn’t have plans to build directly into Android the way Siri is automatically included in Apple’s mobile software. Instead, Google will allow other device makers to include the assistant in their products if they want, beginning early next year. “Search has been Google’s golden ticket for the past 20 years of the internet, and now they are hoping artificial intelligence will become the next golden ticket,” Blau said. Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive tasks, Moorhead cautioned that similar services such as Siri and Microsoft’s Cortana haven’t fulfilled their early promises to ingrain themselves into people’s lives. Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Nationals’ Turner brings blast of speed into October Tyson Foods to pay $1.6 million to settle hiring charges » Business Review E&CS Electric Inc. Dining Guide Andrew’s Donuts Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years AAA New Mexico: Gas prices average decrease 5 cents November 17, 2016 Insurance Regulator Calls Audit Into Back Taxes Inaccurate November 17, 2016 Transmission Project Developers To Survey State Trust Land November 17, 2016 Groups Say Rollout Of New Mexico Driver’s Licenses Chaotic November 17, 2016 Police: Roswell Man Accused In Fatal Shooting Of His Uncle November 17, 2016 New Mexico Supreme Court Upholds Cold-Case Murder Conviction November 17, 2016 Report: New Mexico Struggles With Aging Doctors November 16, 2016 Kirtland Air Force Base Unveils Medal Of Honor Wall November 16, 2016 University Of New Mexico Regents Eye New Seal Design November 16, 2016 Navajo Nation Lawmakers Proposes Funding For Amber Alert November 16, 2016 © 2016 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Home Technology Apps Games General Contact Search MustTech News Friday, November 18, 2016 About Contact MustTech Games Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Home Technology Essential Advice For Your Next Laptop Purchase Learn About The iPad To Get The Most Of It Everything You Have Always Wanted To Know About A Desktop Computer Don’t Know If iPhone Is Right For You, Learn This Amazing… Discovering What Makes Your iPhone Great Advice For Users Apps macOS Sierra 10.12.1 is out and we have rumours about the… New Windows 10 gives users a chance to use Ink on… Google Keyboard 5.2 is coming to Android 7.1.1 but it has… New Android 7.1 preview now available for Nexus 6P, 5X and… Verizon says Pixel phones by Google will get updates as fast… Games Zap The Bad Guys With These Video Game Tips You Can Be A Video Game Winner When You Use These… Where To Find Great Video Games For Great Prices Video Game Tips And Techniques Anyone Can Use Video Game Tips You Can Use Today General Essential Advice For Your Next Laptop Purchase Learn About The iPad To Get The Most Of It Everything You Have Always Wanted To Know About A Desktop Computer Zap The Bad Guys With These Video Game Tips Don’t Know If iPhone Is Right For You, Learn This Amazing… Contact Home Technology Technology Apple Watch Sales To Go Down In 2016 Even With The Launch Of Series 2 By Adity Bera - October 4, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter According to a research conducted by Ming-Chi Kuo, KGI Securities analyst, Apple is presumed to sell lesser Apple Watch in 2016 compared to the numbers it sold in 2015. Kuo said that the Series 1 and 2 Apple Watch lack smart applications, are heavily reliant on iPhone, poor battery life and a multi-touch UI which makes it an undesirable device to wear. Apple Watch has botched to influence sales of Fitbit and Kuo also says that although the Series models have been reasonably priced, there won’t be a hike in the sales. Apple Watch Sales To Go Down In 2016 Even With The Launch Of Series 2 Kuo has cut his approximations for the year 2016 for Apple’s smartwatch by 15 to 20% predicting sales of around 9 million units in the 2016 financial year. Apple has neither broken down the numbers for Apple’s smartwatch sales nor have they revealed the count of wearable devices sold since April 2015, making it tough to exactly understand how popular it is among its consumers. The International Data Corporation (IDC) approximates which were declared over the summer proposed that Apple sold around 1.6 million units in the second quarter of 2016, which was down by 3.6 million approximated units in the Quarter 2 of 2015. Apple Watch Sales Completely Different It is noteworthy to see that the approximates for Apple Watch sales are completely different at times such as in the March quarter, Swiss bank UBS approximated sales of 1.6 million units whereas Strategy Analytics approximated sales of 2.2 million. The Series 2 of Apple Watch looks similar to the Series 1 models but has been bettered in terms of waterproof, the display has been made brighter, has a GPS and a dual-core processor. More significant changes are expected in the Apple’s smartwatch of 2017 and is predicted to have a new outer design too. TAGS Apple Watch Apple Watch sales Apple Watch to be down in 2016 SHARE Facebook Twitter Adity Bera Bjk Haber Bjk Borsa Canlı Altın Fiyatları © 2016 | MustTech News
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Daily Deals: Apple Watch $200, $100 iTunes gift card for $85, and more By Cody Lee, Oct 4, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment iDB’s Daily Deal post is a roundup of our favorite deals on tech and tech-related products from around the web. This includes everything from smartphones, tablets and accessories, to connected devices and even video games. Every deal you see below has been hand-picked based on a variety of factors including personal experience, online reviews from customers and experts, and discount percentage. So what are you waiting for? Get shopping! Refurbished Apple Watch 42mm Sport Model Top rated eBay seller mobilepros1 has a solid deal on refurbished Apple Watches right now. These are the 42mm Sport models, available in both silver and space gray finishes. Shipping is free, and item is covered by a 30-day money back guarantee. If you’re looking for a cheap Apple Watch, this is worth checking out. You can buy this Apple Watch Sport on eBay for $200 (normal price new $350). LG 55-inch Curved OLED 3D Smart TV Adorama, via its eBay store, has a great deal on LG’s 55EG9100 TV set. This is essentially the TV to get if you’re not worried about 4K. It features a 55-inch OLED curved screen, with support for 3D, and webOS 2.0 smart interface. It offers deep blacks, great viewing angles and plenty of connectivity options. You can buy this LG 55-inch TV on eBay for $1,170 (normal price $1,800). 9.7-inch iPad Pro 128GB In the market for an iPad Pro? Quickshipelectronics on eBay (99.7% positive feedback) has 9.7-inch 128GB iPad Pros on sale for $570. That’s cheaper than the usual retail price of the 32GB model. They are open box units, but because they show no signs of use and come in original boxes with original warranty, they’re selling them as ‘new.’ You can buy this 128GB 9.7-inch iPad Pro on eBay for $570 (normal price $700). WD Elements 2TB Portable Hard Drive USB 3.0 With up to 2TB capacity in a lightweight design, this drive is the ideal companion for users on the go. USB 3.0 connectivity delivers maximum performance for transferring files to and from this drive. Formatted for Windows Formatted NTFS and compatible with Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista or Windows XP. Can be reformatted for Mac. You can buy this 2TB portable hard drive on eBay for $73 (normal price $105). Remember that these are “daily” deals, meaning some of these prices may not be available for long. So don’t hesitate to take advantage of the savings! Want even more deals? Be sure to follow @iDBDeals on Twitter! Previous deals still available: Refurbished Logitech Harmony 650 Universal TV Remote The Logitech Harmony 650 remote can control up to 8 devices, and it’s compatible with more than 225,000 devices across more than 5,000 brands. Setup is as easy as plugging the remote in and running the software. I have a Harmony remote myself and it really is as pleasant of an experience as it sounds. These are refurbished units that come with a 90-day warranty. You can buy this Logitech Harmony 650 remote on eBay for $39.95 (normal price new $80). 1-Year Apple Music Subscription for $99 PayPal, via its eBay store, is offering a 1-year Apple Music subscription gift card for $99. This is essentially a $20 discount from the standard $9.99/rate. The gift cards are delivered via email, within minutes of purchase, and the promotion is applied directly to your Apple Music account. US-only. You can buy this 1-year Apple Music gift card on eBay for $99 (normal price $120). Bose QuietComfort 20 Noise Cancelling Headphones These noise cancelling earbuds from Bose are popular with consumers for their great sound and ability to block out surrounding distractions. Aware mode lets you hear what’s around you when you need to, at the touch of a button. Comes with specific iOS devicecontrols (also an Android option) and Stay Hear+ ear tips. You can buy these Bose QuietComfort 20 Headphones on Amazon for $250 (normal price $300). Logitech Circle Wireless Security Camera  Amazon is also running a nice discount on Logitech’s highly rated Circle wireless security camera. It features live 1080p HD video streaming, instant Smart Alerts on your phone for unexpected movements, two-way audio, free cloud recording and storage, and an option run wirelessly on batteries. Setup is also a breeze, and shouldn’t take more than 60 seconds. You can buy the Logitech Circle security camera on Amazon for $146 (normal price $200). $100 iTunes Gift Card for $85 – Email Delivery PayPal is offering $100 iTunes Gift Cards for $85 in their eBay store again. This is a solid 15% discount, and worth grabbing even if there isn’t anything in particular you want to buy right now. I typically buy one and let it sit in my account to pay for things like Netflix and Apple Music. Works on apps, games, movies, books and much more. Email delivery. You can buy this $100 iTunes Gift Card on eBay for $85 (normal price $100). Refurbished Marshall Stanmore Bluetooth Speaker Top rated eBay seller secondipity has Marshall’s popular Stanmore Bluetooth speaker at a great price. These are manufacturer refurbished units, and come with a warranty and 30-day money back guarantee. Features include multiple connection sources, vintage design, high quality audio, and PowerSaver standby modes. If you’re looking for a home-based Bluetooth speaker, check this one out. You can buy this Marshall Stanmore speaker on eBay for $180 (normal price new $350). Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3 headphones, and more Daily Deals: $40 off RAVPower battery pack, $270 off 13-inch MacBook Pro, and more Daily Deals: $200 off 4K iMac, $500 off LG curved OLED TV, and more Daily Deals: $260 off Parrot Bebop Drone, $400 off 12.9-inch iPad Pro, and more Related Topics Accessories, Deal, Discount, iPad, iPhone, Roundup   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going Apple’s free app of the week: Tayasui Sketches Pro   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.

Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Review: ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Breaks as Many Things as It Fixes These Evil Kermit the Frog Memes Are a Hilarious Reminder of the Dark Side in All of Us Why Donald Trump’s Election Makes J.K. Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts Even More Timely A Man Dissolved in an Acidic Hot Pool at Yellowstone. Here’s Why the Water Is So Dangerous History Is a Pendulum Not an Arc Miles Teller and Aaron Eckhart on Why Bleed For This Is More Than Just Another Boxing Movie Older Moms May Live Longer Man Tried to Burn Down His Ex-Girlfriend’s House Using Cheetos Divorce Rate in U.S. Drops to Nearly 40-Year Low Smithsonian Just Announced Its 2016 Ingenuity Award Winners TIME Tech Gadgets Google’s New Chromecast Reveals How It Sees the Future of TV John Patrick Pullen @jppullen Oct. 4, 2016 SHARE The Chromecast Ultra can handle ultra-high-res 4K video + READ ARTICLE Greetings from the (near) future, a place (not quite) devoid of the tyranny of cables, and where I can watch television on (practically) any device I want, (almost) anywhere I want. The freedom is — hold on, my show is buffering — truly liberating. (So long as I don’t put my iPad next to my refrigerator. Then it’s infuriating.) While unveiling the newest version of his company’s streaming media box just over a year ago, Apple CEO Tim Cook proclaimed “the future of TV is apps.” Today, Google revealed its competing vision for the big screen and, unsurprisingly, the two rivals are at odds with one another. The search giant thinks the future of TV is bandwidth, and from my Barcalounger — situated on the cutting edge of technology — I’m compelled to agree. I’ve had the latest Apple TV for nearly a year, but I’ve only used it about a dozen times. Apps — at least in their current configuration — aren’t the future of television, at least not right now. In part, that’s because, while using the Apple TV, you have to use your television provider credentials to log into each and every different app. This is a major pain. Apple says a fix is coming, but it’s still MIA. Another Apple TV hangup for some: It doesn’t support 4K video. What’s the sense of buying a shiny new box for your shiny new television if it will provide a picture that’s no better than your old flatscreen? A year ago, this was a three-way chicken and egg problem between studios that didn’t shoot shows and movies in 4K, Internet providers that didn’t provide enough bandwidth to handle large video files, and television manufacturers that struggled to get pricing low enough for mass adoption. But coming into this holiday season, 4K televisions will be in demand, 4K content will be more widely available through providers like Netflix and Google Play, and ISPs…well, Internet speeds are still a challenge. So instead of using the Apple TV, I use TiVo. It’s a great service presumably only used by journalists and Europeans, because those are the only people I ever hear speaking lovingly about the company. Through my TiVo box and accompanying app, I can stream video to my iPad or iPhone whether I’m home or not. That said, it works much better in my home than outside it, and struggles in low-bandwidth situations like on public Wi-Fi or, as I alluded, next to my refrigerator. (The same can be said for any other streaming video app like Amazon Prime, Hulu, Netflix, and the rest.) But the fact is, my home’s Internet setup wasn’t designed to let me watch Last Week Tonight via HBO Go on my iPad while I wash the dishes. The refrigerator, my body, and the running water all block my wireless signal as I scrub the pots and pans. As a busy father, the 20 minutes I get cleaning up dinner are the few moments in a day I get all to myself — and even then I end up troubleshooting the house’s Internet problems. One of Google’s new products, announced at its event Tuesday, might help: Google Wi-Fi. Due to launch in December, Google Wi-Fi aims to eschew the central router concept in favor of an expandable system that improves coverage throughout the house. “Unfortunately, traditional routers weren’t designed for the way we use Wi-Fi in the home today,” Google Head of Product Management Mario Queiroz said while unveiling the gadget. “We’re streaming, gaming, video chatting and more, all throughout the house.” By plugging in multiple Google Wi-Fi routers, which will cost $129 for one or $299 for three but are not yet ready for pre-order, the system creates a Wi-Fi network around the home that’s supposed to keep far-flung devices like my nursery webcam and my front door camera transmitting data just as quickly as my living room’s Apple TV can gobble it up. But Google would prefer I use a new $69 Chromecast Ultra instead. The company is making a strong case for me (and anyone who owns a 4K television) to switch. Similar to the 30 million other Chromecast devices Google has sold to date, the new version will be capable of streaming ultra-high definition 4K content, at last taking advantage of all those gorgeous new televisions that everyone’s been neglecting. And pairing Google Play’s upcoming 4K content offerings with equally high resolution images on YouTube, the chicken and egg problem is no more. Suddenly all of Google’s eggs are hatching. Well, almost. The company still has to contend with ISPs and slow broadband speeds. But through Google Fiber, the company is conquering that, albeit slowly. Of course, my city doesn’t have Google Fiber and, most likely, neither does yours. But faster Internet speeds are coming. And the future of television with it. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 28-50 We set you thinking Tuesday 15 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition IT Show Cameras Gadgets Games Tech Reviews newstream World Amid crisis, Venezuelan president turns to music 1479145554 World Trump poses daunting new challenge for Germany's Merkel 1479147743 Business Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight 1479147771 Singapore Singapore, Malaysia likely to sign agreement on high-speed rail next month 1479153696 Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup 1479153695 Business SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares 1479153695 Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending 1479153695 Sports Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer 1479153694 Singapore Woman to be charged with making false police report 1479153694 Sports Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin 1479153694 World Malaysia not giving up on TPP 1479153694 Business Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival 1479153693 Business Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks 1479153693 Tech Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b 1479153693 Voices Institutional changes needed to prevent teen suicides 1479153692 Voices Malaysia’s new foreign-car levy may have unintended benefits for S’poreans 1479153692 Voices Will rise in waste collection fee mean a better service? 1479153692 World Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study 1479153692 Sports Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber 1479153691 World Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics 1479153691 Voices Low confidence in Trump, but hopefully he grows into job 1479153691 China&India Beijing lets outspoken editor of Global Times off the leash 1479153690 China&India Despite bitter election, many Chinese see US democracy as example to follow 1479153690 Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw 1479153690 Lifestyle American designer Michael Kors on how the new Singapore flaghsip store is better than online shopping 1479153689 World What will the Trump presidency mean for Asean? 1479153689 Singapore Keeping Singapore’s hawker food affordable and accessible 1479153689 Entertainment Cinematic Taipei 1479153683 World Iraqi Kurds deny 'strategic' plan to demolish Arab homes 1479143996 Business U.S. finalizes long delayed 'quiet cars' rules 1479145221 World Shaves at barber's, corpses in streets as Islamic State retreats in Mosul 1479146092 World Russia says MiG-29 jet fighter crashed in Mediterranean: agencies 1479145095 World In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State 1479148109 Business Wall Street falls as tech drags; investors eye Trump policies 1479146885 World EU criticises Turkey but not ready to halt membership talks 1479147023 Business Samsung to buy car tech company Harman for $8 billion 1479144732 World Islamic State ousted from Yazidi villages west of Mosul -Kurdish-Yazidi force 1479143015 Business IEX hires ex-banking executive to take on NYSE, Nasdaq for listings 1479141216 Business U.S. inflation expectations flat, low in October: NY Fed survey 1479142767 Business UPS air maintenance workers vote 98 percent to authorize strike 1479142599 World Bulgarian PM Borisov resigns, snap parliamentary poll likely 1479142287 World Steinmeier to swap German foreign ministry for presidency 1479141245 Business American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year 1479112098 World Accused killer of lawmaker Cox said was acting 'for Britain', court hears 1479142083 Business Oil falls to three-month lows as gloom grows over OPEC 1479142575 Business Dollar soars as U.S. yields spike; U.S. bank stocks rise 1479142887 World Ukrainian MPs throw punches over accusations of Kremlin links 1479139430 World Ukraine police chief quits, as exodus of reformers continues 1479139210 World EU puts Syrian central bank governor under sanctions 1479140146 World Julian Assange questioned by prosecutors at Ecuador's embassy in London 1479139956 Tech Google takes on rivals with Pixel phone, new hardware The new Google Pixel phone is displayed next to a Daydream View headset, right, following a product event Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." Photo: AP mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:35 AM, October 5, 2016 Updated: 6:53 PM, October 5, 2016 SAN FRANCISCO — Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware Tuesday (Oct 4), launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of Google’s in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by the US giant, which also revealed details of its new “home assistant”, virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is leading a major push to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence a futuristic force spanning all kinds of Internet-linked devices. Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said the new devices were part of Google’s strategy to bring artificial intelligence to a range of new devices. “We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world,” he said, adding that the latest push is an extension of the Google search capacity by assisting consumers in finding and organising information. “Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user.” Mr Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based Internet giant, added, “We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre.” Pixel will be available with a five- or 5.5-inch display, starting at US$649 (S$889.67) for US customers, at similar prices to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders began Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the United States. MADE BY GOOGLE Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, Google’s flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware partners that have included China’s Huawei and South Korea’s LG. The California group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in 2011, but sold the unit less than three years later. “Google today demonstrated that it’s finally serious about hardware,” said Jan Dawson at Jackdaw Research. “The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as peers to the iPhone.” The new Pixel phone is “the first phone made by Google inside and out,” said Ms Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem. Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the company’s new Daydream virtual reality platform. Pixel has a “smart” camera which can select the best images from a stream, and a program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at winning over iPhone users. Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said it may be challenging for Google to gain market share. “Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone 7th generation phones,” Mr Moorhead said. “They don’t exactly swing anyone around the room.” APPLE’S WORLD Gartner analyst Brian Blau said that “the most exciting part of the announcement today was the assistant,” which showcases Google’s strength in artificial intelligence. “It’s a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have that direct relationship with their customers,” Mr Blau told AFP. “It is clearly a step into Apple’s world” of controlling hardware and software and services, he added. Pixel will be sold through US carrier Verizon and telecom groups, and available at Google’s online shop unlocked. As part of its expanded hardware push, Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset that compatible smartphones can be slipped into to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes. Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November, priced at US$79. Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that lets a set of inter-connected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals strong in all spots. “Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home,” said Google executive Mario Queiroz. The Internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant that will be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices. Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that lets people tap into the company’s online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks, control devices in homes, stream videos and more. The $129 Google Home device be available in retail shops on November 4. AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system Zuckerberg sure fake news on Facebook did not sway election Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared ‘dead’ Three top smartphone cameras in real-world tests: Which is the best? Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b Samsung runs newspaper ads on Note7 fires: ‘We are truly sorry’ Report of different Samsung phone model exploding Nab those abs with this new game Into the future of public transportation, at 11kmh How to prevent these common tech nightmares from happening to you Family-friendly YouTube Kids app launched in Singapore Inside Today World Malaysia not giving up on TPP Drop in China’s CO2 emissions helps to hold down global levels: Study Jakarta protest, tied to faith, may have deeper links to secular politics What will the Trump presidency mean for Asean? In Iraq, Syrian Kurds long to return home to fight Islamic State Business US$ surges on expectations Trump will boost spending SGX, NUS talk local feasibility of dual-class shares Singapore kicks off week-long FinTech Festival Japan economy grows faster than expected, BOJ governor warns of risks Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight Sports Lions can roar at Suzuki Cup Messi set to leave Barca in 2018 after rejecting offer Don’t delay appointment of Aitken’s replacement: De Bruin Stakes high in China-Qatar qualifier despite game being a dead rubber Asian Youth development guru sows seeds in S’pore Entertainment Unlucky Jeanette Aw Cinematic Taipei Jackie Chan ‘finally’ gets an Oscar Meet single mother Azizah, who takes care of 4 children and an elderly mum ‘Depressed’ De Niro backs anti-Trump protests About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Benchmarks from Apple’s next-gen processor just leaked and it’s scary how powerful it is Zach Epstein BGR NewsOctober 4, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are far and away the most powerful smartphones the world has seen thus far. In terms of both raw benchmark test scores on paper and real-world performance, Apple's latest mobile devices outshine every other phone on the market. In fact, they're even more powerful than Apple's latest iPad Pro tablets, which is no small feat. As powerful as they already are though, Apple is constantly working on next-generation products, looking to make them better and faster than their predecessors. Now, it looks like benchmark tests from Apple's next-gen processor have leaked, revealing huge performance gains that are somehow even more impressive than what we just saw from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. DON'T MISS: iPhone 7 vs. Galaxy S7 blind camera test: Guess which model hardcore Apple fans picked Dutch gadget blog Techtastic points us to a potentially huge leak sourced on Weibo, where an anonymous user with a solid track record has published what he claims are Geekbench benchmark test scores from Apple's A10X. The next-gen chip has not yet been revealed by Apple, but it will presumably power the company's upcoming new iPad Pro tablets expected to be released early next year. As a refresher, the iPhone 7's new A10 Fusion chipset manages impressive scores of 3490 in single-core Geekbench tests and 5580 in multi-core tests. How does the A10X compare? According to this leak, Apple's upcoming A10X scored 4236 on Geekbench's single-core test and a ridiculous 6588 on the multi-core test. Those numbers would be off the charts if Techtastic hadn't charted them (click to enlarge): screen-shot-2016-10-04-at-4-03-46-pmMore One last note: Beyond showing us how impressive Apple's next-gen A10X chip seemingly is, one can follow the curve to get a good idea of just how incredibly powerful the A11 Fusion chip that powers next year's iPhone 8 will likely be. Trending right now: Charging $870 for a boring Android phone is real courage Google’s Pixel phone is finally official: Release date, specs and pricing 10 best features of Google’s brand new Pixel phones See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Home Industry Tech Google’s new lineup of phones and gadgets: A quick glance Google’s new lineup of phones and gadgets: A quick glance Here's a quick glance of Google's new lineup of phones and gadgets By: Associated Press | San Fransisco | Published: October 5, 2016 3:01 AM Rick Osterloh, head of Google’s new hardware group, said that in doing so, Google can take full advantage of capabilities it’s designing with artificial intelligence and machine learning. (Reuters) Google is taking a page from Apple’s playbook by making a bigger push to build its own hardware. Rick Osterloh, head of Google’s new hardware group, said that in doing so, Google can take full advantage of capabilities it’s designing with artificial intelligence and machine learning. Apple has long designed both iPhone hardware and the iOS operating-system software that runs on it. Now, Google is doing the same with the upcoming Pixel phones running Google’s Android system. The Pixel is one of several gadgets Google announced Tuesday in San Francisco. NEW PHONE, NEW BRANDING, NEW MARKETING Google’s previous phones, dubbed Nexus, had limited distribution. Now, the company is casting aside the Nexus name in favor of Pixel, a brand that Osterloh said has ”always represented the best of hardware and software designed by Google.” And instead of relying primarily on online orders, as was the case with Nexus, Google will offer Pixel through Verizon as well, starting Oct. 20. Advance orders begin Tuesday starting at roughly $650 for the 5-inch version and $750 for the slightly larger 5.5-inch screen. One of the advantages Google phones have long had is their quick access to Android updates. With other phones, individual manufacturers and carriers have to approve changes, resulting in delays . Google said Verizon will still have to approve updates for Pixel, but the process will be streamlined and done ahead of time. Google promises a spectacular camera and unlimited online storage for phones at full resolution. When storage space on the phone is low, the Pixel will free up storage and rely on the online copy. Apple takes a similar approach with its iCloud Photo Library, though free storage is limited to 5 gigabytes, or a few thousand photos. IT’S IN YOUR HEAD Google’s new virtual-reality headset, Daydream View, will differ from other headsets like Samsung’s Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Pixel. Daydream is also a challenge to more sophisticated, but expensive systems from Facebook’s Oculus business, HTC and Sony – as well as to Google’s own Cardboard effort. Cardboard is cheap – available for as little as $15 – but it doesn’t offer much control over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your head. The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod, a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences. Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for $79. You’ll need a new Android phone , as existing phones won’t have the right hardware. Google also plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers to make Daydream headsets and controllers. AN ECHO OF AMAZON’S ECHO Google is promoting its new Home smart speaker as a way to access Google’s knowledge – hands free. Home will be able to perform many of the same tasks as Echo, Amazon’s internet-connected speaker. Both will use voice commands to play music, field questions and control home appliances – assuming you’ve installed ”smart” versions of them. If you’re feeling creepy about a speaker listening to your conversations, Google says you can turn the microphone off. Home will be available on Nov. 4 for about $130, with advance orders starting Tuesday. The cylinder-shaped Echo costs $180, though Amazon also sells a smaller version shaped like a hockey puck that sells for $50. WHAT ELSE? Google’s new video-streaming device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher-resolution video format called 4K. Larger, more expensive streaming devices such as the $100 Amazon Fire TV already do that. Ultra will cost $69. Meanwhile, Google wants to improve Wi-Fi in the home by creating its own router. The company said people use internet differently now, with games, video chatting and more on various devices throughout the home. The new Google Wi-Fi system will cost about $130 for the main device. A three-pack for larger homes will cost about $300. BEYOND GOOGLE Even as it pushes Pixel, Google isn’t abandoning the Android system that other manufacturers can use for free. That means Samsung, LG and others can keep making their own phones with Google software. In that sense, Google’s approach is more like Microsoft’s than Apple’s. Microsoft also has been making hardware through its line of Surface computers running Windows. That puts Microsoft – and now Google – in the awkward position of promoting both its own devices and those of rivals that run the company’s software. BEYOND HARDWARE Google predicts that artificial intelligence will play a greater role in our lives. CEO Sundar Pichai said computing is transitioning to an AI -first world, just as it moved to a mobile-first world just a few years ago. ”Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user,” Pichai said. ”We want to build a Google for each user.” Google services along those lines include Google Assistant, software that’s designed to answer questions and retrieve information, conversation-style. Google Assistant made its debut in a chat app called Allo a few weeks ago. It will also be part of Home and the new Pixel phones. The features demonstrated Tuesday seem similar to what Amazon and Apple already offer with their virtual assistants. Google officials have repeatedly emphasized that its AI technology is in the early stages – so it remains to be seen what this new era for Google will lead to. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC RADAR: First Blizzard of the Season Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Google Introduces Phone, Wi-Fi and Home Hubs to Compete With Apple and Amazon By Paul Blake Close Follow on Twitter More from Paul Oct 4, 2016, 5:23 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayGoogle WATCH Google Introduces Phone, Wi-Fi and Home Hubs to Compete With Apple and Amazon 0 Shares Email In a bid to take a bite out of Apple and send Amazon up the proverbial creek, Google today introduced new hardware that will directly compete with its rivals' signature products. With the introduction of a new phone and smart speaker, Google is taking on its Silicon Valley competitors and also playing catch-up. Google, best known for its search and Android, is taking a big step into the hardware world -- a place where until recently it had only a light footprint. During a presentation in San Francisco, Google repeatedly said that in order to be competitive it must be in both the hardware and software businesses. Having a foot in both worlds, Google officials suggested, allowed for greater innovation -- namely in artificial intelligence(AI), which Google clearly believes is the next big evolution in our digital lives. “We’re at a seminal moment for computer. If you step back and think about it, computing has had big shifts every 10 years or so,” said Google CEO Sundar Pichai, before adding, “we’re evolving from a mobile first, to an AI-first world.” "Your Own Google" The company is officially debuting Google Assistant -- its own intelligent personal assistant, which will compete with the likes of Apple’s Siri and Amazon’s Alexa. The virtual assistant will be available across multiple devices and will rely on voice recognition. It's meant to provide easy access to both personal information -- like contacts, calendar events and other data stored on your phone -- and information on the web. The Google Assistant is at the core of several devices that the company debuted today. Of those, the most notable is its new phone. Pixel Perfect? Taking a direct shot at Apple’s newly-released iPhone 7, Google introduced Pixel, a smartphone that will have its software and hardware designed in-house at Google. Pixel is hardly Google’s first foray into the smartphone market. It is, however, the first time that the company has handled the design of both the hardware and software behind a smartphone. Its previous Nexus phones were manufactured by other companies, but branded and sold by Google. The new aluminum phone, available for order today, will come in 5-inch and 5.5-inch models. There are three colors: silver, black and a limited-edition blue. Both sizes come in either 32-gigabyte or 128-gigabyte -- far lower than the 128-gigabyte and 256-gigabyte offerings in Apple’s latest iteration of the iPhone. The phone is sold exclusively through Verizon in the U.S., but will also be available for sale on Google's website unlocked, meaning it can be used with other networks. It starts at $649. Users can take advantage of the unlimited photo and video storage that Google is now offering through its cloud storage service. In comparison, Apple customers receive limited storage on Apple’s iCloud storage service and must pay for higher quantities. Google was quick to tout the camera on the new phone, which received a score of 89 from DxOMark, a camera review firm. The score puts it at the top of all smartphones that DxOMark reviewed. By comparison, the iPhone 7 received a score of 86 on the 100-point scale. Another feature that Google is promoting is the phone's battery, which the company says can provide seven hours of battery life with only a 15-minute charge. Finally, Google is offering a “quick switch adapter,” which it claims will make it easy to transfer contacts, videos, photos, music, as well as iMessages and SMS messages from an iPhone to a Pixel. Echoing Amazon’s Echo The Pixel wasn’t Google’s only big hardware announcement today. Google is taking on Amazon’s popular Echo with the introduction of its own smart speaker, the Google Home. Like the smartphone, it features Google Assistant. With Home, the Google Assistant is at the heart of all functionality. The speaker, which has a design inspired by wine glasses and candles, promises to provide users with easy access to information and entertainment while also allowing them to control other smart home devices and complete small tasks, all through voice control. More than one of the devices can be used in a home, according to Google, allowing users to stream the same song throughout the house. The company says that the speakers won’t be confused by voice activation as long as they are registered through the same account. All new Google Home devices will come with a free six-month YouTube Red subscription. The price starts at $129, and it is available now. Wi-Fi Google introduced a Wi-Fi router, which it is calling Google Wi-Fi. The most notable feature? Multiple Google Wi-Fi devices can be used together to create coverage throughout your house. One device should cover a 1,500-square foot home, Google says. The company also says the device is optimized for high-bandwidth activities like streaming movies and online gaming. It will include “Network Assist,” which Google says will make it easier to set up and manage a wireless connection. Finally, the router will allow parents to "pause” their children’s internet connection through a companion smartphone app, providing downtime from the internet without having to unplug the router. It is available in November for $129, or three routers can be bought for $299. Daydreaming about Virtual Reality Google also debuted Daydream View, a virtual reality headset and controller that will work with the Pixel and other phones to provide “high-quality, immersive VR,” the company says. The headset, which is covered in fabric rather than hard plastic, will be available in November for $79. Chromecast Goes Ultra Finally, the company debuted its newest Chromecast device -- the Chromecast Ultra. Available in November for $69, it will allow streaming of 4K Ultra HD and High Dynamic Range video to a television while providing faster speeds as users navigate around the interface. It also features a wired ethernet connection for environments where Wi-Fi connectivity may be limited. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Google Introduces Smartphone to Compete With Apple, Amazon Dying UK Girl Convinces Judge to Let Her Body Be Frozen China Astronauts Return From Monthlong Space Station Stay Current Energy System Could Eat up Entire Carbon Budget In Graveyard of Dead Coral in Pacific, Hope and Life Bloom Google Disappointed by South Korean Refusal on Mapping Data Google Hits Pixel Resellers With 'Digital Death Sentence' Facebook Boosts Efforts to 'Do Good' With New Tools " Rocket Carrying Crew of 3 Blasts off for Int'l Space Station US Solar Panel Maker to Cut 1,600 Jobs, 450 at Plant in Ohio " Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position " Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know " Trump Names Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo His Pick for CIA Director " Trump Taps Flynn for National Security Adviser " How Nepotism Law Might Affect Trump's White House Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs, Cutting Costs After Scandal " Dems Move to Leverage Sanders' Popularity as Party Regroups " Cities Across US Push Back Against Trump's Proposed Immigration Policies " Obama Reassures Europe on Trump: NATO Is Here to Stay " Mitt Romney to Meet With President-Elect Donald Trump, Under Consideration for Secretary of State " Rumors of Conflict, Infighting Hover Over the Trump Transition " Trump Holds Meetings With Haley, Kissinger and Sessions " Golf Legend Gave the Australian Prime Minister Trump's Number " Clinton Says 'Never, Ever Give Up' During 1st Speech Since Loss " Sanders: 'Maybe I Would Have Been Elected President' " New York City Mayor Takes Long List of 'Concerns' to Trump Meeting " What Could Happen to DACA Recipients Under Trump " Biden and Pence Meet for Lunch at Naval Observatory " How the World's Strongman Leaders See a Trump Presidency " Why Trump's Appointment of Steve Bannon Has Raised Alarms " Over 400 Reports of Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 IT professionals have mixed feelings about Apple, survey finds Julie Bort Oct. 4, 2016, 5:17 PM 2,451 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla Apple is increasingly pushing itself into the lucrative world of enterprise IT budgets as a way to expand sales of its iPhones, iPads, and Macs. But enterprise IT folks have mixed feelings about the company, according to a survey of 900 of them from Spiceworks, a social networking site for IT professionals. For instance, IT professionals are watching and talking about Apple a lot. It ranked second only to Dell in terms of hardware brands discussed by IT pros on Spiceworks this year.  And that's saying something given that Dell sells everything from PC and servers to storage and networking equipment, and it just completed a massive acquisition of EMC. Spiceworks But Apple is not considered a particularly "innovative" brand to watch in 2017. Only 16% surveyed believed that it was. More people thought that Microsoft was innovative. Amazon scored far higher too, and Google outscored them all. Spiceworks One reason that Apple's reputation for innovation has fallen behind among IT folks is this: It's not considered much of a player in the upcoming tech trends that IT pros are watching and talking about. Spiceworks IT pros are heavily watching 3D printers and the Internet of Things, two areas where Apple isn't involved. They are also watching Artificial Intelligence. Apple claims it has game here with features like identifying a caller from your email, telling you where you parked your car, or surfacing a hotel address from a reservation stored in email. But again, Apple is not as a tech company moving the AI ball the way Google and Microsoft are doing with both their products and their cloud services. Apple isn't much involved in the hot area of virtual reality, beyond some so-called secret projects, either. With Siri, Apple is a major player in Intelligent Assistants. However, that's the least interesting of all the upcoming tech to IT pros. SEE ALSO: How Oracle turned a program that salespeople hated into one of its secret weapons NOW WATCH: Watch Google repeatedly mock Apple at its October 2016 event Loading video... More: Apple Apple in the enterprise facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru IT professionals have mixed feelings about Apple, survey finds IT professionals have mixed feelings about Apple, survey finds Apple is increasingly pushing itself into... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Google takes on Apple with new Pixel phone AAP on October 5, 2016, 3:02 pm A new "Pixel" smartphone and a virtual reality headset have been announced by Alphabet Inc's Google. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Google takes on Apple with new Pixel phone - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Alphabet Inc's Google has announced a new "Pixel" smartphone and a virtual reality headset, the company's latest effort to sell consumers on Google-branded devices and to challenge Apple Inc's iPhone at the high end of the more than $US400 billion ($A525 billion) global market. The new phone starts at a price of $649 ($A852), and Google is working exclusively with Verizon Communications in the United States, Google executives said at a launch event in San Francisco on Tuesday. The string of announcements, including a new Wifi router and its voice activated digital assistant for the living room, "Home," is the clearest sign yet that Google intends to compete directly with Apple, Amazon.com and even its own Android mobile operating system customers to create a system of devices and hardware that meet every digital need. The Pixel also represents a more hands-on policy by Google. Google lets Android device makers modify software almost without limit, which has helped make Android the most-used mobile operating system in the world. But company executives boasted that the Pixel was developed in-house from start to finish. Shares of Alphabet were up a tick in early afternoon New York trade. Shares of Verizon were down about 1.4 per cent. Google's decision to launch with a single carrier echoes Apple's agreement to launch the original iPhone with AT&T, a deal that gave Apple unprecedented control over the look of the phone and how it worked. Google has for years toyed with various approaches to building its own hardware without alienating manufacturers such as Samsung Electronics, the world's top smartphone maker. Google has sold another line of phones, called Nexus, since 2010, but the devices have gained little traction. Google also announced a "Daydream View" virtual reality headset, which will be available in November for $US79, in time for the end-of-year shopping season. Home will be available for $US129, including a six-month trial of ad-free YouTube. Pixel phones will come in black, blue and silver and will have 12.7 cm and 14 cm screens. It will have what Google called the best-rated camera on the market and will be able to get a 7-hour charge in 15 minutes. Pre-orders begin on Tuesday. Because its mobile software is available so widely, Google has struggled to distinguish its own devices, said analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. Google "wants to have this end-to-end experience, but it's not clear that people really want that," Dawson said. The Home device represents an important move in an intensifying battle between Google and other major tech players to establish the dominant "digital assistant." Google Assistant, Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri are vying for supremacy as more people search the web and make purchases online through voice commands, which may eventually supplant keyboards and touchscreens as the primary means of controlling some digital devices. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Google takes on Apple with new Pixel phone - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News CCTV captures man carrying liquid container moments before Melbourne bank blast Brisbane mother delivers her baby in front seat of car A Brisbane mother has given birth in the passenger seat of her family car after her little boy couldn’t wait to enter the world. Man dressed as hammerhead shark throws net over Premier Mike Baird in protest A man has thrown a net on Premier Mike Baird at a press conference announcing five new shark nets off the NSW far north coast. 'I’m allowed to put on weight now': Former female jockey hits back at fat-shamers A female jockey forced to retire after a shocking race fall has hit out at her ‘fat-shaming’ critics, saying she doesn’t “need to be skinny anymore”. Woman bursts into tears after admitting 'repulsive' sex acts with her dog A woman who pleaded guilty to bestiality, stabbing a woman with a fork and biting a child will be sentenced on Monday. Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters A Sydney journalist has been left bruised and bloodied after being attacked by a supporter of Tarek Assaad, whose gangland brother was shot dead last month. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Police catch giant python after it ate villager's ducks Man combines love of tea and bungy jumping to break world record 'In Russia, the bus catches you': Texting jaywalker smashed by bus Crowd cheers as Sydney schoolboys beat each other in savage brawl Warne, Slater, KP in hot water over in-car Facebook video WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! Monkey adopted by herd of goats in China OUR PICKS Meakin sentenced to 18 years jail for hit-run murder Journalist left bloodied outside court by Assaad supporters WA mum punched, robbed at petrol station English tourist dies after diving off Port Douglas MOST VIEWED Polar bear captured giving dog a pat in Canada Police officer punches woman in face during arrest UFC star's stunning mid-fight McGregor sledge 'No idea about the game': Angry Djokovic blasts officials Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Friend on Facebook Follow on Twitter Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Headlines Crime Vehicle Accidents & Natural Disasters Food & Nutrition Paleo Princess Kristin Blasiak Finance Money Health & Wellness GREEN News Obituaries Archives Community Announcements Community Calender Legal Notices Cornwall Akwesasne Canada Brockville ON Alexandria ON Kingston Counties of SD&G Ingleside ON Ottawa Morrisburg ON Politics Cornwall Area Politics 11th Councilor Ontario Provincial Politics FEDERAL Politics Eastern Ontario Politics Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor POLLS Entertainment Sports Hollywood Movie Reviews Television Music Arts Regional Arts & Culture Book Reviews Fiction Photo of the Day Dirty Town Under a Crooked Bridge Dining Out Dining in Cornwall Ontario Wines & Living Tourism Restaurant Menus Resto Reviews Special Offers Shopping & Money Shopping in Cornwall Small Business Mission Statement & Contact Us Weather Alerts & Announcements Why I’ll Never Buy Another Apple Product Again by Jamie Gilcig OCT 4, 2016 By admin on October 4, 20163 Comments Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post When I first turned on my iMac I was frankly, excited.   It was sleek, beautiful and handled lovely.   It was my first Mac, and I’ve been using computers since the….. 80’s!   As a writer I loved the keyboard, a lot. I’d had an iPhone, and loved the iPad which I even use occasionally; especially when travelling. While my workhorse Acer was a few years older it had better specs with an  I7 Quad core and 8 gb of ram.   When I’d had a fan issue at one point Acer customer support was amazing.  Freakishly amazing and my machine was running with a new repair pronto. My iMac was a single core I5 yet cost nearly three times the cost and I didn’t care!   I was drinking the Kool Aid. While it never replaced my workhorse, and when you publish an online newspaper that serves up over 1 million human page views per month, it definitely is a work horse machine, my iMac became my go to machine on the side. If I was waiting for something to load or process I’d have the iMac on.  It was great for radio and TV while I was working, and worked great for having video chats with friends all over the world. Then it updated and died.   The White Screen of Death.  I spoke with friends, googled, and no luck.   I’d never had a computer die on me and I’ve been using them for over 30 years.  I still have many of my old machines and all turn on when booted up. I phoned Apple support and spoke with a supervisor who was extremely empathetic and supportive.   She directed me to an Apple store.  The closest one was about 75 miles away which is of course not Apple’s fault. Walking into the Apple store for the first time was an experience.    Everyone seemed happy, even the customers.   There was something about the lighting that seemed to de stress the situation, and oddly enough felt a bit like a scene out of the movie “Her”. I was bumped along and eventually a smart looking techie turned on my machine.   A simple thing he said.  When it updated it changed permissions.   My computer booted up and worked in the store.   Nothing was actually wrong with the machine.  It just didn’t seem to like my office any longer? When I brought my beast home and turned it on, lo and behold, the White Screen of Death again! Being busy I didn’t have a time slot to make a return trip until yesterday.  Back to the Fairview shopping centre on the West Island in Montreal. It seemed all the same staff were there.    This time there, a young man hooked my machine up and again it turned on and loaded properly.   Clearly my iMac liked being in an Apple store, but for nearly $2000.00 I kinda wanted it to work at home too. He must have had the magic touch or my machine was cursed.   I explained everything to him and while running another diagnostic he decided to go on break explaining another of his associates would take over.  By now I’d been there nearly forty five minutes. When I flagged his replacement over he didn’t really know what was going on and was serving myself and another customer.      When he decided to paddle off I unplugged my machine and headed home. I walked slowly out of the store carrying my machine, but no friendly staff stopped me like when I entered the store. Everyone was nice.  There were no altercations, raised voices, or confrontational phrases uttered.   Other than not actually resolving the issue it was a pleasant experience. Just a frustrated customer and some over friendly Apple staff, who while near attentive, clearly did not resolve the issue, because when I returned home and turned on the beast, I again had, the White Screen of Death. It does make a lovely paper weight.  It still looks sexy, it just doesn’t function, except as a nightlight. Frankly Apple seems to have figured out that if you’re as nice as possible, people won’t get angry, even if they end up with a $2K paperweight. Would I ever purchase another Apple product?  Watch?  iPad, iPod, iMac, or mac n cheese?   Don’t think so. As a consumer I feel ripped off.   I was willing to pay a premium for what I thought was a premium product. Walking into the Apple store I was at first optimistic that I’d go home with a working machine. But who wants to chase their tail?   While many other companies have horrible support it generally ends up with a resolution of some sort. As a small business, purchasing a computer is a pretty big investment.    I really do expect the machine to last more than a few years. For this situation do I really need more time wasted on nice and pleasant chats about my new paperweight and nightlight? Sorry Apple, but I’m not the only person who’s experienced the White Screen of Death.  I know how important it is for you as a company to have as many billions of possible socked away, but you will get no more of my money, which in the end is really bad marketing. We expect our devices to last a good long time, or at least a reasonable amount of time. I know I do. We don’t expect an issue because of a software update from the actual manufacturer. I know I don’t, and I bet you don’t too.       acer, apple, apple store, customer support, fairview shopping centre, gilcig, iMac, white screen of death Why I’ll Never Buy Another Apple Product Again by Jamie Gilcig OCT 4, 2016 added by admin on October 4, 2016 View all posts by admin → Related Post Happy Night Before Discounted Halloween Candy Day … Habs Deja Vu! Canadiens Riding High Early in Sea… Freeholder Editor Hugo Rodrigues Missing Boat on H… Why Does Freeholder Editor Hugo Rodrigues Hack at … Kevin O’Leary Con Leadership Run Opens Langu… Bad Asset Management Leads to Habs Fall From Grace… Trudeau Makes Holocaust Statement Without Mentioni… New Year’s Resolutions for 2016 by Jamie Gil… Are you Politicked Out Yet & Does Anyone Real… Who are the Habs Missing Most? Gallagher, Price, … Comment policy reminder CFN has a new comment policy. You must use your real first and last name. As well if your email bounces we will terminate your posting privileges. We value all input from our amazing CFN viewers and are always trying to improve the viewer experience which includes making this a safe, informative, and entertaining platform. If you have any questions please email info@cornwallfreenews.com Leave a Reply 3 Comments on "Why I’ll Never Buy Another Apple Product Again by Jamie Gilcig OCT 4, 2016" Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments 400 400 Guest Hugger1 Share On TwitterShare On Google Well it was an Apple product. There is a reason why Apple users are called Apple slaves. Vote Up -2Vote Down  1 month 13 days ago Guest Marc Houde Share On TwitterShare On Google Is there a chance that when you get it home, you connect something external to it, ie: printer, camera, scanner, etc. prior to turn it on? It’s perhaps an external piece of hardware that doesn’t like the recent updates. Vote Up 3Vote Down  1 month 12 days ago Guest jules Share On TwitterShare On Google We have regular PC’s in our household but I did work on a few Mac’s in the federal government and that was a mighty long time ago. Jamie make sure that any hardware and software that you have corresponds with your Mac. I have found out over time that Mac is unique only to Mac products whereas PC go with different brands. Find out before returning anything and go to a computer store for info. Vote Up -5Vote Down  1 month 12 days ago Polls Should Char-Lan & Other Area Schools Be Saved? 100% Absolutely! No. View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Click to EAT! The Weather Network Polls Does Cornwall Need to Clean House of Sr Mgt Like Brampton Did? Yes - clearly many have been corrupt and ineffective. No - and we want taxes to keep going up too! And more bike paths on major arteries! View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Recent Comments jules on View From the Hill by Keith Beardsley – Leadership Races JUNE 8, 2016 Brenda on Captain George’s Fish n Chips Review in Cornwall Ontario by Jamie Gilcig NOV 2, 2015 jules on FRANK Breaks Former T Shirt Hating Cornwall Mayor Bob Kilger Now a LOBBYIST Hugger1 on FRANK Breaks Former T Shirt Hating Cornwall Mayor Bob Kilger Now a LOBBYIST jules on FRANK Breaks Former T Shirt Hating Cornwall Mayor Bob Kilger Now a LOBBYIST jules on FRANK Breaks Former T Shirt Hating Cornwall Mayor Bob Kilger Now a LOBBYIST Hugger1 on FRANK Breaks Former T Shirt Hating Cornwall Mayor Bob Kilger Now a LOBBYIST Tags 2014 election akwesasne beardsley bob kilger brock frost brockville ccps cfn city council collision cornwall cornwall ontario corruption cps crime dawn ford gilcig habs harper headlines kilger kingston kps letter to the editor liberal lnah macdonald marijuana montreal nhl opp ops ottawa police blotter river kings SD&G seniors sexual assault siu south stormont teaser toronto tps trudeau wynne Restaurant Menus Resto Reviews Special Offers Shopping & Money Shopping in Cornwall Small Business Mission Statement & Contact Us Weather Alerts & Announcements All Rights Reserved 2009-2016 Log in -
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story You’ve got a camera right in your pocket, take advantage with this smartphone photography guide Back To News Next Story WhiteWall Photo Book Review: High-quality results provide excellent showcase of your photos Google announces Pixel smartphone, offers the “best smartphone camera” says DxOMark dxomark google google pixel google pixel xl news pixel pixel xl smartphone smartphone camera smartphone photography by Jeremy Gray posted Tuesday, October 4, 2016 at 3:10 PM EST     Google's Fall 2016 hardware event is finished and it saw the tech giant unveil its new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones. DxO Labs' DxOMark site claims the Pixel to feature the "best smartphone camera ever." This is certainly big news if true; let's take a look at the specifics. The Pixel's 12.3-megapixel camera has a 1.55-micron pixel size, which is quite large for a smartphone camera, and it scored an 89 from DxOMark. DxO Labs says the Pixel's image quality is "impressive across the board", and that it captures images with "relatively low levels of noise for every tested lighting condition." Unlike the iPhone 7 or Samsung's Galaxy S7, the Pixel comes equipped with an f/2.0 lens rather than the f/1.8 and f/1.7 lenses found in Apple and Samsung's offerings, respectively. Nonetheless, DxO Mark found it to be a very capable low light camera. It's worth noting that Apple's latest iPhone 7 scored an 86 from DxOMark, while the iPhone 7 Plus is still being reviewed currently. There are new camera features which should please more than just the pixel peepers, too. According to Engadget, the Pixel has the shortest shutter lag of any cameraphone ever tested by Google. That short capture time has allowed Google to keep the Pixel's high dynamic range (HDR) shooting mode enabled at all times. While Google's HDR+ was in last year's Nexus 6P phone among others, the Pixel is able to combine multiple RAW images in near-real time. DxOMark states that while Google isn't the first to include HDR functionality in a smartphone camera, it has managed to do it the best so far in terms of both quality and speed. To power all of this photo processing, the phone comes with 4 gigabytes of RAM and has a Snapdragon 821 CPU. While not extensively discussed during today's event, Google has a handy way for you to store all of your excellent smartphone photos captured with the Pixel. Provided that you have a Google account, you'll have unlimited storage for backing up all of your photos and videos. Speaking of video, DxOMark found the Pixel to be excellent at that too. It can record 4K video at up to 30 frames per second and 1080p video at up to 120fps.     You aren't likely going to buy a smartphone just for its camera, so what else do the Pixel and Pixel XL offer? The former has a 5-inch AMOLED display with 1920 x 1080 resolution whereas the latter has a 5.5-inch AMOLED display with 2560 x 1440 resolution. Both Pixel phones come with Google Assistant, making them the first phones to hit the market equipped with Google's updated artificial intelligence companion. (Think Google Now, Siri or Cortana.). Also, in a move sure to leave iPhone fans even more ticked off at the Cupertino company, Google's new handsets include headphone jacks. Of course, Apple would doubtless note that its phones are water resistant, a feature both of Google's Pixel phones lack. (But then, we've seen plenty of water-resistant or even waterproof phones with uncapped 3.5mm jacks before now.) And for those looking to hop on board the virtual reality train, the Pixel can power Google's new Daydream View VR headset, which you can learn more about here.     These new phones are available for preorder now. The Pixel starts at around $650 and the XL adds an additional $120 to the cost. The phones come in silver, black and blue color options and the base model includes 32 GB of storage (for an additional $100, you can bump up the space to 128 GB). Verizon will be the exclusive carrier partner for the pair of Pixel phones in the United States, at least for the time being, although you can purchase it unlocked directly from Google for use on other carriers. (Seen via The Verge, Engadget and Gizmodo)  Tweet Comment Previous Story You’ve got a camera right in your pocket, take advantage with this smartphone photography guide Back To News Next Story WhiteWall Photo Book Review: High-quality results provide excellent showcase of your photos Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2016. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apples and sumo wrestling at Mary Baldwin Students celebrate annual Apple Day at MBU Post to Facebook Apples and sumo wrestling at Mary Baldwin Students celebrate annual Apple Day at MBU  Check out this story on newsleader.com: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/2016/10/04/apples-and-sumo-wrestling-mary-baldwin/91566518/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Apples and sumo wrestling at Mary Baldwin Mike Tripp , mtripp@newsleader.com 5:23 p.m. EDT October 4, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Sophomores Elisa Bakker and Kyle Carter of Mary Baldwin University square off in a wrestling match wearing padded sumo wrestling suits during the school’s annual Apple Day carnival on Sept. 4, 2016. Mike Tripp/The News Leader Buy Photo Freshman Destiny Howard looks around as fellow freshman, Kendra Werst, has her helmet secured into place. They students prepare to square off in a match wearing foam padded sumo wrestling suits as they attend the Apple Day carnival at Mary Baldwin University on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016. (Photo: Mike Tripp/The News Leader)Buy Photo 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE STAUNTON — Apple Day is part of the school’s tradition and dates back over 60 years. Its origins date back to the 1940s when students walked to an orchard owned by the school a picked apples they gave to area charities. It has since evolved into an all day event with classes canceled, a carnival held and a plethora of apple dishes served. The day also marks one where students give back, becoming involved in a variety of community service activities. And even though the orchard has since been sold, yes … they even still pick apples. THE NEWS LEADER Two Staunton men help create podcast connections Buy Photo Freshmen Destiny Howard and Kendra Werst square off in a match against one another, wearing foam padded sumo wrestling suits. They attend the Apple Day carnival at Mary Baldwin University on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016.  (Photo: Mike Tripp/The News Leader) Buy Photo Freshman Nicole Jones wields a sledgehammer as she takes another swing at a car as one of the activities during the Apple Day carnival at Mary Baldwin University on Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016.  (Photo: Mike Tripp/The News Leader) 5 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.newsleader.com/story/news/2016/10/04/apples-and-sumo-wrestling-mary-baldwin/91566518/ TOP VIDEOS Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Worn flags retired and burned 2:18 Dad builds phenomenal costumes for his son 0:49 Fort Defiance at Waynesboro game recap 1:13 Christie's ex-aide invokes Fifth as office subpoenaed 1:06 Museum keeps school's legacy alive 1:24 Iconic 'National Geographic' 'Afghan Girl' arrested 0:41 Toxic metals found in kids' Halloween makeup 1:11 Vatican says keep your loved one's ashes off the mantel 0:24 More Stories Path to losing, keeping off pounds Nov. 16, 2016, 2:40 p.m. Alone on Thanksgiving? Here are places to go Nov. 18, 2016, 6:23 a.m. News Leader Football Picks — Week 13 Nov. 17, 2016, 12:13 p.m. YMCA Turkey Trot is back Nov. 18, 2016, 12:06 a.m.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 47-57 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition IT Show Cameras Gadgets Games Tech Reviews newstream World U.N. set to extend inquiry into Syria toxic gas attacks: diplomats 1479401571 World Ukraine blames Russian security service for prank call to president 1479402352 World Czechs mark 1989 Velvet Revolution anniversary with protests 1479402413 World Obama, Merkel underscore importance of free trade talks 1479402049 Business No U.S. car market disruption in short term under Trump: Daimler CEO 1479402990 Business Top British American Tobacco investor Woodford says backs Reynolds deal 1479402144 Business McDonald's to debut mobile ordering in U.S. in 2017 1479402282 Business Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal 1479401592 Business Two men charged with kickback scheme at Valeant 1479401643 Business Ahold-Delhaize's U.S. stores pressured by Wal-Mart price fight 1479401695 World Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from 'useless' ICC 1479401686 World Japan's Abe set to meet Trump in hastily arranged New York meeting 1479402212 Business Oil rises on optimism over OPEC deal; stronger dollar caps gains 1479402385 Business Global stocks climb after Yellen comments; dollar near flat 1479402902 World U.N. expert questions legality of 'brutal' mass evictions in Nigeria 1479401065 World East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district 1479400471 World EU chair Slovakia presses eastern states' migration agenda, stirs anger 1479399632 Business JPMorgan to pay $264 million to resolve hiring allegations: SEC 1479400023 Business Japan's Universal Entertainment loses defamation appeal against Reuters 1479399994 Business PSA, Renault, VW lead European car sales decline 1479366203 World Ecuador says Sweden should promise Assange will not be extradited 1479399843 Business Singdollar rises to 3.1057 ringgit 1479361860 World Strikes on rebel-held east Aleppo kill 25: monitor 1479398855 World About 100 migrants feared dead in Mediterranean: aid group 1479398670 World Philippine delegate: waiting for instructions after Duterte's threat to quit ICC 1479398780 World Russia hopes for Trump new approach to Syria crisis: agencies 1479398613 World Serbian military to check arms depot security after guns disappear 1479399271 World U.N. watchdog says Iran is endangering support for nuclear deal 1479397675 World Greeks march to mark 1973 student revolt, protest against austerity 1479396317 World EU states agree visa-free travel for Ukraine, but not yet 1479398568 Business AOL to cut 500 jobs, mostly in corporate units: source 1479398333 Business Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' 1479399069 Business Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales 1479398555 Singapore The low-down on rising medical costs 1479398173 World Train to Peru's Machu Picchu suspends service due to threat of protest 1479397496 Business McDonald's investor renews push for antibiotic reduction in all meat 1479397242 Singapore NKF on solid ground, but needs more donors in a hurry: Analysts 1479397878 Business Ford cuts 2017 profit forecast for credit arm 1479397167 World Iraqi forces yet to seal off Mosul as battle enters second month 1479391011 World Bersih protest to go ahead as court quashes injunction to stop rally 1479397277 World Britain ratifies Paris climate agreement 1479394162 World UK has kind of Brexit negotiating structure but won't be easy: Scots minister 1479394054 World South Sudan army and rebels clash, at least 15 dead 1479395058 Business Trade is important, binds world together: Fed's Dudley 1479393627 Business Wall St. opens flat ahead of Yellen's testimony 1479393239 World Congo opposition figure Badibanga named PM of unity government 1479395232 Business U.S. inflation, labor market data bolster Fed December rate hike 1479393507 Business Best Buy same-store sales beat estimates, shares hit 3-year high 1479395445 World Testing times as South Korean students sit for college exam 1479359700 Business Dollar dips from 13-1/2 year peak before Yellen testimony 1479395297 Tech Apple still a star without Steve Jobs, but doubts linger Apple CEO Tim Cook discussing the iPhone 7 during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California. He has won praise for his performance keeping Apple on a steady path. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 4:00 AM, October 5, 2016 WASHINGTON — Five years after the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, the Silicon Valley tech giant is bigger and stronger, despite lingering doubts over its future without the visionary leader. In financial terms, Apple has been an unstoppable juggernaut: Its profit for the 2015 fiscal year was a whopping US$53 billion (S$72.6 billion) on revenues of US$234 billion — both figures doubled since the final year of Jobs’ reign before he died of pancreatic cancer on Oct 5, 2011. Apple’s market value is more than US$600 billion, below its 2015 highs but more than twice its level of 2011 and holding above Google parent Alphabet as the world’s most valuable corporation. Still, some analysts question whether Apple — which redefined the smartphone experience with its trend-setting iPhone introduced in 2007 and created a vast ecosystem of mobile applications — is losing momentum. “It’s really hard to keep up the innovation cycle when you have developed a successful product,” said technology analyst Jack Gold of J Gold Associates. “With each successful generation (of a product) it becomes harder. The question becomes: ‘What’s the next big thing?’ and it’s not clear what that is going to be.” Mr Vivek Wadhwa, a Carnegie Mellon University professor and former Silicon Valley entrepreneur, was more blunt, saying Apple is living off its earlier innovations with little new to offer. “We have seen no major innovations for Apple” since the Steve Jobs era, Mr Wadhwa told AFP. With the latest iPhone 7, Mr Wadhwa said, “they market it well but it’s the same device all over again”. Apple has moved into new services such as streaming music and mobile payments, and is believed to be working on virtual reality and autonomous driving technology. But the bulk of its revenue and profits still come from the iPhone. “They haven’t figured out what they want to deliver,” Mr Wadhwa said. “If they wanted an Apple car it should have been out there now to compete with Tesla.” Jobs’ successor Tim Cook has won plaudits for his performance keeping Apple on a steady path, even though no one sees him as the same kind of leader. “Tim Cook is an operations guy, he is great in getting the supply chain to churn out things,” said Mr Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. “He knows his limitations. He knows he is not the most charismatic presenter. He knows he is not Steve Jobs.” Still, Mr Dawson sees Mr Cook as broadly successful in keeping Apple on track. He noted that Apple has doubled its spending on research and development since Mr Cook took over. “They stick to a certain price point and a premium experience, and that hasn’t changed from Steve Jobs to Tim Cook,” Mr Dawson said. Apple has succeeded not by being first in a market segment but by improving and perfecting certain products. “They weren’t the first to make an MP3 player or smartphone or tablet,” Mr Dawson said. “Apple bides its time and when it can make a significant contribution to a category it comes in and improves the experience. That was true in the Steve Jobs era as well.” Mr Dawson said it is not clear if Apple would be in a different place if Jobs were alive today, with the smartphone market largely saturated and competition from rivals. “People look at the iPhone and say nothing else has lived up to that, but there aren’t any other technology categories like that,” he said. Mr Wadhwa argued, however, that Mr Cook has had chances to “reinvent” the company and has failed to do so. “He’s basically an operations guy who is living in the past,” Mr Wadhwa said. Mr Wadhwa posited that Apple, with its vast cash reserves, could buy Tesla and put its highly regarded chief Elon Musk in charge of the company. “You need a crazy visionary leading the company,” he said. “People have shown a lot of patience because we all love Apple. And I love Apple. So it’s not too late to save the company.” AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system Zuckerberg sure fake news on Facebook did not sway election Zuckerberg among Facebook users mistakenly declared ‘dead’ Three top smartphone cameras in real-world tests: Which is the best? Snapchat files for one of biggest tech IPOs in years Samsung to buy US auto tech firm Harman for S$11b Pie in the sky: New Zealand makes pizza drone delivery Nintendo to release first iPhone Super Mario game on Dec 15 Nab those abs with this new game Into the future of public transportation, at 11kmh How to prevent these common tech nightmares from happening to you Inside Today World Czechs mark 1989 Velvet Revolution anniversary with protests Ukraine blames Russian security service for prank call to president Japan's Abe set to meet Trump in hastily arranged New York meeting Obama, Merkel underscore importance of free trade talks Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from 'useless' ICC Business No U.S. car market disruption in short term under Trump: Daimler CEO Global stocks climb after Yellen comments; dollar near flat Oil rises on optimism over OPEC deal; stronger dollar caps gains McDonald's to debut mobile ordering in U.S. in 2017 Top British American Tobacco investor Woodford says backs Reynolds deal Sports Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Rooney sorry for ‘inappropriate’ hotel pictures Barcelona land Rakuten as main sponsor in S$84m deal Injured Indonesia star Irfan Bachdim out of Suzuki Cup SportCares teen blossoms from timid footballer to assured leader Entertainment Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset Dwayne Johnson named People’s magazine’s ‘sexiest man alive’ About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search ‘New Mac’ scented candle is a strange way to showcase your Apple love Brittany A. Roston - Oct 4, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Love candles and Apple products? If so, there’s a new product that may be to your liking: the ‘New Mac’ scented candle, which probably doesn’t actually smell anything like a new Macbook. The candle is made entirely from soy wax by Twelve South, and will burn for between 45 and 55 hours, each of those hours hoping to capitalize on the boundless love an Apple fan has for their favorite tech company. Will anyone actually be interested in such a candle? Yes, it seems, as the stock is already sold out. Disclaimer: I haven’t actually smelled this candle, so I can’t say whether it lives up to its name. However, I have smelled a new Mac (in a roundabout way), and it wasn’t scented anything like the candle’s description: basil, sage, mandarin, peach, mint, and lavender. All things considered, though, that’s probably a better scent than the overpowering smell of a new computer. If you’ve already ordered the candle, you may not get it as early as you’d hoped; the candle shipments will be delayed due to the company’s warehouse being closed, which is itself due to Hurricane Matthew. Twelve South advises that “customers will experience shipping delays,” and that it hopes to have any orders placed today shipping by next Monday, October 10. If you haven’t ordered, though, that’s not a terrible concern since the company has already sold out of the ‘New Mac’ candles, and you’ll have to wait for a replenished inventory to be announced later this year. When that inventory is restocked, you’ll be able to grab the candle for $24 USD with free shipping inside the United States. Story Timeline iPhone 7's most interesting case isn't made by Apple Apple Maps adds full Amtrak route data for nationwide train rides Apple Pay lands in Russia with partners MasterCard and Sberbank Tags Applehomemiscellaneous Must Read Bits & Bytes Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Latest Headlines Ballu is part blimp and part robot Nov 18, 2016 Amazon Prime Video ready for global rollout soon Nov 18, 2016 SpaceX wants to launch 4,425 satellites for global internet connectivity Nov 18, 2016 Smaller Xiaomi Mi Mix packing 5.5-inch screen could be called Nano tips leak Nov 18, 2016 Scientists say asteroid strike that killed dinosaurs made a crater higher than Mt. Everest Nov 18, 2016 Latest Reviews GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
SIGN IN REGISTER Friday, November 18 2016 | Home Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it debuts on the JSE Companies / Retail & Consumer 45 minutes ago Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Most Read 1. Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after ... Companies / Transport & Tourism 2. Century-old DCD in business rescue Companies / Energy 3. Bob Diamond: The misadventures of a banker in ... Companies / Financial Services Unilateral changes in mining charter worry the industry Business 2 hours ago Most Read 1. Getting shovels into the cash pile Business 2. Civil debt judgments continue to decline Business 3. Radebe calls for united front ahead of ratings ... Business Dodging downgrade bullet only a stay of execution, warn economists Economy 8 hours ago Most Read 1. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 2. Ratings agencies start talks on SA Economy 3. South African motor industry’s total sales ... Economy Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Life / Books 1 hour ago Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Most Read 1. Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 2. Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at ... Life / Arts & Entertainment 3. Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top ... Life / Arts & Entertainment Rand recovers somewhat on marginal dollar weakness Markets 54 seconds ago Most Read 1. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes ... Markets 2. Rand steady as Yellen gives first comments since ... Markets 3. Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar Markets Constitutional watchdog asks to join DA court challenge over ICC National 25 minutes ago National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Most Read 1. Zuma joins outcry over man allegedly assaulted ... National 2. WATCH: Zuma’s dangerous power plays National 3. Health of economy comes before judges’ pay rises, ... National EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? Opinion 4 hours ago Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Most Read 1. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists 2. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 3. In spite of Zuma, SA’s crucial cogs turn Opinion / Columnists ANC probes unpopular Western Cape councillor’s refusal to resign Politics 55 minutes ago Most Read 1. Political firestorm is raging in SA's criminal ... Politics 2. POLITICS LIVE: Struggle rebels launch 'People’s ... Politics 3. ANC seeks to placate irate party veterans Politics Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 7 hours ago Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Most Read 1. Arsene Wenger has shot at sinking rival Mourinho Sport / Soccer 2. Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 3. Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby Safe landing for Chinese space capsule with two astronauts on board World / Asia 2 hours ago World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Most Read 1. Activists abducted, beaten ahead of planned ... World / Africa 2. Mozambique declares three days of mourning as it ... World / Africa 3. Sniffer rats may soon be used to detect smuggled ... World / Africa Sign In Register Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Business Economy Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Markets National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Politics Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East BL Premium SIGN IN REGISTER Health of economy comes before judges’ pay rises, says the chief justice 2 hours ago No pay rises are proposed for cabinet, ministers, MPs, traditional leaders and judges in 2016-17 by the commission on remuneration for public office bearers Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes for 2017 It's not even Thanksgiving yet, but Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is already preparing for 2017. In a note to clients on Thursday, a team led by Chief Credit ... Markets 6 hours ago Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar The greenback extends gains across the board against emerging-market currencies as investors hone in on bullish comments from Janet Yellen on interest rates Markets 5 hours ago WATCH: Zuma’s dangerous power plays The Editing Allowed panel of editors ask if President Jacob Zuma’s power plays are making him more dangerous for the economy National 1 hour ago State Security Minister Mahlobo under fire for ‘dangerous creep’ State Security Minister David Mahlobo has presided over a "dangerous creep" of state security into politics and public life National 4 hours ago Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it debuts on the JSE As family controlled medicines retailer Dis-Chem made its R20bn JSE debut, founder CEO Ivan Saltzman spelled out its expansion plans Companies / Retail & Consumer 45 minutes ago Murray & Roberts’s shares jump after Gautrain agreement Construction group says the Gauteng provincial government has agreed to pay nearly R1.3bn in disputed Gautrain bills Companies / Industrials 5 hours ago SA’s diplomats living it up abroad The Treasury unit’s warning on pampered envoys’ multibillion-rand bill is unlikely to slow spending, says analyst National 10 hours ago How Wal-Mart is using blockchain to make food safer With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to get crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who ... Companies 2 hours ago Mozambique declares three days of mourning as it probes deadly tanker blast Authorities think residents may have been taking petrol after the vehicle had crashed, or had been abandoned by drivers fearing it would explode World / Africa 2 hours ago EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? As the Guptas put the squeeze on the Oppenheimers, another Cosatu union suggests that Zuma leave office Opinion 4 hours ago Report puts a number on possible national minimum wage National Economic Development and Labour Council (Nedlac) social partners will consider a final report on the introduction of a national minimum wage this ... National / Labour 4 hours ago Start-up Sigfox raises $160m in move toward ‘internet of things’ Sigfox has already built a global wireless network connecting over 10-million objects to the cloud at low cost by relying on surrounding sources of energy Companies 2 hours ago A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Shame, Sport and Recreation Minister Fikile Mbalula feels he has fallen victim to cyber bullies seeking special treatment, writes Gareth van Onselen Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Gareth van Onselen Columnist Snapchat’s youthful founders are fearless in their race to go public It is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, but the messaging company is planning an IPO just two years after it first began to ... Companies 1 hour ago CEO x 1 Day: new skills for the next generation SPONSORED: Odgers Berndtson's CEO x 1 Day lets MBA students spend a day with executives. Click to read more about today's CEO skills, leadership and more. Companies / Management 23 days ago Dollar hits a new high on market speculation about Trump economic policies The dollar is at a 14-year high with US bonds rising sharply and markets betting that American inflation and interest rates are headed higher Markets 3 hours ago VW to cut 30,000 jobs as it struggles to recover from emissions cheating scandal Two-thirds of the cuts will come from Volkswagen’s plants in Germany, under an agreement with labour that has taken months to reach World / Europe 5 hours ago Labour deal on the cards to avert junk Events of the coming week will be crucial as labour, business and government hold last-minute talks to secure labour stability, including a national minimum ... National / Labour 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Embattled David Mahlobo reported to the public protector DA says the state security minister ‘told a bald-faced lie’ in the National Assembly when he said student leader Mcebo Dlamini had never been to his home National 7 hours ago Load more BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 2. SA’s diplomats living it up abroad National 3. Labour deal on the cards to avert junk National / Labour 4. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 5. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. View all > Opinion views & analysis EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? As the Guptas put the squeeze on the Oppenheimers, another Cosatu union suggests that Zuma leave office Read More Gareth van Onselen Columnist A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Shame, Sport and Recreation Minister Fikile Mbalula feels he has fallen victim to cyber bullies seeking special treatment, writes Gareth van Onselen Read More CARTOON: Death Presidents' Society Friday, November 18 2016 Read More View all > Markets & Economy data, indicators & analysis 1. Gold slides as dollar surges to a near 14-year high over rate hike expectations Markets 2 hours ago 2. JSE positive as rand hedge industrials provide support Markets 3 hours ago 3. Dollar hits a new high on market speculation about Trump economic policies Markets 3 hours ago 4. Bonds weaken with US treasuries as the rand retreats on stronger dollar Markets 3 hours ago 5. Rand weakens further as dollar remains strong on mooted US rate hike Markets 3 hours ago View all > Video watch the news unfold Editing Allowed part 2: Trump's trillion dollar plan Read Full Article Editing Allowed part 2: Trump's trillion dollar plan Editing Allowed part 1: Zuma's dangerous power play How CEOs can make the most of the next generation of workers Businesses' Brexit conundrum Business Tools make your life easier Share Search GO Type in a share code or part of a company’s name in the Company Lookup box, then select the company name from the list of results and click Go to view its tearsheet with share data,news and more. Get the latest unit trust data Calendar JSE Sens Capital & Regional PLC - Disposal of The Mall, Camberley Index Change Advice – 20161121 Fairvest Property Hldgs Shares In Issue and Free Float Update City Lodge Hotels Ltd - Results of AGM Middle East Diamond Resources Ltd - Results of annual general meeting View all > BL Premium exclusively for our subscribers How the good times ended for SABMiller Ann Crotty The SA Breweries you knew and loved, which listed on the JSE back in 1897, is no more. After Anheuser-Busch InBev’s $109bn takeover last month, apprehension is stalking the corridors of the SA beer icon. But for new boss Carlos Brito, the numbers will trump all Read More JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring 'princelings' David J Lynch , Jennifer Hughes and Martin Arnold Employees knew the company could be breaking the law law, but carried on making improper hires because the rewards and new deals were ‘deemed too lucrative’ Read More Editor's Note: America gets its own Zuma Rob Rose Let’s hope that Donald Trump, like Jacob Zuma, is an ineffectual leader. Because if he takes his job seriously, the world should be very afraid, writes Rob Rose Read More Nasdaq’s new chief has company blood running through her veins Nicole Bullock When Adena Friedman replaces Bob Greifeld in December she will take the helm of a company that is vastly different from the one she joined as an intern Read More Top Stories editor’s news selection 1. Brexit and Trump: has predictability gone up the poll? Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Anthony Butler Columnist 2. MICHAEL FRIDJHON: Wine awards add zest and balance to the industry Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM 3. Will computers be eager to play and please? Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Michel Pireu Columnist 4. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes for 2017 Markets 6 hours ago 5. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Gareth van Onselen Columnist 6. In spite of Zuma, SA’s crucial cogs turn Opinion / Columnists 8 hours ago BL PREMIUM Peter Bruce Editor-in-chief, BDFM 7. Don’t discount Trump’s abilities Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Stephen Cranston Associate editor 8. Blowback for deluded moral guardians Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Simon Lincoln Reader Columnist Comments / top and trending articles by comments Top Trending View all > Sport results, opinions and personalities Sport / Cricket 7 hours ago Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby 9 hours ago Proteas may opt for Tabraiz Shamsi for more spin Sport / Cricket 9 hours ago Arsene Wenger has shot at sinking rival Mourinho Sport / Soccer 9 hours ago View all > Lifestyle art, culture, music and more Life / Books 1 hour ago Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 1 hour ago Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at YouTube awards Life / Arts & Entertainment 2 hours ago Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top prize Life / Arts & Entertainment 10 hours ago Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Why Google’s new Pixel phone is a Trojan horse Google’s new Pixel phone feels like a shot at Apple’s iPhone. But perhaps more importantly, it shores up Google’s software sovereignty—and its AI future Adrian Lee October 4, 2016 Follow @AdrianKLee Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Rick Osterloh, SVP Hardware at Google, introduces the Pixel Phone by Google during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. (Beck Diefenbach/Reuters) It was a barely kept secret, with spec details flying out through a cottage industry of insiders and leaks. A glitzy tech event in a California venue—a restored chocolate factory—was live-streamed across the world. An army of tech writers picked apart and reviewed the performance of each of its parts upon its buzzy release. If all this feels familiar—a launch event for a smartphone—it’s because it is. Maybe as recently as Sept. 7, when Apple launched its iPhone 7. But for Google, a massive company that has largely treated hardware as a hobby, it’s relatively new ground. “We’re really excited for the worst-kept secret ever,” said Darren Seefried, Google Canada’s head of hardware partnerships, to laughter at a launch event in Toronto. And on a day that Google had been heralding as a major announcement—the reveal of the Google Pixel, its first true incursion into the smartphone market—the spectre of the company it’s hoping to send a shot across the bow was hard to miss. But there was one thing that made it starkly different from an iPhone launch: On a day a new phone was announced, the phone wasn’t really the star of the show. It was the shift to AI. First, the day’s superficial news itself: after occasional flirtations, Google is plunging fully into the hardware world, and there are a lot of new devices, albeit fewer for Canadians. Google is entering the virtual-reality field with a comfortable, breathable headset, the Google Daydream VR, with promises of partners like J.K. Rowling and The New York Times. It announced Google WiFi, routers set to improve internet connectivity across all corners of your home. Its device-to-TV streaming Chromecast—which Google found enjoyed a 160 per cent increase in overall watch time last year—gets an upgrade, providing 4K resolution with higher speeds, coming later this year. Google Home, an Amazon Echo replica, is a speaker with Google Assistant built-in, integrated with your home systems and your pre-existing Google devices (though this won’t be available in Canada for the foreseeable future.) But no hardware news was louder than the Google Pixel, a “made by Google” phone and its foray into the premium smartphone market. There were the typical boasts: It preened about its battery life, promising a quick-charge ability that provides 7 hours of battery life in just 15 minutes. Leading camera analyzer DXOMark gave the Pixel’s 12.3 MP-resolution camera an 89 rating—the highest-ever for a smartphone. Pixel purchasers will get unlimited Google cloud storage to store those big, high-res photos and videos. It will be widely sold by carriers like Bell and Rogers (which owns Maclean’s) starting Oct. 20. On its surface, it’s hard not to read the release of a premium Android phone as anything but a strike at Apple and its marquee iPhone. Throughout the launch, Google embraced that attitude, too, with more than a few pinches of salt: “There’s no unsightly camera bump,” pointedly noted Rick Osterloh, Google’s SVP of hardware, at one point. Later, boasting of Pixel’s unlimited cloud storage, a “Storage Full” pop-up in Apple’s trademark bubble appeared on screen. Later still, there was Google’s exultation about “a headphone jack,” actually listed as a Pixel feature, in the wake of Apple’s divisive decision to scrap it from the iPhone 7. And then there was Osterloh’s grand statement about Google’s “magic”: “The next big innovation is going to be at the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre,” he said. And if that sounds familiar, it’s because Apple’s been talking about this for some time: “The magic of Apple, from a product point of view, happens at this intersection of hardware, software, and services. It’s that intersection,” said Apple chief Tim Cook, in a 2015 interview with Fast Company. And that competitive jockeying with Apple can be true and real. After all, tech watchers have long surmised that only Google could mount a truly meaningful rivalry against Apple in an already crowded marketplace. But what really makes Pixel’s launch interesting is what this really means: In a world where the currency is increasingly data, rather than coin, Google’s hardware play is a Trojan horse—even if it is a beautiful one. It’s a move into making hardware that bolsters its bread-and-butter software, allows it to further integrate itself in our daily lives, and positions it to win the fight that probably matters more, long-term: over artificial intelligence and the machine-learning algorithms that power it. South Korean professional Go player Lee Sedol reviews the match after finishing the final match of the Google DeepMind Challenge Match against Google’s artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo, in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, March 15, 2016. Google’s Go-playing computer program again defeated its human opponent in a final match on Tuesday that sealed its 4:1 victory. (Lee Jin-man/AP) Google has long been using machine learning to improve its services. It’s how Google Images knows what pictures to spit out when you type things in—something it’s improved at in the last two years, from 89.6 to 93.9 per cent accuracy. It’s how they’ve managed to improve machine translation to the point that it’s approaching human accuracy. It’s how Google’s AlphaGo beat the world’s best human Go player in March. It’s how Google is getting better at knowing what individual users want, based on the data they create by how they use their apps. To do all that, high-powered computers use machine learning, sifting through immense amounts of data to find patterns and learn. Users provide this data to Google through their searches and their activity across their many apps—Mail, Maps, Play, YouTube, and so on. And more data—along with better computing—refines AI and more advanced deep-learning systems. As Geoffrey Hinton, the Canadian godfather of deep learning-algorithms, said in an interview with Maclean’s: “In deep learning, the algorithms we use now are versions of the algorithms we were developing in the 1980s, the 1990s. People were very optimistic about them, but it turns out they didn’t work too well. Now we know the reason is they didn’t work too well is that we didn’t have powerful enough computers, we didn’t have enough data sets to train them.” Imagine the pace of Google’s AI development if it had even more directed information—with a phone that learns verbal cues and textual instructions, and takes detailed photos uploaded to an infinite bank of data, in the hands of many people? MORE: What is deep learning? So it was telling that Google’s Oct. 4 event started not with what consumers would invariably see as the major announcement—the new Pixel—but with new exultations over Google Assistant improvements. “We’re building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core,” said Sundar Pinchai, Google Inc.’s CEO, and indeed, the Pixel is the first phone with Assistant built in. That matters because Google’s presentation made clear that it envisions a world where you use Assistant’s vocal commands in lieu of text search, and is the big push for its Google Home, which even lets you automate home functions with verbal cues. In effect, the Pixel is a way for Google’s neural networks to gain even more insight into what people want and how they behave, information that benefits Google tremendously in its software development. That’s really where the Pixel comes in, and why Google is doing this now: Google Pixel allows an IV drip to further fuel the AI beast. This is hardware in the service of software. And a phone, to that end, makes eminent sense: In 2015, 68 per cent of Canadians owned a smartphone, and according to a 2014 report, of the 33 hours a month Canadians spend online, 49 per cent of that was spent on mobile devices, on  average. These numbers are sure to have risen today, proving that our phones are integrated deeply into the warp and weft of our lives. Putting a Google phone running Google products in people’s hands allows Google direct access to more data than ever before—an immense boon to the real prize, data sets for deep learning. As a bonus, it will get to claim that the Pixel is a true “Google phone”; if the iPhone is, for many, the product that defines Apple as a whole for consumers, a phone promising to be made entirely by Google allows the Pixel phone, conjuring emotional attachments every day, to reflect back on the company at large. But for a device that’s “all about control” for Google, according to Google Canada’s Seefried, the Pixel isn’t actually truly “made by Google,” as the company has crowed in its launch hashtag and website; while it controls design, it has farmed out the manufacturing to HTC. But those are small potatoes. Today isn’t about hardware vs. software, or even a new smartphone. Focusing on the Pixel would be missing the forest from the trees, confusing a short-term play for a long-term mission. Pinchai acknowledged it himself: “We’re moving from a mobile-first world, to an AI-first world.” It’s little wonder, then, that Google scheduled the event for Oct. 4. Sure, there’s the symbolism that its Assistant is jockeying against Apple’s Siri assistant, publicly released exactly five years ago. It could also be because, on this Oct. 4, Google was saying 10-4—radio language for “understood.” Google understands. And it’s hoping the Pixel allows its users to help them get more understanding. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Editor's Picks Google Google Pixel Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Saying goodnight to the grocer of despair Next Meet Maclean’s 2016 Parliamentarians of the Year Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories What will Donald Trump do for the 'lock her up' crowd? Trump Daily: Will the president-elect 'drain the swamp'? Discover the hidden talents of Canada's faculty and staff Why Gord Downie's lyrics are worth studying in school How the Democrats' plan to win without whites went so wrong Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   Donald Trump could happen in Canada. It’s already begun. 22 comments It has risen: Is this the key to growing Protestant churches? 15 comments University Rankings 2017 3 comments Why was an Air Canada plane circling near Victoria? 1 comment Canada’s race problem? It’s even worse than America’s. 173 comments Inside the mind of Trump’s Canadian speechwriter 1 comment 2017 Program Rankings 3 comments Letters: ‘You smug and arrogant eastern Liberal elites’ 1 comment University rankings Canada 2017: Comprehensive 3 comments Trump is a changed man? Don’t bet on it. 17 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TAP INTO THE FUTURE Apple’s new fingerprint patent hints at a future iPhone with no home button Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging October 04, 2016 A button by any other name... (Reuters/Eduardo Munoz) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Messaging October 04, 2016 Apple has been readying itself for the home button’s demise for a while. Between 2012 and 2014, the company acquired 26 patents from biometric security company Privaris, which specializes in integrating fingerprint readers into touch screens, CNN reported. So it wasn’t a huge surprise that on Tuesday (Oct. 4), Apple was awarded a patent for a “capacitive fingerprint sensor,” signaling a future where instead of the physical Touch ID module found on current models, iPhones have an edge-to-edge display with a virtual button performing the functions of the old home button. Capacitive fingerprint sensor (US Patent and Trademark Office) The patented technology will allow a device to gather accurate fingerprint readings anywhere on the display of the device. So far, this has not been possible because the image of your fingerprint gets distorted by the time it travels from the glass surface to the Touch ID sensor underneath. Apple’s latest invention would use special lenses to bridge the gap between the screen and the sensor to provide a clearer picture. If Apple does decide to do away with the home button, it wouldn’t be an unusual move for the innovator. Most recently, there was much uproar about the decision to remove the headphone jack from the iPhone 7. The company has a long history of freaking out potential customers, which Quartz’s Alice Truong has outlined: It sparked outrage initially when it removed the floppy drive from the iMac in 1998—and then it got rid of the phone jack (MacBook, MacBook Pro 2006), ethernet port (MacBook Air 2008), CD/DVD player (MacBook Air 2008), and most recently the dedicated charging port and all USB ports from its new 12-inch MacBook. Apple did not respond to Quartz about whether or not it plans to implement the new patent in the near future. Initially used solely to redirect people to the Apple iOS home screen, the home button has evolved to accommodate a variety of functions over the years: holding it down summons Siri, two clicks switches between apps, and the integration of Touch ID added a layer of security. With the latest iPhone 7 series, the button has already become more virtual than physical—haptic feedback sends vibrations to the user to signal that their instructions have been registered but there is no actual pressing of a button. The next-generation iPhones could incorporate the touch ID in the touchscreen itself to minimize physical buttons on the front of the device, thereby giving the makers more room to increase the size and resolution of the display without making the phones any bigger. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
null
Skip to content » NME Search for: Search Music Music News Music Blogs Album Reviews New Music Photos Features Festivals Artists Lists Film Film News Film Reviews Film Blogs TV TV News TV Blogs Food Video Song Stories Basement Sessions 90 Second Interviews Eats & Beats Tickets Win Merch Home News Music News Jay Z’s ‘Blueprint’ albums briefly appear – and then disappear – from Apple Music Sam Moore 5:49 pm - Oct 4, 2016 0shares 0shares The brief appearance of the rapper's albums are significant as rumours of Tidal's future being in doubt build Press A selection of Jay Z‘s albums have disappeared from Apple Music after being briefly listed on the streaming service yesterday (October 3). The Brooklyn rapper’s ‘Blueprint’ series – ‘The Blueprint’ (2001), ‘2: The Gift & The Curse’ (2002) and the compilation ‘Blueprint 2.1’ (2003) – were available to stream on Apple Music yesterday after a long absence from the streaming platform. The Jay Z-owned streaming service, Tidal, has near-exclusively housed Jay Z’s discography since it launched last year. However, as Pitchfork reports, their availability on Apple Music was brief, as the three albums have today disappeared altogether from the platform. The appearance of the albums – as brief as they were – is significant as the future of Tidal was said to be in doubt following a number of setbacks, such as the revelation that it had doubled its losses since Jay Z took the service over. Tidal has been struggling to compete with its rivals Spotify and Apple Music, despite securing exclusives from artists like Kanye West, Beyoncé and Prince. There were also rumours that Apple Music was set to buy Tidal, although the boss of the former, Jimmy Iovine, dismissed suggestions last month that a corporate purchase was imminent. “We’re really running our own race,” he claimed. “We’re not looking to acquire any streaming services.” West suggested back in July that such a deal should go through, imploring Apple CEO Steve Cook to buy Tidal from Jay Z in a series of tweets. Song Stories Song Stories: Big Narstie On How He Wrote ‘BDL Skank’ Song Stories: Girli On How She Wrote ‘Girl I Met On The Internet’ Slaves, ‘Consume Or Be Consumed’ – NME Song Stories Black Grape, ‘Kelly’s Heroes’ – NME Song Stories NME Merch Jimi Hendrix Stencil Logo Men's T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now AC/DC Special Edition Hand Painted Salute Men's T-Shirt £19.95 Buy now Michael Jackson Who's Bad Men's T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now Elton John Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Album White Women's T-Shirt £14.95 Buy now Latest Reviews Dawn Richard – ‘Redemption’ Review Justice – ‘Woman’ Review Metallica – ‘Hardwired… To Self Destruct’ Review ‘Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them’ – Film Review ‘Arrival’ – Film Review Alicia Keys – ‘Here’ Review Emeli Sandé – ‘Long Live The Angels’ Review Sleigh Bells – ‘Jessica Rabbit’ Review Sad13 – ‘Slugger’ Review Robbie Williams – ‘Heavy Entertainment Show’ Review Pixie Geldof – ‘I’m Yours’ Review Honeyblood – ‘Babes Never Die’ Review NME Home| Contact| Advertise| Buy Our Content| Site User Terms| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information ©1996-2016 Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. All rights reserved NME is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Entertainment Network
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition What History Says About Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 5 Ways the New Pokémon Games Are Totally Different Kanye West Booed After Saying He Would Have Voted For Trump Marilyn Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday’ Dress Sells for Record $4.8 Million Where Does the Fantastic Beasts Franchise Go Next? Leonardo DiCaprio Did Lunch to Support the Homeless Review: ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Breaks as Many Things as It Fixes These Evil Kermit the Frog Memes Are a Hilarious Reminder of the Dark Side in All of Us Why Donald Trump’s Election Makes J.K. Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts Even More Timely A Man Dissolved in an Acidic Hot Pool at Yellowstone. Here’s Why the Water Is So Dangerous TIME Tech Smartphones Google’s New Phones Are Exactly What Android Needs Now Alex Fitzpatrick @alexjamesfitz Oct. 4, 2016 SHARE The Pixel and Pixel XL could solve lots of problems for Android fans + READ ARTICLE Google’s new smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, boast a slick design, impressive camera, new voice aide dubbed Google Assistant, and, ahem, a standard headphone jack. They also represent a major turning point for the Mountain View, Calif.-based tech giant: Google’s new approach more closely ties its software and hardware, much like rival Apple. The move could not come at a more important time for Android, the company’s mobile eight-year-old operating system. Google has long been happy to develop and license Android software to third-party smartphone makers like Samsung, rather than create its own devices in-house. Even Google-branded Nexus phones were manufactured by contractors HTC and LG and were partially intended as reference designs, or gentle reminders to the company’s partners about what the Android experience should feel like. The company’s $12.5 billion acquisition of handset maker Motorola in 2011 failed to create the competitive mobile hardware division once imagined by executives and was eventually sold to Lenovo for a paltry $2.91 billion three years later. Nevertheless, thanks to licensing, Android marched on to dominating market share (87.6% for Google compared to 11.7% for Apple’s competing iOS in the second quarter of this year, according to researcher IDC). There were downsides to Google’s approach, though. Because hardware manufacturers are largely free to tinker with Android, many devices are laden with “bloatware,” or unwanted software. This so-called fragmentation also means Android software updates don’t always roll out evenly to Android phone users, keeping some from benefiting from new features and leaving others susceptible to malware. And controversies like Samsung’s recent Galaxy recall over potentially explosive batteries may not reflect badly on Google’s technology, but could turn off some users from the platform. (Not that Apple hasn’t had it’s own manufacturing controversies over the years; see bumper-gate and bend-gate.) Google’s new Pixel phones may be an answer to all of these problems. Google is effectively mimicking Apple’s design philosophy by managing both the hardware and software aspects of its devices. Done well, that level of control can result in faster phones with cleaner interfaces, more advanced features (like Google Assistant) and higher overall quality. It is becoming increasingly clear that advancements in software require corresponding, often coordinated advancements in hardware as mobile phones mature. The new Pixels, hopefully, represent a better Android experience for users. They may also scramble the way Google looks at the phones business. Despite its smaller share, Apple collects 94% of the entire market’s smartphone profits. The iPhone made just over $24 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter alone because the company makes money on its hardware. Up to now, Google hasn’t depended on hardware sales, focusing instead on getting its operating system in as many hands as possible to drive its search-based advertising business. If the Pixels are a hit, that could change the company’s calculations. Of course, in the hardscrabble mobile phone market, that’s still a big if. Specs and flashy promo videos are one thing, real-world performance is another. And yet, a purer Android experience is something the company’s fans are likely to cheer.   Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 spec shootout: Has Apple met its match? By Sean P. Aune | October 4, 2016 Front Page /Mobile/News/Comparisons/Gallery By Sean P. Aune | October 4, 2016 Part of: Pixel Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple’s iPhone 7 had a nice head start, but now the Pixel is here. Google‘s new flagship phone is finally official. So let’s compare it to the latest from Cupertino. From a hardware perspective, the iPhone 7 is largely outmatched. Google crammed in the type of specs found in other power-hungry flagship Android phones, though Apple’s new Fusion A10 chip may put Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon processor to shame. As for the design, the two devices look pretty similar upfront, but there are some big differences in back. You’ll also want to consider software too before making any final decisions. The Pixel runs the latest version of Android Nougat, along with a few extra perks from Google, while the iPhone 7 runs Apple’s iOS 10. So if you have a strong preference between Android and iOS this is a pretty easy choice, though both operating systems have their strengths and weaknesses. Check out the full spec-by-spec breakdown below, and stay tuned for plenty more Pixel coverage coming soon. Google Pixel Gallery iPhone 7 Gallery Google Pixel Apple iPhone 7 Display Size 5-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel display (441 ppi) 4.7-inch, 1334 x 750 pixel display (326 ppi) Display Type AMOLED QHD Retina HD Operating System Android 7.1 (at launch) iOS 10 (at launch) Processor Snapdragon 821; MSM8996 pro AB Quad Core 2+2 Kryo 2.15GHz / 1.6GHz A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture RAM 4GB Unknown Storage 32GB 128GB 32GB 128GB 256GB External Storage No No Main Camera (Back) 12.3MP 12MP camera Secondary Camera (Front) 8MP 7MP Networks CDMA: BC0/BC1/BC10 GSM: Quad-band GSM FDD LTE: B 1/2/3/4/5/7/8/12/13/17/20/25/26/28/29/30 LTE 2xCA: B2+B2, B2+B4, B2+B5, B2+B12, B2+B13, B2+B17, B2+B29, B2+B30, B4+B4, B4+B5, B4+B7, B4+B12, B4+B13, B4+B17, B4+B29, B4+B30, B5+B30, B7+B7, B12+B30, B25+B25, B29+B30, B41+B41 LTE 3xCA: B2+B2+B12, B2+B2+B13, B2+B4+B4, B2+B4+B5, B2+B4+B12 B2+B4+B13, B2+B4+B29, B2+B5+B30, B2+B12+B30, B2+B29+B30, B4+B4+B12, B4+B4+B13, B4+B5+B30, B4+ B7+ B12, B4+B12+B30, B4+B29+B30, B41+B41+B41 TDD LTE: B 41 UMTS/WCDMA: B 1/2/4/5/8 CDMA EV-DO Rev. A (CDMA models only) TD-SCDMA (CDMA models only) FDD-LTE GSM/EDGE TD-LTE UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 2x2 MIMO, dual-band (2.4 GHz, 5.0 GHz) 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi‑Fi with MIMO Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.2 Bluetooth 4.2 Battery 2770mAh N/A NFC Yes Yes Connectivity 3.5mm Headphone jack USB Type C Lightning port Sensors Accelerometer / Gyrometer Barometer Fingerprint Hall Magnetometer Proximity/ALS Accelerometer Ambient light Barometer Gyroscope Proximity GPS Digital compass GLONASS GPS A-GPS Digital compass GLONASS Height 143.8 mm (5.66 inches) 5.44 inches (13.82 cm) Width 69.5 mm (2.74 inches) 2.64 inches (67.1 mm) Depth 8.5 mm (0.33 inches) 0.28 inches (7.1 mm) Weight 143 g (5.04 oz) 4.87 oz (138 g) Colors Black, Blue, Silver Rose Gold, Gold, Silver, Black, Jet Black Supported Audio Formats N/A AAC (8 to 320 Kbps), Protected AAC (from iTunes Store), HE-AAC, MP3 (8 to 320 Kbps), MP3 VBR, Audible (formats 2, 3, 4, Audible Enhanced Audio, AAX, and AAX+), Apple Lossless, AIFF, and WAV Supported Video Formats N/A H.264 video up to 4K, 30 frames per second, High Profile level 4.2 with AAC‑LC audio up to 160 Kbps, 48kHz, stereo audio in .m4v, .mp4, and .mov file formats; MPEG‑4 video up to 2.5 Mbps, 640 by 480 pixels, 30 frames per second, Simple Profile with AAC‑LC audio up to 160 Kbps per channel, 48kHz, stereo audio in .m4v, .mp4, and .mov file formats; Motion JPEG (M‑JPEG) up to 35 Mbps, 1280 by 720 pixels, 30 frames per second, audio in ulaw, PCM stereo audio in .avi file format Topics #Apple #Google #Apple #Google #iPhone 7 #pixel Pixel Updates 18 Google Pixel outsells Nexus 6P in first week, report claims November 3 17 Google Pixel and Pixel XL top 5 features: Google Assistant, Daydream and more! October 4 16 Google’s Pixel devices will pack powerful Android Nougat 7.1 update October 4 15 Google Pixel vs Nexus 5X spec shootout October 4 14 Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 spec shootout: Has Apple met its match? October 4 13 Google Pixel XL vs Galaxy Note 7 spec shootout October 4 See All Updates Sean P. Aune Friend Sean P. Aune has been a professional technology blogger since July 2007, but his love of tech dates back to at least 1976 when his parents bought him a small… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Toggle Subscribe Search Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness 21 Under 21 Toggle Close Submit Fashion Entertainment Beauty My Life Wellness Parsons Prom Insider Log In Register Subscribe Sign Up for newsletter Subscribe Sign up for our newsletter Email Enter your birthday to completeMonth of birthMonthJanFebMarAprMayJunJulAugSepOctNovDecDay of birthDay01020304050607080910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year of birth Fragrance Twelve South’s Candle Smells Like Apple’s MacBook Laptops Tech toy. Sarah WuOct 4, 2016 4:12PM EDT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Facebook Twitter Pinterest facebook dialog PinterestCourtesy of Twelve South Any gadget you buy from Apple is going to qualify as a splurge. On the other hand, you can recreate that brand-new Apple Mac experience for a mere $24. The secret is the power of smell, which Twelve South is harnessing with their New Mac Candle. The sleek black jar contains hand-poured soy wax scented with mint, peach, basil, lavender, mandarin, and sage. It also holds the promise of a cool new computer — if you keep your eyes closed, that is. Allure reports that the combination of notes — which sounds soapy, slightly sweet, and clean — somehow does an okay job of mimicking the tech company’s laptops, cardboard packaging and all. The candle is currently out of stock on the company’s website, but they’re promising more later in the month. The brand lists the burn time as 45-55 hours, which is significantly shorter than a MacBook Pro’s life span, but long enough for you to commit that new laptop smell to memory. Plus, if you don’t light it, it will actually last forever! Now there’s something even your fanciest gadgets can’t promise. Related: 16 Gorgeous Makeup Looks You HAVE to Try This Fall This Box Contains ALL the Beauty Pros’ Favorite Products This New Service Ensures You’ll NEVER be Without Your Makeup Essentials Again follow us Facebook Twitter Pinterest What do you think? Comments Recommended for You Follow:FacebookTwitterInstagramPinterestWe Heart ItTumblrYouTubeGoogle Plustoggle social menu Condé Nast Condé Nast WebsitesCondé Nast Websites- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -AllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBon AppétitBrides.comCondé Nast TravelerConciergeDetailsEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQHotel ChatterJauntedLuckyNutritionDataRedditSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVegas ChatterVogueWWired Site MapContact usNewsletter SignupSubscriptionsIn this issue CareersCondé Nast StoreReprints/PermissionsParsons x TeenVogue Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy (Revised 1/2/2014).  Your California Privacy Rights. Teen Vogue © 2016 Condé Nast Digital. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast Digital. Ad Choices. Related BeautyBath & Body Works is Dropping 650 Holiday Launc… BeautySee Emma Watson’s Brand-New Hair Color BeautyKylie Jenner Announced 34 AMAZING Holiday Makeup La…
null
Screen Rant You Are Reading: Google Unveils Pixel Smartphone & Daydream VR Headset Share On Facebook Comments (3) Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next Google Unveils Pixel Smartphone & Daydream VR Headset By Lena Wilson 10.04.2016 3 Comments 31 Shares 3 Tech conglomerate Google has completely changed the way we interact with the world since unveiling their pilot search engine in 1997. From other Internet-altering software like the Chrome browser and Drive and Gmail apps to their 2006 purchase of YouTube, the company has consistently been at the forefront of technological development, and is currently in the top two most valuable brands in the world, along with Apple. It’s no secret that Google and Apple have been rivals for decades, with the former company proving strong competition after they cornered the smartphone market with their release of the iPhone in 2007. Google has been playing catch-up with smartphones ever since, despite their acclaimed Android OS, with Apple selling over one billion iPhones worldwide to date. As buzz about the latest iPhone 7 builds, Google is looking to finally release a competing device that includes both their hardware and software, and the company finally unveiled the result of all of that work in a conference that streamed live on YouTube. The company also demo’d their new virtual reality technology, which will rival Samsung’s Gear. Google’s new smartphone, the Pixel, is an attempt to reinvent what most consumers already love. The phone may look very similar to an iPhone, but it sports a host of new specs that excited the crowd at today’s earlier conference. For one, Pixel features an extremely hi-res camera, sporting 12.3 megapixels, that can take high-quality photos in low light and comes with a burst mode. It’s the highest-rated smartphone camera to date, at least according to the guys at DxOMark, and utilizes gyroscopic technology to take shake-free video. Google is also offering free unlimited storage for photos and videos to Pixel owners, so that each user’s high-quality images don’t eat up all 32 and 128 GB offerings of storage. The phone also features a fingerprint sensor on the back, an aluminum and glass body, and — yes — a headphone jack. Pixel in 5-inch and 5.5-inch (Pixel XL) versions, and color options include Very Silver, Quite Black, and Really Blue (a U.S. exclusive). You can check out Google’s spot detailing what Pixel has to offer, above. Google also debuted its new Daydream VR software, along with the Daydream View headset. The headset, which retails at just $79 (compared to Samsung Gear’s $499 price tag) is notably made from comfortable materials that emphasize wearability. View is designed with convenience in mind, and wirelessly syncs up with the Pixel — the only smartphone currently compatible with Daydream software. Google offered consumers a first look at the immersion Daydream can offer, and its entertainment possibilities. The company is touting View’s gaming capabilities, which allow the wearer to wield its remote like a controller. This potential has been maximized in anticipation of the upcoming Harry Potter film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, resulting in a game that allows View users to step into the Wizarding World and use the View remote as a wand. Take a look at Google’s spot about Daydream View, which illustrates some of these experiences, below. This summary has just touched the tip of this latest technological iceberg, as both Pixel and View tout several hardware and software features. The Pixel notably spotlights the Assistant AI, Google’s answer to Siri, which is able to interact with the user’s phone screen and contextualize its searches based on that information. Assistant also heads up another of Google’s latest technology projects, the Home, which mimics new tech like the Amazon Echo. This latest reveal also showed off a new Chromecast device which streams in 4K, as well as Google Wifi, Google’s solution to the in-house router. Google is really leaping into the hardware game, with enough new tech to make your head spin, but it looks like the pioneering company may have hit on another success (or five). Pixel does sport a number of exclusive features, and it looks like Assistant has the potential to be way more helpful than Siri. That VR headset price will also undoubtedly open up that technology to a lot more people, which means that Google may be the company to finally bring us into a new age of virtual reality. We wouldn’t put it past Google to upend the technological landscape once again, and these just might be the devices to do it. In the end, though there are some head-scratching aspects to these newest offerings — like Pixel’s conspicuously home button-less front — it looks like Google is about to release some really exciting things, and we can’t wait for the reviews and unboxings to pour in. The Google Pixel is currently available for pre-order, and there is now a waitlist going for the Daydream View VR headset. Information for both can be found here. Source: Google, TechCrunch BY: Lena Wilson TAGS: google Comments (3) Share On Facebook Tweet It Comments (3) Like us on facebook More in Game News Batman – The Telltale Series Episode 4 Trailer & Details Arrive 15 Things You Never Knew About Pokémon Gold And Silver Microsoft Celebrates 15 Years of Xbox On ScreenRant.com Trending Latest Topics Trailers Kong: Skull Island (Trailer #2) Lists What We Know For Sure About Marvel Phase 4 TV News The Walking Dead Upcoming Episode Summaries Released Lists Reasons To Be Thankful That Firefly Was Cancelled Lists The Best Netflix Original Series And Movies Of 2016, Ranked Lists Things You Never Knew About Grindelwald Movie News Disney Honors Stan Lee's 75th Marvel Anniversary Movie News Fantastic Beasts Sequel Title Format Revealed War for the Planet of the Apes The Punisher Wolverine 3 Arrow Season 5 The Walking Dead Season 7 The Batman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Luke Cage Power Rangers Follow Us ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US © 2015 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Granted 45 Patents Covering Inductive Coil Shielding Materials, EarPods and Camouflaged Openings | Main | The Google Manifesto: The Arrival of the AI Revolution » October 04, 2016 Google Introduces Pixel the Smartphone and other Hardware Devices Squarely Aimed at Amazon and Samsung   On September 23 Patently Apple posted a report titled "Google Set to Shake Up the Market by Challenging Apple's Premium iPhone Directly." As scheduled, Google unveiled the Pixel and larger Pixel XL, the first smartphones that were conceptualized, designed, engineered and tested in-house. The Pixel handsets feature a Siri-like virtual assistant, flashy camera features and are the first to boast Android's new Nougat 7.1 operating system. Their debut signals Google's push into the $400 billion smartphone hardware business and shows that the company is willing to risk alienating partners like Samsung and LG Electronics that sell Android-based phones.   Bloomberg notes in their report that "Google executives began to see the benefit of the Apple approach: a unified portfolio of consumer electronics products that show off its services better than partners can. A Home speaker device, a virtual reality headset, a Wi-Fi router system and an updated video streaming stick were also unveiled on Tuesday at an event in San Francisco.   Getting into the hardware business is a big, risky financial and operational commitment. But Google needed its own handset to ensure distribution for its web services, and more complex offerings like virtual and augmented reality.   So in the summer of 2015, Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai approved the Pixel project; development began last fall. 'The difference with this device is that we started from the beginning,' says Dave Burke, who runs Android engineering. By contrast, Google's contributions to Nexus phones typically didn't happen until they were 90 percent done. For more on this, see the full Bloomberg report here.   Overview: Pixel XL vs. iPhone 7 Plus   Google's Pixel Smartphone     Google Virtual Reality with Daydream View     On September 18, 2016 our other IP blog, Patently Mobile, posted a report titled "Google Working on a new VR Headset to Compete with Facebook's Oculus and Beyond." That was excellent timing and this is now a patent fulfilled.    Google Wifi Videos       Google Home     In the Guardian's report today on the Google product launches they noted that "There's one huge name missing from this: Apple. While it has been steadily improving Siri, and rolling it out to ever more devices, from the iPhone to Macs and Watches, it is not making a dash for the living room at the same rate as Google and Amazon.   'Apple,' according to Gartner analyst Werner Goertz says, 'is dropping behind in this race.' It risks being 'late to market unless it can come up with substantial product announcements by the end of this year.' That might be because its voice-recognition technology simply isn't as strong as those two companies, or it might be that it has still got its hopes pegged on smart watches as the next big thing."   In June Patently Apple posted a report titled "Forbes Misguided View is that Apple has Missed the AI Revolution." Gartner's analyst holds the same myopic view as the Forbes contributor who prematurely wrote off Apple as falling behind other tech leaders in Silicon Valley which is absolutely absurd. Apple's iPad was one of the fastest selling new products to market quickly racking up 100 million units, and units that weren't cheap I might add. Have the personal home assistants from Google or Amazon sold anything close to that yet? Ha! Not on your life. These devices will not sell in those volumes out of the gate. Forget about it. And more importantly, when Apple sells it, they'll probably sell 2X the volume of their chief rivals combined. Someone is once again confusing first to market and best received in the market.   And by the way, it seems that Goertz didn't get the memo. Apple has already gotten the news out that they've been working on an Echo/Google-Home type of device for some time now. Using Phil Schiller's terminology: Late to the party, my ass!   In the end, today is Google's day and I wish them all the best with their new hardware division. If the Pixel XL could cut Samsung's smartphone sales down by another 20%, I'm all smiles, thank you very much. With Samsung playing footsie with Facebook and trying to push Tizen over Android, it was time for Google to step up to the plate and kick Samsung in the head for being a backstabber. Google VR is out to smack Samsung's Gear VR squarely in the head and good for them. But as far as the Pixel smartphone goes, will it really sell more than their Nexus line did? Until Google could hit volume, Foxconn won't even look at them. So HTC is who Google is stuck with as a supplier. I think that speaks volumes for now. But you never know. With Samsung's burned out reputation on the line, perhaps Google just might be able to cash in on that. Only time will tell   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 04, 2016 at 02:11 PM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple TV Universal Search Expands to Support the CW, Five Additional Countries LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted October 4, 2016 at 8:02pm by iClarified · 6326 views · Translate Apple has expanded its Universal Search function on the Apple TV. In the United States, Universal Search now supports the new CW app which offers subscription-free streaming of recent episodes. Apple has also brought Universal Search to Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, and Sweden for the first time starting with Netflix and iTunes Movies. Finally, Australia gets universal search supportfor ABC iview and Plus7. Read More [via MacRumors] Follow iClarified Comments (2) Add Comment sabir234 - 4 hours ago This is the place you might thought is the best to get the snapchat hack online. This is to be noted down that these snapchat hack for the password are great if you need any account information. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:28pm asdasd Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobile Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and Facebook even if it wanted to Matt Weinberger Oct. 4, 2016, 4:09 PM 30,932 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google Google's main business is search engine advertising. None of its other products and services even come close, financially speaking. Google knows it must protect that business at all costs. If people use any other search engine, on any device, for any reason, it means they're not seeing a Google-delivered ad (or contributing data back to the Google ad sales mother ship). That's why new classes of devices like the Amazon Echo home voice assistant and Facebook's Oculus Rift virtual reality headset present such a threat to Google. They're rapidly building new ways to be productive, consume media, and connect with people — without the need for Google's search or services. So when Google shows off the new Google Home (like Amazon Echo), Google Daydream View (like Samsung's Oculus-powered Gear VR), and Google Pixel (like the Apple iPhone, designwise), don't think of the search giant as copying the competition, necessarily. Google is simply safeguarding its biggest, most important line of business, no matter how the world changes around it. The rise of the assistant Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, and Microsoft's Cortana digital assistants all rely on Microsoft Bing to search the web. For now, they represent a small part of the search market. But if they continue to grow unchecked, it means Google's getting left behind. Similarly, Facebook is taking on YouTube to be the video destination of choice. It's a threat large enough to inspire Google to ditch its longtime strategy of relying entirely on outside manufacturers like Samsung and HTC to push Android forward; instead it's designing everything in-house. By taking control of both the software and the hardware on which it runs, Google can more effectively compete with Amazon, Apple, and Facebook's Oculus, which all do the same. So Google has to build an awesome phone, powered by its Google Assistant bot, to provide a tantalizing high-end alternative to Siri, which got an upgrade in iOS 10. It has to build a virtual reality headset, or else Facebook will run away with VR video advertising. And it has to build a smart home assistant to stave off Amazon's Alexa. The Google Daydream View VR headset.Google For a historical example, consider why Google even bothered developing Android — which came out about a year after the first iPhone debuted in 2007 — in the first place. Google gives away the Android operating system to manufacturers like Samsung, LG, and HTC for free. But because Google is so baked into every layer of the operating system, it makes it difficult not to use the search engine or services. That makes Google billions of dollars in advertising. From that perspective, Android was a success. It kept people using Google, even as search engine traffic moved from the PC to the smartphone. Now Android is the most popular operating system in the world, and Google's ad empire stands secure. Left behind Now Google is looking to repeat the trick. If Google can continue to provide the low-cost, high-intelligence alternative to Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Microsoft, in every new area of importance, it can keep its crown no matter what the next big shifts in technology look like. Google But nothing lasts forever, especially in tech. If people are unimpressed by Assistant, or wooed by Facebook's and Sony's higher-end virtual reality headsets, or are just plain turned off by the idea of having a Google-powered microphone in their home, Google could be left behind. So even if Google wanted to stop copying the Facebooks and Amazons of the world, it's too important to the company that the search engine stay omnipresent, everywhere. If that means taking your cues from everyone else, so be it. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. NOW WATCH: Google just unveiled the Pixel — its first smartphone Loading video... More: Google Apple Amazon Microsoft Facebook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and Facebook even if it wanted to Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and Facebook even if it wanted to Google's main business is search engine... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Analysts are lukewarm about Google's new gadgets By Associated Press Published: 15:52 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 15:53 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — The Latest on Google's product event (all times local): 12:45 p.m. Analysts say Google's new lineup of phones, other devices and artificial intelligence services may have trouble attracting consumers in large numbers, at least for now. A reporter looks over the new Google Pixel phone following a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. The new phones represent a push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) For instance, so-called intelligent assistants often don't live up to their early promises, says analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy. What's more, he warned that Google's service may use some of the information shared by users to create profiles for advertising. Google didn't address that in its presentation Tuesday. And while Google was smart to emphasize the performance of the new smartphone cameras, Moorhead added in an email, he said other features in the new phones don't seem very different from what Samsung and Apple have offered. Gartner's Brian Blau, meanwhile, said the new Google Assistant could help the company tie its various hardware and software offerings together. But he's also skeptical that Google's Pixel phones will dent Apple-Samsung dominance in the smartphone market, especially since Pixels will be more expensive than phones in Google's previous Nexus line. "To be honest, that was one of the attractive points" of the Nexus, he says. ___ 11 a.m. Google is making a greater commitment to hardware in unveiling new phones, a smart speaker and other gadgets. The products announced Tuesday also underscore Google's hope that by designing both hardware and the software — the way Apple has long done — products and features will work better, with little input needed from users. For instance, the new smart speaker called Home will be able to use voice to control Netflix and other video on Google's Chromecast streaming device. Google also hinted that the approach lets Google take full advantage of capabilities it's designing with artificial intelligence and machine learning. It hasn't offered examples, though, on what users will be able to do on its new Pixel phones that they won't be able to do on Android phones from Samsung and others. Another theme running throughout the event: Products will get smarter thanks to artificial intelligence technology developed by Google. The features demonstrated seem similar to what Amazon and Apple already offer with their virtual assistants. Google officials have repeatedly emphasized that its AI technology is in the early stages — so it remains to be seen what this new era for Google will lead to. ___ 10:25 a.m. Google is promoting its new Home smart speaker as a way to access Google's knowledge — hands free. It will suggest the best way to get places, thanks to Google Maps, or find answers from other sources, such as Wikipedia. A feature called My Day will also offer a summary of your upcoming day. You'll need to give Google permission to activate that. Amazon, Apple and Microsoft all have variations of such assistants. Home will work closely with other Google devices. For example, if you have a Chromecast streaming device, you can use Home to control video on your TV. The feature will be limited at first. In some cases, Google will have to fine tune the software to work with specific services. Netflix will be one of the first to work, so you can simply ask Google Home to start the Netflix show "Orange is the New Black." Home will be available for almost $130 and come with six months of YouTube Red, a $10-a-month ad-free subscription. Orders start Tuesday; Home will be in stores on Nov. 4. The cylinder-shaped Echo costs $180, though Amazon also sells a smaller version shaped like a hockey puck that sells for $50. ___ 10:15 a.m. Google is ready to start selling its echo of Amazon's Echo. The Echo is an internet-connected speaker featuring a voice-activated digital assistant. It's moving into more homes and lessening the need to find information on Google's search engine. As a counterpunch to Amazon, Google has built a similar two-way speaker that it simply calls "Home." It will be able to perform many of the same tasks as Echo, including playing music and fielding questions about everything from the weather to what's playing at the local theater. Google Home will also be able to control lights, appliances and other devices around the house, assuming you've installed "smart" versions of them. Google teased the Home device at a technology conference in May and is offering more details Tuesday. Google is betting that the knowledge that it has gained while running the world's dominant search engine will make the computer-powered assistant in Home smarter than Amazon's Alexa in the Echo, which has been on the market since 2014. If you're feeling creepy about a speaker listening to your conversations, Google says you can turn the microphone off. ___ 10:12 a.m. Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix and other online video on big screens. The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher-resolution format called 4K. That's a feature already offered by larger, more expensive streaming devices such as the $100 Amazon Fire TV. Ultra will cost about $70. Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email, Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV. Google is facing competition with low-end devices. Roku just announced a $30 Express model that's about the size of a finger, while Amazon just updated its $40 Fire TV Stick. Both of those devices come with a remote, making them suitable stand-alone gadgets. But neither streams in 4K. ___ 10:10 a.m. Google wants to improve Wi-Fi in the home by creating its own router. The company says people use internet differently now, with games, video chatting and more on various devices throughout the home. The new Google Wi-Fi system will be modular — just add new components based on how your home and rooms are shaped. Software will help manage the various access points for you as you move around. It will cost almost $130 for the main device. A three-pack for larger homes will cost about $300. ___ 10:00 a.m. Google has unveiled its own virtual-reality headset, called Daydream View. It will differ from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. Daydream is a challenge to more sophisticated systems from Facebook's Oculus business, HTC and Sony — as well as to Google's own Cardboard effort. Cardboard is cheap — available for as little as $15 — but it doesn't offer much control over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your head. The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod, a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences. Although Google will make its own Daydream headset, it plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers. Google says 50 partners are bringing apps and games to Daydream, with more on the way. Google services such as photos, YouTube and Street View maps will also come to Daydream. The unveiling came at a Google event in San Francisco on Tuesday. Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for $79. ___ 9:50 a.m. Google is stepping up the marketing of its new Pixel phones, and will offer them through Verizon as well as Google's own online Play store. Previously, Google phones have largely been limited to online orders. The new phones will come in two screen sizes — 5 inches and 5.5 inches. The smaller one will cost about $650, with orders starting Tuesday; the larger version will go for about $750. Google says the camera on Pixel phones will be "excellent." Pixel owners will also get unlimited storage of photos at full resolution. Others get unlimited storage at high resolution of up to 16 megapixels; and anything sharper than that gets reduced in quality to qualify. However, Google's Pixels cameras are 12 megapixels, so they would have qualified under the regular plan anyway. The phones will be the first ones compatible with Google's upcoming Daydream virtual-reality system. ___ 9:40 a.m. Google is introducing a new line of smartphones in its most aggressive challenge yet to Apple and Samsung. The phones unveiled Tuesday in San Francisco will carry the Pixel brand, which Google has previously stamped on a tablet and a Chromebook laptop. The phones will have Google's virtual assistant and artificial intelligence service, Google Assistant, built in. The company says computing is becoming more dependent on AI, not just on being mobile. Google has released a series of its own phones, dubbed Nexus, since 2010. Those phones had limited distribution and were typically embraced by Google purists. Now, the company is casting aside the Nexus name as it aims to become an even more prominent player in the mobile market Google, of course, already provides the Android system software that powers more than 80 percent of the world's smartphones. The new push pits Google against a familiar foe in Apple and its iPhone. But it also poses a new threat to Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones. ___ 9:30 a.m. Google is taking a page from Apple's playbook by making a bigger push to build its own hardware. Rick Osterloh, head of Google's newly formed hardware group, says that by building hardware itself, Google can take full advantage of capabilities it's designing with artificial intelligence and machine learning. Apple has long taken a similar approach by designing both iPhone hardware and the iOS operating-system software that runs on it. Google has designed hardware before, but Osterloh says Google will now get deeper into it. ___ 9:15 a.m. Google is opening an event in San Francisco with a prediction that artificial intelligence will play a greater role in our lives. CEO Sundar Pichai says computing is transitioning to an artificial-intelligence-first world, just as it moved to a mobile-first world just a few years ago. Pichai says, "Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user. We want to build a Google for each user." Google services along those lines include Google Assistant, software that's designed to answer questions and retrieve information, conversation-style. Google Assistant made its debut in a chat app called Allo a few weeks ago. It will also be part of the upcoming Home smart speaker. Google is expected to announce more details at the event. The event — held at the former power plant for a chocolate factory — started with video showing characters from the HBO show "Silicon Valley" bantering about expectations. ___ 7:35 a.m. Google will ramp up its consumer electronics strategy Tuesday as it's expected to announce new gadgets at an event in San Francisco. The products include new smartphones and an internet-connected personal-assistant for the home similar to Amazon's Echo speaker. All are intended to showcase Google's software and online services. Analysts and industry blogs say a virtual-reality headset and a home router could also be on tap. Google makes most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more emphasis on hardware as it faces rivals like Apple, Amazon and Samsung. Julie Ask at Forrester Research says new devices could help Google keep its services front and center in the battle for consumers' attention. Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller following a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Daydream View will differ from other headsets, like Samsung's Gear VR, in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Rishi Chandra, Google group product manager, talks about Google Home during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Home, Google's new smart speaker, will be able to use voice to control Netflix and other video on Google's Chromecast streaming device. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung, introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. It will differ from other headsets, like Samsung's Gear VR, in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) The new Google Pixel phone is displayed next to a Google Home smart speaker, left, following a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google is making a greater commitment to hardware in unveiling new phones, a smart speaker and other gadgets. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) The new Google Pixel phone is displayed following a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the colors of the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) The new Google Pixel phone is displayed next to a Daydream View virtual-reality headset, right, following a Google product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google is making a greater commitment to hardware in unveiling new phones, a smart speaker and other gadgets. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. It will differ from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Brian Rakowski, Google vice president of product management, talks about the camera in the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Help Center  Newsletters  Subscribe  P-Edition Login  Advertise Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Obits Register Connect CARS JOBS HOMES ADS AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Video Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © The Press-Enterprise. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Site Help | User Agreement | Site Map Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple More proof the iPhone 8 is getting the revolutionary new feature you’re waiting for Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 4, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Next year’s iPhone will bring the radical redesign many people wanted for the iPhone 7. At least one iPhone 8 version will have an OLED display, many reports have shown. Other rumors indicated the phone might have curved edges and a screen that occupies almost the entire front surface of the phone. That means the home button that provides vital features will have to be relocated under the display, as Apple can’t just remove it. And now there’s even more proof that Apple has been actively studying ways to place a button under an already sophisticated iPhone screen. DON’T MISS: Another iPhone bursts into flames, sending the owner to the ER Awarded on Tuesday, US Patent No. 9,460,332 is titled Capacitive fingerprint sensor including an electrostatic lens. That doesn’t sound very appealing until you realize the patent describes ways of placing a button with fingerprint scanning capabilities under the screen. The home button has at least one critical feature, and that’s the fingerprint scanner that’s used to unlock the phone, log into apps and services, and authenticate Apple Pay transactions. Even if the physical home button is removed, the Touch ID fingerprint scanner can’t be removed. Other features of the home button can easily be replaced with gestures that can take advantage of the screen’s 3D Touch feature. The iPhone 7 is the first iPhone not to have a physical home button. The new capacitive button still provides tactile feedback using a Taptic Engine, similar to some MacBooks. These are all indications that the home button will be incorporated into the screen at some point in the future. Today’s patent reveals that Apple is looking at technology that would let the Touch ID sensor read a fingerprint through the various layers of the display. Currently, the sensor needs direct contact with the finger. But Apple is looking to change that for Touch ID solutions of the future so that direct contact between the finger and the sensor would no longer be required. As always, the technology described in patents may not make it into commercial products. The same goes for the tech outlined in this document. However, the new patent proves that Apple wants to remove the home button in the future without losing the features associated with it. And while the patent doesn't mention the iPhone in particular, the very first image in the documentation shows an iPhone complete with home button. The full patent, filed back in September 2014, is available at this link. apple-patent-fingerprint-sensor-under-display-iphone-8-1More apple-patent-fingerprint-sensor-under-display-iphone-8-2More apple-patent-fingerprint-sensor-under-display-iphone-8-3More Trending right now: Google’s Pixel phone is finally official: Release date, specs and pricing 10 best features of Google’s brand new Pixel phones iPhone 7 vs. Galaxy S7 blind camera test: Guess which model hardcore Apple fans picked See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBSN Google to unveil new smartphone, VR headset and ot... CBS This Morning Trump picks attorney general CBS This Morning U.S. soldiers' deaths in Jordan CBS This Morning Allies' concerns over Trump CBS This Morning Arizona cop punches woman CBS This Morning Trump Tower security CBS This Morning Trump son-in-law's role CBS This Morning Calif. prepares for next quake CBS This Morning Trump picks Sessions for AG post SciTech Soyuz blasts off with three bound for space station SciTech Chinese astronauts back on Earth after record mission SciTech Fake news creator claims he put Trump in White House SciTech Recyclable paper bike helmet wins prestigious award SciTech Could this hack change the future of food production? SciTech Tinder dating app offers more gender options SciTech Firefox iPhone browser hides you from advertisers' eyes SciTech Soyuz Launch-to-Docking Timeline SciTech Got milk? People living 9,000 years ago did SciTech Astronomers find cosmic "barcode" from distant galaxy SciTech Hawking: Humans won't survive another 1,000 years on Earth SciTech Twitter suspends several alt-right accounts By Brian Mastroianni CBS News October 4, 2016, 3:33 PM Google introduces Pixel smartphone, Daydream VR Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Oct 4, 2016 4:41 PM EDT On Tuesday, Google unveiled Pixel, its newest smartphone and answer to Apple’s recent iPhone 7. Google aims to assert itself in the market as a strong smartphone competitor to Apple and Samsung by releasing a device that, among other features, has a highly touted camera with unlimited storage and runs with Google Assistant – the company’s version of Apple’s Siri. Google showed off the Pixel phone at a press event in San Francisco along with a number of other new devices, including the virtual reality Daydream View headset and Google Home, a Wi-Fi-enabled, voice-controlled device that uses Google Assistant to play music or answer questions. Sabrina Ellis, Director of Product Management at Google, speaks about the new Pixel phone during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, October 4, 2016.  REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach “Building hardware and software together lets us take full advantage of capabilities like the Google Assistant,” Rick Osterloh, head of Google’s hardware group, told the crowd. “This is a natural step and we’re in it for the long run.” The Pixel phone – which the company calls “the first phone made by Google inside and out” – comes in two sizes, 5 inches (slightly larger than the iPhone 7) or 5.5 inches (same as the iPhone 7 Plus). Brian Rakowski, VP of Product Management at Google, speaks about the new Pixel phone.  REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach The emphasis on the Google Assistant as a utility player that can connect multiple devices to stream music, play videos, and answer questions seems to position Google in direct competition with Apple’s strategy of releasing sleek, interconnected, Siri-enabled devices. In another dig, the Pixel phone comes with a headphone jack. In fact, CNET’s Brian Tong told CBS News ahead of the event that the Pixel “looks a lot like an iPhone.” The name Pixel had previously been used for Google’s tablets and Chromebook laptops, and will replace the company’s Nexus phone brand, CNET reports. Those phones have been on the market for the past six years and were aimed mainly at dedicated Android developers and consumers. CNET senior editor Scott Stein said with its latest products, Google is attempting to build a bridge between its past image as a search engine to its future as a tech company serving all aspects of daily life. “The bridge is in all the other stuff, and I think that Google has to explain why Google in the home, Google in your life, Google listening to you all the time -- whether that’s something that you want,” Stein told CBS News. Play Video CBSN What to expect from Google's new Pixel phone Google is gearing up for a big event in San Francisco Tuesday, where it expected to announce several new products. The product getting the most h... One of the major selling points of the new phone is its 12.3-megapixel camera. The camera is embedded in the phone’s design, so it doesn’t have an “unsightly camera bump” as Osterloh said at the event, in an obvious swipe at the design of Apple’s newest phones.  For photo-taking fans who constantly use up storage on their smartphones, the Pixel comes with free, unlimited photo and video storage courtesy of Google Photos. Among the camera’s many features is that it continuously shoots 30 frames per second. When a user hits the button, the camera captures up to “10 frames out of memory and combines them into a single shot,” writes CNET’s Stephen Shankland.   The new phones come in three colors – “Quite Black,” “Very Silver,” and the limited-edition “Really Blue,” which drew loud applause from the audience. Pixel is available for pre-orders starting today at $649. Virtual reality Beyond the new Pixel phone, Google spent a lot of time introducing Daydream View, its new virtual reality headset. Plans for the device were first announced at Google I/O, the company’s annual developers conference, back in May.  The Daydream View will be available in November priced at $79. The headset comes with a fabric cover and a controller, and is 30 percent lighter than most VR headsets, Google said. It will be released first in a gray called “Slate,” and then will later be offered in “Crimson” and “Snow” colors. Pretty cool. Daydream lets a phone pop in and auto align, connect.— Scott Stein (@jetscott) October 4, 2016 Stein said the price was an important selling point. “It’s kind of a stocking-stuffery thing, it could be fun. And certainly that’s the right price.... Paying hundreds and hundreds of dollars for VR that’s evolving fast – it’s an iffy proposition unless you’re that person, you want to spend that,” Stein told CBS News.  If you want to view Pixel virtual reality content, you can just drop your phone into a pouch in the headset, which will auto-connect with the device. The Daydream headset will also be compatible with a number of other phone models, though not all. Stein stressed that the verdict is still out on whether virtual reality technology will catch on widely with consumers. “It’s so evolutionary, this tech. Yes, it’s an amazing experience for a lot of people, but you maybe only want to spend 10 minutes at a time doing it and then you kind of want to take it off and not use it for awhile,” he said. “Google has to figure out, how does that work with Android? Am I spending a lot of time in VR? A little bit? Is it a productivity tool, is it a way for them to think about where where the future is?”  © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Brian Mastroianni On Twitter» Brian Mastroianni covers science and technology for CBSNews.com Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes President-elect Trump's business plans Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video Trump picks attorney general Play Video U.S. soldiers' deaths in Jordan Play Video Allies' concerns over Trump Play Video Arizona cop punches woman Play Video Trump Tower security Previous Next 16 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children Who is President-elect Trump's new right hand man? New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Google Tech Google will walk you through switching from an iPhone to a Pixel New, 57 comments by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Oct 4, 2016, 3:30pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is deadly serious about its new Pixel smartphones being able to take on the iPhone in every respect possible. And in a move that also mirrors Apple’s own past efforts, the company is now providing instructions for anyone looking to switch from their current iPhone to a brand-new Pixel. Google’s instructions involve connecting an iPhone or iPad running at least iOS 8 to the new Pixel using Google’s Quick Switch Adapter. The search company advises that you turn off iMessage in Settings first, but also links out to Apple’s deregister tool in case you jump the gun and start losing texts. From there, you just need to sign into your Google account and decide what you want to move over to your new phone. Google really wants people to switch It's clear that Google really wants people to switch to its new family of phones. Still, it's one thing to build a device following the Apple script, but something else getting people to adopt it. And considering how Nexus phones have traditionally sold, that's no easy task. At any rate, it’s an easy set of instructions, so anyone using an iPhone who feels tempted to jump on Google’s new flagship bandwagon should have no trouble with the shift. Read next: the inside story of the Google phone! Google Pixel phone first look Source: Made by Google In this Storystream Google's Pixel event: all the news from the big announcement Mossberg: Google's first phone is first rate Google will walk you through switching from an iPhone to a Pixel Google Daydream is a quixotic quest to make VR normal View all 23 stories More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End Google has added an eraser for bleak skies in Photos This Article has a component height of 10. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 21 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all BREAKING NEWS: Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for three days  'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police department four days before the ambush attacks Russia's plans for a base on the MOON: Nation will land cosmonauts on the surface by 2031 ahead of creating a lunar colony Putin's new hypersonic missile could reach the West Coast in 12 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon that will sit on top of a NUKE  Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Don't mention the T-word! Obama arrives to meet European leaders after Trump's shock election win which dismayed them all The last supper: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel say farewell over an intimate meal on his final official tour of Europe Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners want dark-horse Kansas official  Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the White House insists Congress must make the change Previous Next Apple is named the biggest corporate tax avoider in the US after booking $218 BILLION of profit offshore last year Tech giant was able to save $65.08 billion that it should have paid in tax Report reveals top 30 tax avoiders based in America collectively operated a staggering 2,509 tax haven subsidiaries Apple was the top with three foreign subsidiaries, all based in Ireland In second was pharmaceutical giant Pfizer with 181 offshore subsidiaries  Report reveals that last year three quarters of the Fortune 500 companies use subsidiaries in offshore tax havens In the US, this amounted to $715.62 billion in tax that they avoided paying  By Daily Mail Reporter Published: 15:46 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 09:38 EST, 5 October 2016 e-mail 7.3k shares 103 View comments Apple has been named as the biggest corporate tax avoider in the United States after booking $218.55 billion (£171.6 billion) of profit offshore last year. The tech giant was able to save $65.08 billion (£51.1 billion) that it should have paid in tax thanks to its convoluted arrangements. The report revealed that last year three quarters of the Fortune 500 companies use subsidiaries in offshore tax havens where they sent a total of $2.42 trillion (£1.9 trillion) of income. In the US alone this amounted to $715.62 billion (£561.9 billion) in tax which they avoided paying. Scroll down for video  Apple has been named as the biggest corporate tax avoider in the United States after booking $218.55 billion (£171.6 billion) of profit offshore last year The report of said many of the biggest companies in the world use a foreign office to ‘disguise’ their profits as coming from another country even if they are not. It was published days after Apple announced that it is building a massive new campus in Battersea, South London. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Yahoo secretly built software in 2015 to search customers'... Google unveils the 'AI phone' to take on Apple: Pixel... Incredible drone footage shows Apple's $5billion new... iPhone 7 finishes LAST in battery-life tests: Survey shows... Share this article Share 7.3k shares The 500,000 sq ft site will house Apple’s 1,400 employees in London and is part of a $9.93 billion (£7.8 billion) development of the site of a former power station. The report reveals that the the top 30 tax avoiders based in America collectively operated a staggering 2,509 tax haven subsidiaries. Apple was the top with three foreign subsidiaries, all in Ireland, but they constituted $218.55 billion (£171.6 billion) of profit booked overseas. Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook (above) has called attempts to make it pay more tax ‘political crap’ and has said that the company follows all relevant laws In second was pharmaceutical giant Pfizer with 181 offshore subsidiaries through which it funneled $192.57 billion (£151.2 billion) of income. The report also highlighted sports giant Nike which holds $10.57 billion (£8.3 billion) offshore whilst Goldman Sachs had £21.9 billion in foreign companies. The investment bank had 987 offshore subsidiaries in offshore tax havens, 537 of which are in Cayman Islands despite not operating a single legitimate office in that country. The study was written in the US by pressure group Citizens for Tax Justice and the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy. Matthew Gardner of the ITEP said: ‘The hard fact is that the US tax code incentivizes tax haven abuse by allowing companies to indefinitely defer taxes on offshore profits until they are ‘repatriated.’ ‘The only way to end this kind of tax avoidance is by closing the loopholes in the tax code that enable it’. Apple has a long history of minimising its tax bill through creative arrangements such as funneling its profits through its Irish office. In August, the EU hit the company with a $14.39 billion (£11.3 billion) tax bill because it viewed the ‘sweetheart’ deals with Ireland as a breach of European law. Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook has called attempts to make it pay more tax ‘political crap’ and has said that the company follows all relevant laws.    Share or comment on this article e-mail 7.3k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant In LA 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Kansas congressman to lead the CIA Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their... Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Relief for longest-serving congressman as his 21-year-old son is found safe and well after going missing for... 'I love you folks': Unemployed father 'who shot and killed two Iowa cops' sent a gushing note to police... British computer expert dubbed 'Mr Terror' hacked into US military records and recruited student jihadi in... Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote -... Don't mention the T-word! Obama holds talks with May, Merkel and other European leaders after Trump's shock... Dinner for two: Barack Obama and Angela Merkel share an intimate meal and a chance to reminisce as... Fight brews over attorney general slot as Texas oilmen push for 'Lyin' Ted Cruz but immigration hard-liners... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the... Trump offers retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn job as National Security Adviser: Former intelligence chief and... MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky Manhattan apartment' appear in court charged with murder  The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America 'I hate myself': Mother who filmed her husband sexually abusing their 13-year-old girl breaks down as she comes face to face with her daughter 20 years later EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder Bollywood star is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at Paris apartment close to where Kim Kardashian was robbed 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme Makeover: Home Edition 'gave AWAY their five adopted children after getting home of their dreams'  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns amid Trump transition - ending his 50 year career MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Google goes after iPhone users with pricey Pixel smartphones MARK GURMAN Last updated 08:22, October 5 2016 Reuters Rick Osterloh, of Google, introduces the Pixel Phone by Google. Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple. The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones on Wednesday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the iPhone. However, Kiwis will have to wait a while to get the phones as New Zealand is not on the list of countries getting the phone next month. Reuters The Google Pixel phone will come in two sizes. No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for the smallest option. The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black, silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US). The smaller model, which starts at US$649 for 32-gigabytes of storage, features a 5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769, has a 5.5-inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. A 128-gigabyte storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at US$869 - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus. The models feature high-resolution displays that Google said are sharper than the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos. The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested in-house by Google. Ad Feedback Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched on. Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones to conduct the process. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port their information over from Android gadgets. "Premium is a very important category," Hiroshi Lockheimer, head of Android, said in a recent interview. "It's where Apple is also very strong. Is there room for another player there? We think so." The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a user interface customised by Google. The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to wake up Google's digital Assistant. The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers. The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also debuted on Wednesday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany this month.  - Bloomberg Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Technology story: Vigilante warnings after theft accused has name, pics, address, car rego posted online Technology Homepage Comments Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Vegetarian-only days in NZ Army, schools and hospitals to cut red meat consumption? Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Nerdcast 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Nerdcast: Your 2016 questions answered By Charlie Mahtesian, Scott Bland and Katie Glueck It's time for Episode 31 of the 2016 Nerdcast, POLITICO's podcast on the race for the White House. Updated 11/18/16 09:07 AM EST Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA By Elana Schor, Kyle Cheney and Alex Isenstadt The president-elect starts fleshing out his administration. 11/18/16 08:52 AM EST Kanye West: If I voted, I would have voted for Trump By Louis Nelson Kanye West announced that he did not vote in last week's presidential election, but if he had, he would have voted for Donald Trump. 11/18/16 08:43 AM EST Trumpsition Day 10: Trump taps loyalists, hardliners in new staff picks By Patrick Reis and Matthew Nussbaum Kansas Rep. Mike Pompeo has been offered the position of CIA director, per a transition spokesman. 11/18/16 08:30 AM EST Sessions tapped as attorney general By Jeremy Herb Trump taps Flynn as national security adviser — Congress moves to CR for Trump 11/18/16 08:00 AM EST Trump-land mindmeld By Ben White and Andrew Hanna A different view on Wall Street and Trump — MM vs. Kudlow — Troubled waters 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST Trump takes credit for keeping Ford plant in U.S. that wasn't leaving By Louis Nelson Ford was never planning to move the facility in question to Mexico. 11/18/16 07:59 AM EST SESSIONS TAPPED FOR ATTORNEY GENERAL – Republicans ready to play hardball on Supreme Court – REP. TIM RYAN CHALLENGING PELOSI – Lawmakers nearing deal on CR Longtime Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped as President-elect Donald Trump’s attorney general, Bloomberg reports this morning. 11/18/16 07:54 AM EST Reports: Trump picks Sessions for attorney general By Matthew Nussbaum Sessions, an early Trump supporter and staunch opponent of illegal immigration. 11/18/16 07:38 AM EST ILLINOIS’ SHAMEFUL secret of abuse -- O’HARE STRIKE threat over THANKSGIVING -- DURKIN calls out MADIGAN DURKIN calls out MADIGAN 11/18/16 07:32 AM EST 44 to 45: Comparing the Trump transition to Obama’s By Henry C. Jackson and Brent Griffiths On Thursday, Nov. 14, 2008 President-elect Barack Obama announced he would resign his Senate seat effective Sunday Nov. 18. 11/18/16 07:30 AM EST DE BLASIO tries a do-over after 2016 campaign flop -- TIMES gets Trump bump -- SUNY POLY turnover continues SUNY POLY turnover continues 11/18/16 07:18 AM EST PASSAIC mayor pleads guilty in kickback scheme -- CHRISTIE, in snub to GUADAGNO, talks about staying -- NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY NJ and NY fight at PORT AUTHORITY 11/18/16 07:09 AM EST ROMNEY meeting with TRUMP this weekend -- KARYN POLITO’s private island -- ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call ERNIE BOCH JR. still waiting on Trump’s call 11/18/16 07:06 AM EST OVERHEARD AT TOSCA -- Pelosi’s challenge -- TRUMP versus Ford on keeping jobs in the U.S. -- DAVID BROCK’s new project -- DAVID REMNICK interviews Obama -- JARED KUSHNER profile -- B’DAY: Megyn Kelly By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman 11/18/16 07:00 AM EST As state GOP chair’s race begins, senior Trump advisor Wiles praises (doesn’t endorse) Ingoglia – Morgan breaks silence, takes dig at Putnam – Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin Scott (again) says he’s not joining Trump admin The Friday Cover 11/18/16 06:30 AM EST The Friday Cover: What Trump Voters Want Now — The blue-collar workers who put him in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? 11/18/16 05:22 AM EST 2018 showdown looms: House Republicans vs. Democratic senators By Elana Schor and Burgess Everett Reps. Ryan Zinke and Kevin Cramer eye Senate bids in friendly territory represented by Democrats. Cartoon Carousel 11/18/16 05:19 AM EST The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics By POLITICO Staff 11/18/16 05:15 AM EST Judicial Crisis Network already running ads ahead of Trump SCOTUS pick By Burgess Everett The ad may end up being just the opening salvo in what could be a bruising confirmation fight. The Friday Cover 11/18/16 05:11 AM EST What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse The blue-collar workers who put Donald Trump in the White House are ready for him to deliver. How much time will they give him? Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:10 AM EST In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit By Annie Karni Trump's son-in-law has a reputation for trusting his own judgment over expert advice, and believing he has a 'golden touch.' Congress 11/18/16 05:06 AM EST GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees By Burgess Everett Republicans warn that Democratic obstruction of Trump’s pick will come at a steep — possibly historic — price. Presidential Transition 11/18/16 05:02 AM EST Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart By Isaac Arnsdorf and Taylor Gee Under White House rules, Donald Trump's chief strategist would have to steer clear of the alt-right website he oversaw. 11/18/16 12:04 AM EST Cordell Hull addresses Congress: Nov. 18, 1943 By Andrew Glass During World War II, on this day in 1943, Secretary of State Cordell Hull became the first Cabinet officer ever to address a joint meeting of Congress. 11/17/16 11:47 PM EST Ivanka Trump sits in on meeting with Japanese prime minister By Cristiano Lima Her inclusion comes as Trump faces questions about how he plans to wall off his business ventures from the White House. Updated 11/17/16 10:03 PM EST Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn By Bryan Bender The retired lieutenant general’s hardline views on Islam — as well as laudatory statements about Russia — have made him a lightning rod, as did his strident... 11/17/16 08:44 PM EST 45 After Dark: Getting a MOU on edition By Henry C. Jackson Trump’s transition team has all its paperwork in for a memorandum of understanding with the White House. Updated 11/17/16 08:16 PM EST Obama: We must guard against fake news By Brent Griffiths President Barack Obama’s concern comes as Facebook and Google grapple with how to try to fix how their algorithms. What Works 11/17/16 08:14 PM EST From Dumping Ground to Locavore Heaven By Mark Peterson and Taylor Gee What Works 11/17/16 08:12 PM EST America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard A decades-long commitment to sustainability has paid off with cheap electricity—and some pretty great homegrown food. What Works 11/17/16 08:10 PM EST ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey Vermont has accepted thousands of refugees over the years, boosting the population and the economy. A debate over accepting Syrians put the state to the... 11/17/16 08:02 PM EST Report: Flynn offered role as national security adviser The AP cites a a senior Trump official, who wouldn't confirm whether Michael Flynn had accepted the post. Presidential Transition 11/17/16 07:51 PM EST David Brock gathering donors to ‘kick Donald Trump’s ass’ By Kenneth P. Vogel The Clinton enforcer is launching Koch brothers-like donor network to rebuild liberal power. Presidential Transition 11/17/16 07:04 PM EST Trump's appointment of son-in-law could rest on Clinton precedent By Josh Gerstein In the early '90s, an appeals court suggested that anti-nepotism laws didn't bar Hillary from the White House health task force. History Dept. 11/17/16 06:59 PM EST The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz 'Don't smile too much or they'll think think we're happy about the appointment,' Senator John F. Kennedy told his younger brother, Robert. It was late... 11/17/16 06:50 PM EST Bolton calls regime change the 'only long-term solution' in Iran By Madeline Conway “The ayatollahs are the principle threat to international peace and security in the Middle East,” Bolton says. 11/17/16 06:34 PM EST Trump plans Jersey getaway weekend By Henry C. Jackson The Trump National Golf Club is based in Bedminister, New Jersey. 11/17/16 06:12 PM EST Trump team files final paperwork to get federal transition started By Nancy Cook The document basically kicks off the transfer of power from one administration to the next. 11/17/16 06:01 PM EST Tim Ryan to challenge Pelosi for minority leader 11/17/16 05:56 PM EST Lobbyists scoff at Trump's five-year ban By Isaac Arnsdorf Insiders say it will scare off top talent and encourage unregistered "shadow lobbying." Updated 11/17/16 05:46 PM EST Tim Ryan to challenge Pelosi for minority leader By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan "Keeping our leadership team completely unchanged will simply lead to more disappointment," the Ohio Democrat says. Presidential Transition 11/17/16 05:38 PM EST Trump's new world order By Nahal Toosi Russia and China appear emboldened, while Mexico strikes a defensive posture, with two months still left until Trump takes power. Updated 11/17/16 05:18 PM EST Trump calms the chaos By Shane Goldmacher and Andrew Restuccia After days of turmoil, the president-elect's transition team brings some order to the massive job of taking over the federal government. Congress 11/17/16 05:15 PM EST Who is Tim Ryan? By Kyle Cheney A former football star from the Rust Belt who wrote a book about meditation is challenging Nancy Pelosi for minority leader. 11/17/16 04:26 PM EST Sessions confirms Trump and Romney to meet 11/17/16 04:22 PM EST Sessions confirms Trump and Romney to meet By Brent Griffiths and Alex Isenstadt "I think it's good that the president-elect is meeting with people like Romney,” Sessions says. 11/17/16 04:10 PM EST Mnuchin-founded company accused of housing discrimination By Lorraine Woellert In 2015, when non-white minorities made up nearly 62 percent of the population in greater Los Angeles, they received 18.5 percent of CIT mortgages. 11/17/16 03:55 PM EST Israeli ambassador to U.S. vouches for Trump, Bannon By Matthew Nussbaum Bannon has been the source of intense controversy since he was named to a top White House post by Trump. 11/17/16 03:43 PM EST Obama to Trump: Time to get serious You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us WATCH LIVE: Tech in the next administration: An interview with US CTO Megan Smith Share on Twitter In Jared Kushner, Trump finds a kindred spirit GOP could nuke filibuster for Supreme Court nominees Ethics rules bar Bannon from helping Breitbart What Trump Voters Want Now Trump offers national security adviser post to Michael Flynn Trump taps Sessions for attorney general, Pompeo for CIA Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print A job ad — deleted last week — sought a legal counsel specializing in health care data privacy and FDA compliance. | AP Photo Rumors, expectations surround Apple expansion into health care By Darius Tahir 10/04/16 03:30 PM EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Apple appears to be preparing a major move into the health care industry, expanding from its platform of fitness and clinical trial enrollment apps into an area that could include FDA-regulated sensors, advanced clinical decision support and even electronic health records. The tech giant is cementing partnerships with big health systems and hiring scores of health care professionals. While the company is keeping mum about its plans, techie fans hope Apple will become the agent of transformation that makes patients, rather than providers or EHR vendors, the guardians of health data. Story Continued Below A 2014 report identified half a dozen prominent biomedical executives and experts at Apple. A search of the social network LinkedIn found that its staff has ballooned to at least 98 professionals engaged in health care or with significant medical backgrounds. The current roster includes 22 staff with expertise in medical devices, for example, and 17 medical sensor experts. The staff include a designer who made a package of sensors and software to assess whether the sounds of one’s joints indicate osteoporosis, and an individual with expertise in atrial fibrillation. Ten members of the group have EHR backgrounds, suggesting that the company may be designing better record software. Bloomberg reported last week that Apple was interested in building EHRs and decision-support software. Some of the company’s current job listings included a business development executive with experience in corporate wellness; a data visualization expert to create software that “respects users’ privacy while giving them the ability to gain insights from health data;” and a “transformation business executive” to package Apple (and partners’) products as health care solutions. A job ad — deleted last week — sought a legal counsel specializing in health care data privacy and FDA compliance. In December 2013, the company met with FDA, and notes from the meeting indicated it was trying to understand how to release useful products that would not be subject to regulation. The listing could indicate an interest in releasing regulated products. Should the company seek to release FDA-regulated products, or use its products as a platform for other companies building agency-regulated products, partnerships with academic medical centers and big hospitals would be helpful. The company took the first steps in this direction last year with its ResearchKit release, which allowed investigators and companies to build clinical trial apps into the iPhone. By all reports, the kit has been successful at speeding the enrollment of clinical trial subjects in the many academic institutions and biomedical companies that have used it in their research. “I’m not sure they knew ResearchKit would take off like this,” said Ray Dorsey, a University of Rochester neurologist working on the mPower study, which has recruited thousands of Parkinson's disease patients. Some senior academics in health IT are curiously mum about Apple’s evident expansion, citing partnerships with the Cupertino, Calif.-based company. Eric Topol of Scripps Translational Science Institute said his institute had a partnership with Apple related to the Precision Medicine Initiative, but wouldn’t go into further detail. John Halamka, CIO of Beth Israel Deaconess, said he was under a non-disclosure agreement when asked about a clinical trials partnership. Figuring out Apple’s ultimate vision is difficult. CEO Tim Cook has suggested patients could use more information and technological guidance, saying that just as dashboard lights signal the need for an oil change, so too an app could signal various health problems to patients. Such a device would require sensors that aren’t currently part of the Apple platform, but tea leaves suggest that more such devices are coming. A coder at the company said on his LinkedIn page that he was building “a platform, a set of API's, and a simple product that will bring what we believe will be a disruptive consumer healthcare application to the U.S. for the first time.” A Texas doctor on LinkedIn said he was doing beta testing for an Apple app by “[p]roviding insight and perspectives regarding what is lacking in the IT world of medicine.” Apple has already made tentative steps into personal health record storage: users can download record summaries from their providers onto their iPhones. But the phone’s software doesn’t “parse” the records into distinct elements. It downloads each record in one gulp, and doesn’t sort out new and duplicated data. Unhappiness with EHR technology has led consumer advocates and health IT advocates to push for personal health recordkeeping. The construction of a consumer product that aggregated patient health and fitness data, and offered nudges when appropriate, would fulfill many fond wishes from policymakers. A large part of the meaningful use program has focused on enabling patients to view, download, or transmit their data. Patients haven’t shown much interest so far, however. An October 2015 data brief from ONC showed that 38 percent of patients had been offered access to their record, with 55 percent of that group taking advantage of the offer at least once. Experts argue about whether patients just don’t care, or the technology isn’t appealing enough to draw them in. Policymakers have, to some degree, pushed on: the third stage of meaningful use requires EHR vendors to certify their use of open APIs, essentially contracts allowing users to get to their data, with the goal of facilitating patient access to records they can then transport to favored apps. There have been some worries about whether these contracts would be standardized, which would enable developers to easily connect to EHR vendors. Last week, however, representatives from Epic, Cerner and Allscripts announced that their APIs would use the FHIR standard — meaning they would be open and standardized, a fact that former U.S. Chief Technology Officer Aneesh Chopra crowed about at an Friday event in Washington. Those kinds of APIs would enable interoperability in a clinical setting and speed the Precision Medicine Initiative, Chopra said. As envisioned by President Barack Obama, volunteers to the initiative should be able to sign up from anywhere and contribute their data remotely — a chore that’s a lot easier with a smartphone serving as an aggregating middleman. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Darius Tahir dtahir@politico.com This story tagged under: eHealth Show Comments Politico Magazine ‘My Language Is My Language, But I’m a Vermonter’ By Erick Trickey The Bitter Feud Behind the Law That Could Keep Jared Kushner Out of the White House By Josh Zeitz America’s First All-Renewable-Energy City By Colin Woodard The Return of ‘Inner Circle’ Frenzy By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Google launches Pixel smartphone in hardware push News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Google launches Pixel smartphone in hardware push Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware on Tuesday, launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. Posted 05 Oct 2016 03:13 Updated 05 Oct 2016 16:44 VIDEOS PHOTOS Please enable Javascript to watch this video Google pushes deep into hardware with new Wifi, Chromecast, Home, and Pixel smartphone devices at a press event in San Francisco, California. (Glenn CHAPMAN/AFP) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SAN FRANCISCO: Google opened fire on rivals Apple, Samsung and Amazon in a new push into hardware on Tuesday (Oct 4), launching premium-priced Pixel smartphones and a slew of other devices showcasing artificial intelligence prowess. The unveiling of Google's in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded hardware move by the US giant, which also revealed details of its new "home assistant," virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router system. The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is leading a major push to make Google Assistant artificial intelligence a futuristic force spanning all kinds of internet-linked devices. Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said the new devices were part of Google's strategy to bring artificial intelligence to a range of new devices. "We are evolving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world," he said, adding that the latest push is an extension of the Google search capacity by assisting consumers in finding and organising information. "Our goal is to build a personal Google for each and every user." Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet giant, added, "We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the centre." Pixel will be available with a five- or 5.5-inch display, starting at US$649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the United States. MADE BY GOOGLE Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple. Until now, Google's flagship devices had used the Nexus brand with hardware partners that have included China's Huawei and South Korea's LG. The California group also sought to expand in the smartphone market by purchasing Motorola in 2011, but sold the unit less than three years later. "Google today demonstrated that it's finally serious about hardware," said Jan Dawson at Jackdaw Research. "The Pixel phones are clearly being positioned as peers to the iPhone." The new Pixel phone is "the first phone made by Google inside and out," said Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem. Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the company's new Daydream virtual reality platform. Pixel has a "smart" camera which can select the best images from a stream, and a program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at winning over iPhone users. Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said it may be challenging for Google to gain market share. "Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone 7th generation phones," Moorhead said. "They don't exactly swing anyone around the room." APPLE'S WORLD Gartner analyst Brian Blau said that "the most exciting part of the announcement today was the assistant," which showcases Google's strength in artificial intelligence. "It's a different tactic from Google, taking the stance that they want to have that direct relationship with their customers," Blau told AFP. "It is clearly a step into Apple's world" of controlling hardware and software and services, he added. Pixel will be sold through US carrier Verizon and telecom groups, and available at Google's online shop unlocked. As part of its expanded hardware push, Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset that compatible smartphones can be slipped into to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes. Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November, priced at US$79. Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that lets a set of inter-connected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals strong in all spots. "Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home," said Google executive Mario Queiroz. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant that will be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices. Google described Home as a voice-activated assistant that lets people tap into the company's online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks, control devices in homes, stream videos and more. The US$129 Google Home device be available in retail shops on Nov 4. - AFP/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 The In-Between Macs My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store ‘Spoken Editions’ Section Makes Official Debut on iTunes→ Linked By Graham Spencer Roger Fingas, writing for AppleInsider: Following a false start in September, Apple on Monday launched an expected "Spoken Editions" section on the iTunes Store, letting people hear audio versions of written content from online publishers. The section currently includes articles from over 40 sources, such as Reuters, Wired, IGN, Jezebel, Playboy, and the Huffington Post. People can also access the material from Apple's dedicated Podcasts app. I like this idea, and could see myself subscribing to some Spoken Editions when it expands to other publications, particularly those in Australia. I listened to a few Spoken Edition articles, and whilst the recording quality was generally quite good, I was a little surprised to hear some obvious pronunciation errors and general reading mistakes which hadn't been edited out. The Spoken Editions are featured on the front page of the Podcasts section of the US iTunes Store, but they are also accessible via this link (which will also work even if you are outside the US). Source: appleinsider.com Tags: itunes, itunes store, Spoken Editions ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Google goes after iPhone users with pricey Pixel smartphones Last updated 12:20, October 5 2016 REUTERS Google makes a new hardware push and attempts to take on Apple with their Pixel phone, complete with a 12.3 mega pixel rear-facing camera. Jillian Kitchener reports. Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple. The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones on Wednesday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month. No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for the smallest option. Reuters The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco. The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black, silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US). READ MORE: Google's Pixel may be cool, but what's the point? The smaller model, which starts at US$649 (NZ$900) for 32GB of storage, features a 5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 (NZ$1070), has a 5.5-inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. Reuters The new Pixel phone will come in three colours. A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at US$869 (NZ$1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus. The models feature high-resolution displays that Google said are sharper than the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos. The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched on. Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones to conduct the process. Reuters Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port their information over from Android gadgets. Ad Feedback The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a user interface customised by Google. The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to wake up Google's digital Assistant. The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers. The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also debuted on Wednesday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany this month. Reuters Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 online. VR HEADSET Google's own virtual-reality headset is called Daydream View. It will differ from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. Daydream is a challenge to more sophisticated systems from Facebook's Oculus business, HTC and Sony - as well as to Google's own Cardboard effort. Cardboard is cheap - available for as little as US$15 - but it doesn't offer much control over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your head. The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod, a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences. Although Google will make its own Daydream headset, it plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers. Google says 50 partners are bringing apps and games to Daydream, with more on the way. Google services such as photos, YouTube and Street View maps will also come to Daydream. Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79 (NZ$110). HOME DEVICE Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play music or perform other useful tasks.  Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 (NZ$180)online.  Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command. 4K CHROMECAST Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix and other online video on big screens. The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher-resolution format called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 (NZ$100). Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email, Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV. GOOGLE ASSISTANT Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their use of its software. A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and every user". Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device and their smartphone. Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't always live up to their early promises. On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a lot".  But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. - Bloomberg and AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Gadgets story: Google's Pixel may be cool, but what's the point? Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Quake rubberneckers turned away Live: 7.8 New Zealand quake Earthquake warning system Top 5 plays of the week Hands-on: 360-degree cameras AI to 'blow the roof off of education' Online rights are on the decline NZ's first self-drive vehicle demo SingularityU: The future of medicine Bug sending phone data to China Tinder has 37 new gender options Nintendo's new console scarce India top for selfie deaths Prepare to be disrupted, futurists warn An optimist on the future of energy Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Vegetarian-only days in NZ Army, schools and hospitals to cut red meat consumption? Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out technology Search Digital Living Gadgets Games Social Networking Apps Google goes after iPhone users with pricey Pixel smartphones Last updated 12:20, October 5 2016 REUTERS Google makes a new hardware push and attempts to take on Apple with their Pixel phone, complete with a 12.3 mega pixel rear-facing camera. Jillian Kitchener reports. Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple. The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones on Wednesday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the iPhone. However, Kiwis might have to wait a while to get the phones as New Zealand is not on a list of countries getting the phones next month. No New Zealand prices are available, but Kiwis can expect to pay about $1000 for the smallest option. Reuters The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco. The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black, silver, or blue (a limited edition for the US). READ MORE: Google's Pixel may be cool, but what's the point? The smaller model, which starts at US$649 (NZ$900) for 32GB of storage, features a 5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at US$769 (NZ$1070), has a 5.5-inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. Reuters The new Pixel phone will come in three colours. A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at US$869 (NZ$1200) - also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus. The models feature high-resolution displays that Google said are sharper than the iPhones', along with 12MP rear cameras, 8MP front cameras, and Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos. The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested in-house by Google. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched on. Google included a physical adaptor in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones to conduct the process. Reuters Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port their information over from Android gadgets. Ad Feedback The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a user interface customised by Google. The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to wake up Google's digital Assistant. The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers. The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also debuted on Wednesday. The Pixel phones will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany this month. Reuters Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 online. VR HEADSET Google's own virtual-reality headset is called Daydream View. It will differ from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. Daydream is a challenge to more sophisticated systems from Facebook's Oculus business, HTC and Sony - as well as to Google's own Cardboard effort. Cardboard is cheap - available for as little as US$15 - but it doesn't offer much control over VR environments beyond pushing a button on the headset as you move your head. The new wireless motion controller for Daydream can function like a fishing rod, a steering wheel or a pointer to permit more sophisticated VR experiences. Although Google will make its own Daydream headset, it plans to share design guidelines with other manufacturers. Google says 50 partners are bringing apps and games to Daydream, with more on the way. Google services such as photos, YouTube and Street View maps will also come to Daydream. Daydream View and the controller will be out in November for US$79 (NZ$110). HOME DEVICE Like the Pixel phones, the Home device uses the digital Google Assistant service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play music or perform other useful tasks.  Google said the Home device will sell for roughly US$130 (NZ$180)online.  Along with answering questions and playing music, the device can be used to control streaming video through Google's Chromecast device, at voice command. 4K CHROMECAST Google is updating its Chromecast video-streaming device for watching Netflix and other online video on big screens. The new device, Chromecast Ultra, will support a higher-resolution format called 4K. Ultra will cost about US$70 (NZ$100). Chromecast's low price has won over a lot of households. But you need a companion phone to play, pause and fast forward video, disrupting email, Facebook and other tasks you might want to do while watching TV. GOOGLE ASSISTANT Google is hoping the new Pixel phones and gadgets will be distinguished by their use of its software. A central element of all the new gadgets is the Google Assistant, which uses artificial intelligence to deliver what chief executive Sundar Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and every user". Pichai said the company's goal is to let customers interact "naturally and seamlessly" with artificial intelligence through devices like the Home device and their smartphone. Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive tasks, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights and Strategy cautioned that similar services, which include Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana, don't always live up to their early promises. On the other hand, Moorhead said that Google was smart to emphasise the performance of the new smartphone cameras, since "consumers care about this a lot".  But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. - Bloomberg and AP Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next Gadgets story: Google's Pixel may be cool, but what's the point? Technology Homepage Comments technology headlines Quake rubberneckers turned away Live: 7.8 New Zealand quake Earthquake warning system Top 5 plays of the week Hands-on: 360-degree cameras AI to 'blow the roof off of education' Online rights are on the decline NZ's first self-drive vehicle demo SingularityU: The future of medicine Bug sending phone data to China Tinder has 37 new gender options Nintendo's new console scarce India top for selfie deaths Prepare to be disrupted, futurists warn An optimist on the future of energy Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.8 New Zealand earthquake Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by 'Tragic death' at childcare centre on Auckland's North Shore Woman's acts with dog 'repulsive': judge Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Car totalled after crashing into collapsed Kaikoura bridge Wellington landlords warned about building safety as confusion continues over CBD The earthquake from an engineer's perspective Traffic on SH7 expected to quadruple while SH1 is repaired Eyewitnesses describe terrifying scenes at Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire Earthquake creates a new geographical landmark in Hurunui Nelson man cooks crayfish for Kaikoura earthquake refugees Vegetarian-only days in NZ Army, schools and hospitals to cut red meat consumption? Finding out how much the Earth moved during massive earthquake How are we supposed to sleep? Tenants abandon property leaving huge piles of rubbish First mass land-based support arrives in Kaikoura Quake action formed Hanmer Springs but latest quake passed it by Earthquake: Northeast South Island coastline rose by up to two metres, GeoNet estimates Housing NZ staff evacuated, Reading Cinema car park still closed after quake special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
null

Go Friday 18 November 2016 News Nigeria Africa World Metro EFCC secures conviction of serial hacker 28 mins ago  Nigeria Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Confirm Justice Onnoghen as CJN 10 hours ago 1  Editorial Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money ‘NAHCO workers connived in narcotic export attempt’ 10 hours ago 2  Aviation Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology NCC, telecom consumers, service providers interact over quality servicey 1 hour ago  Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Rooney in a fix as Arsenal gun for Man United 5 mins ago  Football Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Judge awards $36 mn to estate of Whitney Houston's daughter 2 hours ago  Music Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Ondo PDP crisis: Court of Appeal adjourns indefinitely 14 mins ago  Policy & Politics More Sections Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Technology  |  Gadgets   Google unveils Pixel smartphone in hardware push By AFP   |   04 October 2016   |   4:50 pm Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email SAN FRANCISCO, CA – OCTOBER 04: Pichai Sundararajan, known as Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google Inc. speaks during an event to introduce Google Pixel phone and other Google products on October 4, 2016 in San Francisco, California. The Google Pixel is intended to challenge the Apple iPhone in the premium smartphone category. Ramin Talaie/Getty Images/AFP Ramin Talaie / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA / AFP Google on Tuesday launched its Pixel smartphone with built-in assistant as the tech giant made a direct challenge to the iPhone with its own branded, premium-priced handset. The unveiling of Google’s in-house designed phone came as part of an expanded push into hardware by the US firm, which also revealed details of its new “home assistant,” virtual reality headset and Wi-Fi router. The San Francisco event marked a shift in strategy for Google, which is leading a major push of its artificial intelligence software, Google Assistant, centered around its new smartphones and other devices. “We are building hardware with the Google Assistant at its core,” said Rick Osterloh, head of a new hardware division at the California-based internet giant. “We believe that the next big innovation is going to take place at the intersection of hardware and software, with AI at the center.” Pixel smartphone will be available with a five-inch display or a 5.5 inch display, starting at $649 for US customers, at similar prices to the latest iPhone models. Pre-orders began on Tuesday in Australia, Canada, Germany, Britain, and the United States. Google, by using its own name on handsets, is aiming for a bigger slice of a competitive smartphone market dominated by Samsung and Apple. – ‘Google inside and out’ – “It’s the first phone made by Google inside and out,” said Sabrina Ellis of the Pixel product management team. By producing both the hardware and Android software, Google is making a more direct assault on Apple and its tightly controlled ecosystem. Along with being the first smartphone to ship with Google Assistant, it will come with unlimited storage for photos and videos and be compatible with the company’s new Daydream virtual reality platform. Pixel has a “smart” camera which can select the best images from a stream, and a program to make it easy for users to switch operating systems, a move aimed at winning over iPhone users. But Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said it may be challenging for Google to gain significant market share. “Aside from the camera, the new Google Pixels are pretty undifferentiated compared to Samsung and iPhone 7th generation phones,” Moorhead said. “They don’t exactly swing anyone around the room.” Google announced an exclusive deal with US telecom provider Verizon for Pixel sales and said it would also be available through carriers in other countries. Versions for sale at Google’s online shop are “unlocked” to work with various carriers. As part of its expanded hardware push, Google also showed off a new Daydream View headset that compatible smartphones can be slipped into to serve as screens for virtual reality experiences. View headsets are made of soft cloth, purportedly inspired by casual clothes. Daydream View bundled with a controller device will be available in November, priced at $79. Google added to the coming hardware line-up with a modular Wi-Fi system that lets a set of inter-connected mini-modems be spread around homes to make signals strong in all spots. “Unlike a single, central router, multiple Google Wi-Fi points do a better job of delivering connectivity to all parts of the home,” said Google executive Mario Queiroz. The internet giant also introduced its Google Home virtual assistant that will be a direct challenge to popular Amazon Echo devices. Google described Home as a voice-activated cyber assistant that lets people tap into the company’s online capabilities to answer questions, manage tasks, control devices in homes, stream videos and more. Google Home was priced at $129, with pre-orders starting in the United States on Tuesday. Google Home will begin shipping and be available in retail shops on November 4. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: GooglePixelsmartphone You may also like Patronise made-in-Nigeria software, ISPON urges government, private sector 4 Oct  Technology Yahoo launches 'Newsroom' for hot topics 4 Oct  Technology Apple still a star without Steve Jobs, but doubts linger 4 Oct  Technology Latest Rooney in a fix as Arsenal gun for Man United 9 mins ago  Sport Ondo PDP crisis: Court of Appeal adjourns indefinitely 18 mins ago  Policy & Politics Atletico seek Real revenge in last Calderon derby 26 mins ago  Sport EFCC secures conviction of serial hacker 31 mins ago  Nigeria 'New Vardy' set for Leicester return at Watford 58 mins ago  Sport More   Communication NIPOST part of knowledge based economy, digital convergence - Adegbuyi 11 hours ago   Lack of trained manpower hobbles cybercrime law implementation 11 hours ago   WINsiders4good offers problem solving Apps 12 hours ago   GSMA seeks governments, regulators collaboration on a global spectrum plan 12 hours ago   Intracom telecom supplies streetnode to MTN for trial 12 hours ago   Top News Nigeria Africa World Metro Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Aspire By Zenith Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Guardian Life Home Lifestyle Showbiz Trending LS Diaries On The Cover The Guardian Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2016 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Login | Join Apps Facebook Twitter Radio Live 3Now View Shows ° ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Paul Henry Weekdays 6am Newshub Live Nightly 6pm Story Mon-Fri 7pm Newshub Late Mon-Fri 10:30pm The Nation Sat 9:30am / Sun 10am NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather Online Radio Live Catch up on 3 Now TV Shows Crime Education Americas Europe Asia Africa Middle East Australia/Pacific Politics Health Cricket League Netball Basketball Motorsports Rugby Football Golf Tennis Other sports Markets Energy North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Breaking News 'Best phone camera ever' on Google Pixel By Matt Burrows and Tony Field Wednesday 5 Oct 2016 7:15 a.m. Share this story A day after Google's latest foray into the world of smartphones was leaked, the company has officially revealed its new device - which, considering its impressive camera quality, has aptly been called a Pixel. The Pixel is Google's first self-branded phone and they've commenced their newfound rivalry with Apple and Samsung with a bang, unveiling a camera that eclipses anything on the iPhone or Galaxy. At an event in San Francisco, the head of Google's product management Brian Rakowski revealed that the Pixel has the highest-ranked camera of any smartphone in history, according to image rating quality website DxO Mark. Thanks to the Google Pixel's F2.0 aperture, 12-megapixel sensor, video stabilisation, smartburst and low shutter lag features, they've given the Google Pixel a rating of 89 - three points higher than the previous best, the iPhone 7. The smartphone comes in two types - the 5-inch Pixel and the 5.5-inch Pixel XL, a variability that mirrors Apple's option of either an iPhone or iPhone Plus model. The basic Pixel will retail in the United States for US$649 (NZ$900). The phones will initially only be available in the US, the UK, Australia, Germany and Canada. A release date has not been confirmed for New Zealand. Notably, the phones have been designed in-house, unlike its previous phones which were designed in collaboration with outside partners. It's understood the phones will be manufactured by HTC. The phones will run on a new version of the Android system, so they will be going head-to-head against Samsung - but Google will also be hoping to encourage some of Apple's customers to switch. To encourage customers to buy the phones Google is offering unlimited cloud storage for photos and high-resolution video, echoing a similar strategy announced back in 2004, to win email market share. Google is also launching a virtual reality headset called Daydream VR. It will sell in the United States for US$79 (NZ$110), pitching against Samsung's Gear VR headset. The move into the phone and VR markets is part of Google's push towards AI. Google's new VR feature will be able to be used with the Pixel. Other announcements made at the event on Wednesday morning (NZT) include Google Home, which is similar to other existing smart television features and will go head-to-head with Amazon's Echo service, and a new, high-definition Chromecast Ultra. Newshub. RadioLIVE returns to quake-hit Kaikoura Airbnb starts tour services, Queenstown launch next year Fonterra lifts forecast milk price Vancouver hits empty houses with new tax Self-driving car hits the road in Tauranga #Markets #Google #Android #Information Technology #Mobile #Business Share this story Most popular Year without Jonah ' toughest year of our lives' US Navy welcomed with roaring haka Kiwis deliver emotive haka to Liverpool players 'I'm not a hip hop artist' - Aaradhna refuses award Trending 'I'm not a hip hop artist' - Aaradhna refuses award 93pct chance of magnitude 6+ aftershock - GeoNet Child dies at Auckland childcare facility Police 'concerned' 11yo's attacker still on the loose US Navy welcomed with roaring haka New Zealand World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather RSS Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Advertise with us   |   Copyright © 2016 MediaWorks TV. All Rights Reserved. Version BED 2.8.30.1356
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian Tips iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-04: Goodbye Home Button, Hello macOS Sierra Auto-download Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 4th, 2016 1:10 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast There’s an Apple patent that shows the iPhone’s Home button is going away. Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to share their thoughts on the future of the Home button, plus they look at what’s up with Apple auto-downloading macOS Sierra to user’s computers. MP3 Feed Feedback TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-04: Goodbye Home Button, Hello macOS Sierra Auto-download 1:10 PM Oct. 4th, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) There’s an Apple patent that shows the iPhone’s Home button is going away. Bryan Chaffin and Dave Hamilton join Jeff Gamet to share their thoughts... Sponsors SmartBackup 4 from Solesignal gets you faster backups, clones, and synced folders because it’s multi-threaded and optimized for SSD, Flash storage, and RAID systems. Download your free trial at the Solesignal website. Apple’s full-screen Touch ID patent macOS Sierra Now Auto-downloading, but not Auto-installing TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $109.76 -0.18 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials 4718 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1475586624 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Spongebob's 'Soul' And Other Weird Stuff Selling On Facebook By Garett Sloane - 1 hour ago Array 0 See the Spot: Chase Taps Social Media Family to Push Digital Banking By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 1 hour ago Array 0 Olympics Push Fails to Ignite NBC's 'Timeless'; ABC's 'Conviction' Is D.O.A. By Anthony Crupi - 1 hour ago Array 0 Gannett, Tronc Talks Advance After Bridging Valuation Gap 1 hour ago Array 0 Aline Santos: Why Unilever Is Banishing Stereotypes 2 hours ago Array 0 Olympics Push Fails to Ignite NBC's 'Timeless,' 'Conviction' Is D.O.A. on ABC By Anthony Crupi - 1 hour ago 0 Google Debuts the Pixel Phone With Multi-Market Campaign From Droga5 By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 hours ago 0 Thank Clinton and Trump for Pushing Back Christmas Creep This Year By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 3 hours ago 0 Anonymous Content Assembles an Army of Celebrities to Encourage Voter Turnout By Ann-Christine Diaz - 7 hours ago 0 What Facebook's Carolyn Everson Tells Marketers About Their Culture By Garett Sloane - 8 hours ago 0 Tennessee Tourism Offers Free Tickets to Garth Brooks Show in Snapchat Launch By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Location Tracking and the Trouble With 'Opting In' By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Fiery Phones, Exploding Washers Take Samsung Brand Through the Wringer. Can It Recover? By Beth Snyder Bulik - Yesterday 0 Behind the Alcohol-Only Shop Winning MillerCoors, Diageo Biz By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Lady Gaga Signs With Bud Light for New Campaign By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Google Goes After Apple, Amazon With New Pixel Phone, Smart Home Device Published on October 04, 2016. Reprints Reprints Most Popular Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple. The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones on Tuesday: the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the iPhone. The Pixel phones feature thin aluminum and glass frames that come in black, silver, or blue (a limited edition for the U.S.). The smaller model, which starts at $649 for 32-gigabytes of storage, features a 5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at $769, has a 5.5-inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. A 128-gigabyte storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at $869 -- also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus. The models feature high-resolution displays that Google said are sharper than the iPhone, along with 12 mega pixel rear cameras, 8 mega pixel front cameras, and Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google's new Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos. The Pixel phones are the first conceptualized, designed, engineered and tested in-house by Google. Similar to Apple's partnership with Foxconn in China, Google is getting HTC to assemble the Pixel devices, Google's hardware chief Rick Osterloh, said in a recent interview. Related Stories Watch Out, Siri and Alexa: Google's New Digital Assistant Is Here Why Snapchat's Spectacles Can Succeed Where Google Glass Failed Google Ramps Up VR Push Ahead of Hybrid Store, Software Service Daydream's Debut Apple's Messaging Problem: The Headline Is the Headphone Jack Why the New iPhone Risks Becoming New Coke Amazon Rolls Out Alexa-Based Connectivity in Hyundai's Genesis Best Buy Set to be First Mainstream Test for VR Products Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it's first switched on. Google included a physical adapter in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones to conduct the process. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port their information over from Android gadgets. "Premium is a very important category," Hiroshi Lockheimer, head of Android, said in a recent interview. "It's where Apple is also very strong. Is there room for another player there? We think so." The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a user interface customized by Google. The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There's also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to wake up Google's digital Assistant. The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers. The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen's lighting based on time of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also debuted Tuesday. The Pixel phones can be pre-ordered Tuesday via Google's website and will be available in retail stores Oct. 20, according to the company. They will be available in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Canada, and Germany this month, and the phone will arrive in India in November. The phones can be purchased in the U.S. as part of a monthly wireless plan from Verizon, Google said. They can also be bought through Project Fi, Google's own wireless service. Chasing Amazon With Google Home In the two years since Amazon released its Echo speaker, the household device has become a surprise hit -- and a surprise threat to Google, as users turn to the Echo for information from the web. Now Google is trying to strike back. On Tuesday, the internet search giant introduced Google Home, a voice-controlled wireless speaker that looks and acts much like the Echo. The device comes packaged with Google's digital assistant technology, a conversational interface that is becoming increasingly critical to the company as its main business, Search, adjusts to a world without screens. The speaker is integrated with other smart-home devices from Philips, Samsung and Nest, a separate division of Google parent Alphabet. Google Home and the assistant are rolling out nearly two years after the Amazon Echo and its equivalent virtual assistant, Alexa, came to market. Apple is also working on a speaker device integrated with its Siri voice technology. Google hopes its advanced search and artificial-intelligence capabilities will appeal to more consumers in the nascent market for smart home gadgets. Its new device comes out alongside other products that Google designed in-house -- a departure for the company, which has historically worked with hardware partners. Google has tried its own devices before, the most successful being the Chromecast media streaming stick. Google is pricing Home relatively cheaply, a strategy that helped Chromecast's popularity. The new speakers will retail for $129 in the U.S. Amazon's main Echo device sells for $179.99, while a smaller Echo Dot speaker ships for $49.99. In addition to Google Home, Google released an upgraded version of its flagship video streaming device. The new product, Chromecast Ultra, supports TVs that stream in 4K Ultra HD over Wi-Fi networks. Chromecast Ultra will cost $69, more than twice the price of the regular Chromecast device. Daydream View: A Cheaper VR Option Google released a virtual reality headset on Tuesday that's cheaper than other options in the market. Google touted its new 'Daydream View' VR headset, announced in tandem with the Google Pixel introduction. Credit: Google During the event in San Francisco, the Alphabet unit introduced Daydream View, a headset and controller for viewing virtual reality media with a smartphone. At $79, the price is well below products from HTC and Facebook's Oculus, which cost hundreds of dollars. Google has had some success distributing its Cardboard device, an even cheaper VR viewer with fewer capabilities. The new headset will enable a broader range of VR experiences, like gaming and movies. The controller could also help match some of the features of higher-end VR devices. The launch coincides with the release of Daydream, software that Google hopes will replicate the far reach of its Android mobile operating system. By making its VR gadgets cheap, the company aims to get its system used by as many people as possible. Still, the only phone that currently works with Daydream View is Google's new Pixel smartphones, which were also released on Thursday. Google had to meet certain hardware and software requirements, like display latency and heat dissipation, to operate VR on phones, Android chief Hiroshi Lockheimer told Bloomberg in a recent interview. More Android phones will be compatible with the viewer soon, according to the company "The significance of Daydream is it should move the VR theme forward because it raises the hardware bar on phones needed for VR," Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray, wrote in a research note. "In 3-5 years most Android hardware will be Daydream-enabled." Introducing Google Wifi The company also introduced a new hardware system, dubbed Google Wifi, that uses a wireless technology called mesh networks to spread Wi-Fi internet signals more evenly around homes. Google billed the system as an alternative to existing bulkier wireless routers, pitting the search giant against a crop of startups trying to grab their own piece of the market. Last year, Google released a solo router, OnHub. Both products were developed by engineers in an Alphabet unit called Access, which focuses on spreading internet connectivity. But the devices were moved under the company's new hardware chief Rick Osterloh earlier this year. Google Wifi is only sold in the U.S. for now and costs $129 for a single device and $299 for a set of three. That pricing undercuts mesh router systems from companies such as Eero, Ubiquity Networks and Luma, a startup backed by Amazon. -- Bloomberg News In this article: Consumer Electronics Digital Digital Video Mobile Search Technology Telecommunications VR Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian Tips iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → How to Control Which Messages Photos Save to Camera Roll Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Oct 4th, 2016 9:59 AM EST | How-To Messages in iOS 10 changes a fundamental way your iPhone (or iPad) camera works: if you take a photo from the mini-camera widget, it doesn’t save to your camera roll. But if you use the full camera app, it does. Here’s how to understand, manage, and control what gets saved where and what doesn’t get saved in Messages Photos. Apple’s Likely Philosophy People more focused on using Messages as an SMS-like tool are likely to be confused by this change. While researching this, I found many user complaints, including some on Apple’s support site. What I think Apple is going for, though, is something more like SnapChat and other social media networks where moments are meant to be fleeting—captured and forgotten. In addition, there are many times when you might wish to share a photograph with someone, but don’t want that photograph synced to your other devices or to Photo Stream or iCloud Photo Sharing. Rather than thinking of this change as a nuisance, consider it as being empowered with more control over our data in a context-appropriate manner. Plus, it’s still easy to take a picture that does save to your camera roll, as I’ll show below. What Doesn’t Get Saved Open up a chat with someone in the Messages app, like the one below with a goofball named Jeff Gamet. Tap the drawer: iOS 10 Messages Screen (Tap the Arrow) Then tap the camera icon: iOS 10 Messages Screen (Tap the Camera Icon) And you’ll see something like this, though probably with less jade plant: iOS 10 Messages Screen with Camera Open That live preview window is the view through your camera. Some are calling it a mini-camera. I couldn’t find documentation for what Apple calls it, so let’s go with that term. If you take a picture from the mini-camera, the image will be sent to your chat where you can then choose to send it to your friend. You can delete it by tapping the “x” in the corner. Mini-Camera Photo Sent to Your Message Bonus Tip: You can take multiple images this way before sending any of them. Each one will have an “x” for deleting it from the chat. These images are not saved. They are not synced to your other devices (save in the same chat in Messages), and they are not sent out to Photo Stream or iCloud Photo Sharing. They are sent to your friend and off your phone. Unless, that is, you choose to save them one at a time. To do that, tap on a photo in your chat, Share > Save to Camera Roll. Some call that absurd, but I think this new approach is a delightful, added feature. What Will Get Saved The main reason I see it this way is because you also have access to your full camera from inside Messages. If you swipe the mini-camera to the right, you’ll find two icons. One is for your camera, and one is for your Photo Library, as shown below. iOS 10 Messages Camera and Photo Library Icons If you tap Camera, you get the full-screen camera just like you used to in iOS 9 (and earlier). Any photos taken from this screen will be saved to your Camera Roll. Bonus Tip 2: If you swipe to the left, you get your recent photos form your Camera Roll. You May Wish to Think Differently about iMessage Photos I believe the haters view the mini-camera as a reduction in functionality. I see it as a new feature, though, one that sits on top of the old functionality. It’s especially aimed at younger users who live in modern social networking platforms. This aging writer thinks its nifty, too. With iOS 10, Apple has transformed iMessage (and the Messages app) from a best-in-class SMS/texting tool to a bona fide contender as a social media platform. Stickers, Scribbles, heartbeats, kisses, apps, and even fleeting images are all part and parcel to the way many people think about sharing and communicating with the world. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: iMessage, iOS 10, photos 2 Comments Add a comment geoduck October 4, 2016 Will this mini-camera feature appear in any other apps? Notepad fror example? I take a fair number of pictures for work that I need for like 10 minutes. Later I have to go through my library, on each device, and delete these shots from the library. If I could use, for example, Notes and take them there it might be more convenient. Better yet if I could access it from the lock screen… October 4, 2016 at 10:43 EST AM Lee Dronick October 4, 2016 Well that explains why some photos I took yesterday didn’t get saved. Thanks! October 4, 2016 at 11:41 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $109.76 -0.18 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay Recent Tips See All » iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 4683 Bryan Chaffin how-to 2 1475575158 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian Tips iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → Apple TV is Too App-Focused Dave Hamilton @DaveHamilton · +Dave Hamilton Oct 4th, 2016 11:39 AM EST | Editorial Lately I’ve found myself gravitating away from using the Apple TV to watch content, and it’s due entirely to the device’s user interface: Apps get higher billing than they deserve. Don’t get me wrong, the ability to add apps to the Apple TV is one of the platform’s greatest strengths, not to mention that its app market – and development – fully leverages the relative maturity of iOS. Umm.. Where are my shows? On the iPhone it makes sense that the user interface has all your applications front-and-center. There are so many different things you can do with an iPhone that it’s smart to start with the app that will get the job done. On the Apple TV, though, that makes a lot less sense. The vast majority of user interaction with the Apple TV is focused on consuming content. A distant second to that would be playing games. Even further down the line would be using utilities like speed tests and such. Why, then, does my speed test app get equal billing to Netflix? Hey, Siri! I don’t care what app has my favorite shows! Certainly Apple TV needs some way of allowing users to launch a specific app, but that shouldn’t be its home screen. The home screen should highlight and list my favorite content, regardless of which app delivers it. When it’s time to watch House of Cards, I shouldn’t have to stop first and think about what application delivers that content to me. I just want to power up my Apple TV, click “House of Cards” and start watching. Yes, Siri universal search is a step in this direction, but it’s not nearly enough. I have to remember what I want to watch and then convince Siri to bring it to me. What if my wife and I watch five shows and I can’t remember the name of that one about a hospital? If I watched it last week – and in 15 weeks of the last year – it should simply show up on a list, visible when I turn on my Apple TV. Voice isn’t everything I like that Apple is dedicating brainpower and elbow grease towards the concept of a screen-less user interface. Amazon’s Alexa has proven that voice control works. But when you’re about to watch your favorite show on a 60-inch display, it’s pretty safe to assume that you’re going to be OK interacting with the screen. There’s no argument here: a screen is much more efficient at displaying lists to humans than a voice interface ever could be. Steal, Apple. Steal away. The good news is that TiVo has already solved this problem. TiVo’s “My Shows” interface gives me exactly this, and is the reason I gravitate towards using TiVo to watch content instead of using my Apple TV. I use my TiVo remote to select the show I want to watch and it presents me a list of all the services where I can get it. Once I choose that the first time, I can add a “OnePass” to add to My Shows. That’s it. After that it’s always there in My Shows, front-and-center. TiVo’s promo video for OnePass showcases this perfectly. Never once in this process do I have to launch Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu, anything. I just live in the TiVo interface and it hands me off to the in-app page that lets me start playing the specific episode I have chosen. It’s sublime and, frankly, how it should work everywhere. Roku’s “My Feed” does something similar, showing you personalized content inside the Roku interface without having to launch an app. Where’s the Friction? Netflix, Amazon, Hulu and countless other providers are just fine with TiVo and Roku doing this, so there’s no reason they wouldn’t be fine with Apple doing it, too. In fact, Apple could enhance the process by reminding you, “hey, don’t let your Netflix subscription lapse. You watch three shows via that service.” So much opportunity here, and I hope Apple follows in the footsteps of the more mature platforms that exist today. Until then, I highly recommend getting a TiVo. As fun as it is to be a geek and think about apps and all that, when it’s time to be a couch potato I prefer to just think about what I want to watch. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple TV, TiVo 15 Comments Add a comment par7667 October 4, 2016 Totally agree, my daughter wanted to upgrade to the latest hardware but after 1 day decided it wasn’t worth the effort (nothing intuitive about it) and had me put back the original hardware. $200 paperweight is now in a closet. October 4, 2016 at 12:20 EST PM atvrules October 4, 2016 Wow, this is quite the First World problem you’ve discovered. October 4, 2016 at 1:56 EST PM dlstarr7 October 4, 2016 You want an interface that shows you your favorite shows on the main screen, and not have to 1) remember your favorite shows and 2) go into Netflix or Hulu where you will see your recently watched shows? You want a combined list on the main screen? October 4, 2016 at 2:12 EST PM Jamie October 4, 2016 It is a first world problem, atv. So is virtually every other aspect of consumer technology, presumably with some form of which you posted your comment. 😉 I agree, too. The new tvOS interface is a pain to navigate, SO very unintuitive, and frankly, un-Apple-like, and Siri is so awkwardly integrated I just ignore it. Don’t get me started on the crappy remote! The ignored potential of taking gaming seriously is a head scratcher, too. I actually suspect that apps may have been what Steve Jobs was referring to when claimed Apple had finally ‘cracked it’ (television) – I doubt the current iteration is what they had in mind back then. October 4, 2016 at 3:11 EST PM atvrules October 4, 2016 You missed the point, Jamie. This post spends 700+ words milking a single — criticism? annoyance? existential crisis? — that the commenter above you summarized in less than 50. Your own comments on the interface are more expansive, yet more concise, than all this. And consumer technology is what you choose to make of it: don’t you think mobile tech, and things like encryption, are having a global impact? Saving a couple of clicks and a couple of seconds for “couch potatoes,” not so much. October 4, 2016 at 4:39 EST PM pitypot October 4, 2016 Gravitate away from? October 4, 2016 at 6:36 EST PM JustCause October 4, 2016 So basically you want under Search app, Recently Watched. I’d add Recently Opened (apps), Recently Played (games), but in the end it one click less probably. October 4, 2016 at 9:07 EST PM Dave Hamilton October 4, 2016 @JustCause: “So basically you want under Search app, Recently Watched.” Not at all. That would keep the same home screen paradigm alive, and I don’t think that’s best. I want a favorites (and/or Recently Watched) list as my home screen. No clicks. Just right there when I activate my Apple TV. I get it: it’s tough to imagine something different, but anyone who has used TiVo has experienced this. It’s sublime. October 4, 2016 at 10:21 EST PM Hiram Walker October 5, 2016 Hopefully the author is aware that he can move the Apps around on his screen to give top billing to his favorites, and that he can relegate Apps to folders if he wants to group them. Goes a long way to alleviating his complaints. Siri does the rest. I agree that a “recently watched” might help. October 5, 2016 at 8:50 EST AM dlstarr7 October 5, 2016 I get it: it’s tough to imagine something different, but anyone who has used TiVo has experienced this. It’s sublime. Dave, is there a video we can see of this? October 5, 2016 at 9:37 EST AM Dave Hamilton October 5, 2016 dlstarr7: Dave, is there a video we can see of this? Good question. Starting about halfway through this video (at the 0:50 second mark) is a good example of how this can work: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIt7ruUKBUA. I also added the video to the article. October 5, 2016 at 2:16 EST PM CCardona October 5, 2016 Hiram wrote: “Siri does the rest.” Not quite! I’ve bought a few movies/music from Apple, but still 97% of my movies/music/tv shows are ones that I’ve ripped into iTunes. WHY CAN’T I SEARCH FOR THESE AT ALL, Apple? This is my beef, you can’t frickin’ search your entire iTunes Library from the Apple TV interface. And then the search should take my right to the item, instead of the endless scrolling to find it alphabetically. Is this database magic? The Xfinity X1 software isn’t bad enough to make me want to check out TIVO (since you have to pay for it anyway)! I save Favorite channels, and save any content as a Favorite in my personal list for easy access. October 5, 2016 at 3:21 EST PM SpeaksDolphin October 5, 2016 Roku’s “My Feed” does something similar, showing you personalized content inside the Roku interface without having to launch an app. I have a Roku3 in addition to an ATV4. I had tried using Roku’s “My Feed” and don’t recall having the ability to add my Netflix shows to the feed for quick access. I was limited to choosing from selections that were presented to you. Maybe I need to look at it again. That said I still prefer Apple TV’s current UI vs Roku. I do agree that we should have a Favorites or Recently Watched section or screen so we can quickly get to our shows without having to go to Netflix, Hulu, HBO, etc. Also, I’m not entirely sure that Apple has free reign to do what they want with the various providers content. I hope someone can confirm this. October 5, 2016 at 4:07 EST PM JustCause October 27, 2016 TV app coming soon 🙂 October 27, 2016 at 1:28 EST PM Dave Hamilton October 27, 2016 TV app coming soon 🙂 Indeed. The odd part is that it’s still an app. Definitely a huge step in the right direction, but it should be the home screen of the device when you launch it. October 27, 2016 at 2:38 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $109.76 -0.18 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay Recent Tips See All » iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 4699 Dave Hamilton editorial 15 1475581156 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian Tips iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-17: Goodbye AppleScript, Apple Axes Sal Soghoian ACM 386: Apple Coffee Table Book and Design Run Amok View All Results → Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection View All Reviews → Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple View All Editorials → macOS Sierra Now Auto-downloading, but not Auto-installing Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 4th, 2016 11:17 AM EST | Product News If you haven’t upgraded to macOS Sierra yet, get ready for Apple to push it to your Mac automatically. That doesn’t, however, mean Apple is forcing you to upgrade because the automatically downloaded update isn’t auto-installing. macOS Sierra installer auto-downloading to compatible Macs Automatic downloads for updates is a feature Apple enables by default for the Mac App Store, and that’s exactly what the company is using to push the operating system update to users. If your Mac doesn’t have much storage space, the Sierra updater won’t download, according to The Loop, and it’ll delete itself if you start to run low on space. Apple is rolling out the Sierra installer download for users over the next few days, so you may not see it right away. The download is the app Apple uses to install macOS Sierra, and not the full operating system. Until the updater is launched, your Mac won’t update to the new operating system version. Disable background update downloads keeps the macOS Sierra installer off your Mac If auto-downloading app and system updates isn’t your thing, you can disable the feature. Go to Apple menu > System Preferences > App Store and uncheck Download newly available updates in the background. Now the only way for any App Store updates—including macOS Sierra—to install is by launching the App Store app and choosing what you want to update. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: App Store, macOS Sierra, update 2 Comments Add a comment furbies October 4, 2016 What the hell Apple ! If Apple goes down the Redmond path, they’re going to peeve a lot of people off ! October 4, 2016 at 10:25 EST PM Graham McKay October 5, 2016 Aaagh – last I checked the installer is a significantly large file that for people with limited data connections, or several /many Macs, will be a significant strain on their internet plan. I routinely install upgrades from a USB installer to avoid the download pain, but if the download happens automatically it is going to cause my clients pain before I even get to them. October 5, 2016 at 1:10 EST AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class John Martellaro | November 17, 2016 Twitter Adds More Controls to Empower Users against Trolls Bryan Chaffin | November 16, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $109.76 -0.18 (-0.17%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Opens Registration for 'Hour of Code' Workshops at Apple Stores TOMS Straps for Apple Watch Include Solar Power Donation Apple Cuts Mac Automation Manager Sal Soghoian AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay Recent Tips See All » iOS: Shake to Undo on iPhone and iPad, and How to Turn it Off iOS 10: Drawing on Your Pictures in Messages macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Recent Editorials See All » Apple's Tradition of Always Building the Best Doesn't Fit with Current Apple TV Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple 4700 Jeff Gamet product-news 2 1475579837 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Username: Password:  Remember me Lost your password? Not a member? Register here Resend confirmation instructions   Log In   |  Register Close   Toggle navigation PCB007 SMT007 PCBDesign007 EIN007 FLEX007 MilAero007 Toggle navigation PREVIOUS PAGE Electronics Industry News Events RTW IoT Market Gaining Traction as Smarter Devices Find More Takers October 3, 2016 | Transparency Market Research Related Video Included Reading time ( words) The global Internet of Things (IoT) market comprises numerous players such as Google Inc., Cisco Systems Inc., Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp., and IBM Corp, to name a few. The top three players accounted for 48.69% of the market in 2014. Google Inc. has surpassed the competition thanks largely to the expansion of their product line through product innovation and acquisitions, according to a new report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). A similar strategy is also being followed by IBM Corp., which has broadened its interests in the IoT field by acquiring Phytel to enhance the effectiveness and quality of personal healthcare. Apple Inc. is striving to extend its business through product enhancements. In June 2015, the company introduced a new version of OS X, which enhances the system performance and Mac experience.  According to the report, the global IoT market is expected to be worth $924.86 billion by 2021. On the basis of application, the industrial segment led in the past and will continue to be in a dominant position, accounting for 23.40% of the market in 2021. By geography, North America is anticipated to lead the global IoT market and account for 37.45% of global revenues by 2021. On the basis of technology, the Wi-Fi segment will continue to lead, accounting for 32.56% of the market in 2021. Technological advancements in the field of healthcare are an important driver for the IoT market. IoT is proving effective in enhancing the efficiency of the healthcare system and in reducing the cost incurred for patients. IoT also has the potential to cover economic expansionary phases and thus, governments across countries are investing heavily in IoT to enhance the comfort, convenience, and management of patients as well as healthcare service providers. This is improving the quality of life of people and thus, IoT will continue to remain in demand. IoT helps in achieving machine to machine communication and offers more efficiency and accurate results. Thus, optimal utilization of energy and resources can be achieved with the adoption of IoT. Additionally, costs can be saved through proactive maintenance programs which make use of IoT, thus driving their demand further. Security risks to pose a challenge Internet of Things devices can expose consumers to various security risks by allowing unauthorized access to a third person who could misuse sensitive personal information. Thus, there are many possibilities of vulnerabilities which can increase owing to the use of IoT. Moreover, a connected smart device may also be used to send malicious emails. However, with advancements in technology, the impact of this restraint is expected to reduce in the coming years. Over dependence on the IoT is another factor restraining the growth of the market. Minor glitches of a few seconds in IoT can ruin the entire process and cause several problems. For instance, if glitches were to occur in sensors in a car, the system could fail to provide vital information to a driver, possibly leading to an accident.  In the future, it is expected that an increasing number of devices such as televisions, cars, and refrigerators, among others, will make use of IoT and become smarter. These devices are expected not only to be equipped with sensors but also have internet connectivity for communication. This will help alert the user to a critical information. TMR predicts that the demand for IoT will increase significantly, driving the market towards tremendous growth. Share Print Electronics Industry NewsEventsRTW × Printer Version IoT Market Gaining Traction as Smarter Devices Find More Takers The global Internet of Things (IoT) market comprises numerous players such as Google Inc., Cisco Systems Inc., Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp., and IBM Corp, to name a few. The top three players accounted for 48.69% of the market in 2014. Google Inc. has surpassed the competition thanks largely to the expansion of their product line through product innovation and acquisitions, according to a new report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). A similar strategy is also being followed by IBM Corp., which has broadened its interests in the IoT field by acquiring Phytel to enhance the effectiveness and quality of personal healthcare. Apple Inc. is striving to extend its business through product enhancements. In June 2015, the company introduced a new version of OS X, which enhances the system performance and Mac experience.  According to the report, the global IoT market is expected to be worth $924.86 billion by 2021. On the basis of application, the industrial segment led in the past and will continue to be in a dominant position, accounting for 23.40% of the market in 2021. By geography, North America is anticipated to lead the global IoT market and account for 37.45% of global revenues by 2021. On the basis of technology, the Wi-Fi segment will continue to lead, accounting for 32.56% of the market in 2021. Technological advancements in the field of healthcare are an important driver for the IoT market. IoT is proving effective in enhancing the efficiency of the healthcare system and in reducing the cost incurred for patients. IoT also has the potential to cover economic expansionary phases and thus, governments across countries are investing heavily in IoT to enhance the comfort, convenience, and management of patients as well as healthcare service providers. This is improving the quality of life of people and thus, IoT will continue to remain in demand. IoT helps in achieving machine to machine communication and offers more efficiency and accurate results. Thus, optimal utilization of energy and resources can be achieved with the adoption of IoT. Additionally, costs can be saved through proactive maintenance programs which make use of IoT, thus driving their demand further. Security risks to pose a challenge Internet of Things devices can expose consumers to various security risks by allowing unauthorized access to a third person who could misuse sensitive personal information. Thus, there are many possibilities of vulnerabilities which can increase owing to the use of IoT. Moreover, a connected smart device may also be used to send malicious emails. However, with advancements in technology, the impact of this restraint is expected to reduce in the coming years. Over dependence on the IoT is another factor restraining the growth of the market. Minor glitches of a few seconds in IoT can ruin the entire process and cause several problems. For instance, if glitches were to occur in sensors in a car, the system could fail to provide vital information to a driver, possibly leading to an accident.  In the future, it is expected that an increasing number of devices such as televisions, cars, and refrigerators, among others, will make use of IoT and become smarter. These devices are expected not only to be equipped with sensors but also have internet connectivity for communication. This will help alert the user to a critical information. TMR predicts that the demand for IoT will increase significantly, driving the market towards tremendous growth. Subscriptions | Magazines | Editorial Calendar | Books | Press Release Tips | RealTime with | RSS | China007 Resources How To Improve Efficiency and the Bottom-Li ne for High-Mix PCB Production White Paper: With the move from low-mix to high mix-manufacturing, the need for optimizing throughput across multiple batches of different product is critical to maximizing manufacturing output. Overall line utilization... View White Paper View all Resources Need a fabricator? Quickly and easily search for a printed circuit board manufacturer to fit your electronic manufacturing needs. Over 1800 printed circuit manufacturing locations listed! START YOUR SEARCH NOW Latest Tweets FREE NEWSLETTERS & MAGAZINES The Daily News SMT Week Inside Design Flex007 Weekly MilAero007 Weekly SMT Magazine The PCB Magazine The PCB Design Magazine About Us | Your Privacy | Media Kit | Contact Us | Site Map | Authors | Top Reads List Copyright © 2016 I-Connect007. All rights reserved. Electronics Industry News Events RTW Close Menu
null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple seeds tvOS 10.0.1 beta 2 to developers Apple seeds tvOS 10.0.1 beta 2 to developers October 4, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Alongside various other betas, today Apple seeds its second tvOS 10.0.1 beta to developers. We’re not sure what’s new in tvOS 10.0.1 but we’ll keep the post updated if any notable changes are found. It’s highly not recommended to run this beta as it may cause problems with your Apple TV down the road. However, to proceed: head to Apple’s Developer portal and download the necessary profile to your Mac or PC. Plug the device in via the USB-C port on the back of your Apple TV and fire up iTunes. From there, tap Option (Mac) / Shift (Windows) + Update and select the profile. Once completed, head over to your Apple TV’s settings > system > Software Update. If it does not appear, reboot your Apple TV and it should prompt you to update. If you spot anything interesting, be sure to leave us a comment below! Tags: Apple TV, tvOS, tvOS 10.0.1, tvOS 10.0.1 beta, tvOS 10.0.1 beta 2 About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 2 to developers Apple seeds watchOS 3.1 beta 2 to developers → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases for Pixel phones now available Moto Z and Moto Z Play launch at Republic Wireless LeEco discounting Le Pro3 and Le S3 for Black Friday Have you experienced gadget fatigue? Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus units with 'touch disease' Huawei MediaPad M3 lands in the US with 8.4-inch 2560x1600 display Amazon Echo gaining ability to send text messages for AT&T customers Android And Me Top 10 New Android Games This Week: Legends Verizon puts Mophie Juice Pack Moto Google Allo updated with new themes, Amazon Echo can now send texts, if you’re Qualcomm makes Snapdragon 835 and Quick Barnes and Noble Nook Tablet 7-inch TmoNews BLU R1 HD update adds support for T-Mobile Deutsche Telekom CEO says he’s ‘not T-Mobile reveals Magenta Friday and Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Apple's iMessage Exposes User IP Address and Device Details to Spammers GO iMessage link preview feature was added in iOS 10 and macOS 10.12, and currently can't be turned off Oct 4, 2016 18:15 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Apple might need to fine-tune the link preview feature the company added to iMessage in iOS 10 and macOS 10.12, released two weeks ago, in September. According to Ross McKillop, this new feature contains an information leak bug that allows an attacker to learn an iMessage user's IP address, OS version, and device details. Apple implemented link previews in an insecure manner Link previews are the small content cards that appear whenever you type and share a URL in a chat window. IM services such as Facebook, Twitter, Skype, or Slack also provide this feature, which can be quite handy, offering a preview of what the link holds, without having to leave the IM app. For the aforementioned services, whenever a user shares a link with a person he's chatting, the service scans the link, accesses the URL, retrieves the data needed for a preview (page title, page description, thumbnail image), and embeds the data inside the user's chat window, when available. All these operations are carried out from the IM service's servers and only the server's IP address is exposed when making the request for retrieving the link preview content. McKillop says that this is not the case for iMessage, who performs these queries from the user's device. Flaw can be used by spammers, nation-state actors In a very plausible attack scenario, a threat actor or a spammer can send a victim a link to a site he controls. When the user opens iMessage to see the message, even if he never clicks the link and accesses it, iMessage would connect to the URL automatically, and retrieve the necessary preview data. The attacker's server would collect personal details for every user the attacker sent a link via iMessage. This data is important, and exposing it might have dire consequences. For example, a nation-state actor could learn a target's IP address, and get a general idea of the victim's geographical location, ISP provider, and even the target's real name Further, a spammer could use the collected information to hone future attacks and send spam or spear-phishing messages in the user's local language, or fine-tuned for mobile or desktop devices, based on a user's device details exposed by iMessage. Flaw still active. No way to turn it off Since there's no user interaction needed to exploit this flaw, the attack is trivial and available to any threat actor at the time of this article. Additionally, iMessage has no option that allows users to turn link previews off, neither on iOS or macOS devices. McKillop says that Apple could fix this issue in two ways. The first is to query for link preview data using its own servers and then insert the preview data inside iMessage, just like other IM services. The second is more ingenious and doesn't require Apple to set up any additional servers. McKillop says that Apple could update iMessages, so link previews are retrieved from the sender's device, and then embedded as metadata inside the sent message. In this case, attackers would be collecting data on their own devices. An iMessage link preview content card on iOS 10   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #iMessage#link preview#IP adderss#Apple#information leak subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Untrusts WoSign Certificates After Mozilla's Damning Report Exploit Vendor Offers $1.5 Million for iOS 10 Zero-Days Apple Shares Some iMessage Metadata with Law Enforcement New iOS 10 Backup Password System Is 2,500 Times Weaker than in iOS 9 Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build Microsoft Can’t Kill Linux Right Now, The Linux Foundation Director Says iPhone 6 and 6 Plus “Touch Disease” Repairs Cost $149, Apple Says Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Leaks in Press Render NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk 2 photos    iMessage exposes some user details via link previews Related Apps WFilter Enterprise: Monitor bandwidth, filter and block Internet activities on your network from a single computer via a web-based administration interface LastPass: The last password you'll have to remember - a web browser plugin for storing all user accounts in Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Opera and Safari Treek's Password Manager: Store your account credentials locally or in the cloud, synchronize your data and access passwords with a couple of mouse clicks, by using this lightweight application TunnelBear: VPN app for anonymous Internet connections to help you protect your identity, which lets you choose a fake IP address and examine network statistics VPN Gate Client Plug-in: A plugin for SoftEther VPN, whose main purpose is to easily hide your online identity via a network of relay proxy servers that conceal your IP address Net Monitor for Employees Pro: A cross-platform utility that helps users monitor and control multiple remote computers, as well as record screen activity to AVI files Farbar Recovery Scan Tool: Lightweight and efficient application that was designed to help you scan your computer for malware damage and resolve encountered issues Reader comments Bug in Mirai Source Code Could Stop Some DDoS Attacks Dead in Their Tracks more on: Mirai i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
SIGN IN REGISTER Friday, November 18 2016 | Home Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it debuts on the JSE Companies / Retail & Consumer 46 minutes ago Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Most Read 1. Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after ... Companies / Transport & Tourism 2. Century-old DCD in business rescue Companies / Energy 3. Bob Diamond: The misadventures of a banker in ... Companies / Financial Services Unilateral changes in mining charter worry the industry Business 2 hours ago Most Read 1. Getting shovels into the cash pile Business 2. Civil debt judgments continue to decline Business 3. Radebe calls for united front ahead of ratings ... Business Dodging downgrade bullet only a stay of execution, warn economists Economy 8 hours ago Most Read 1. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 2. Ratings agencies start talks on SA Economy 3. South African motor industry’s total sales ... Economy Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Life / Books 1 hour ago Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Most Read 1. Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 2. Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at ... Life / Arts & Entertainment 3. Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top ... Life / Arts & Entertainment Rand recovers somewhat on marginal dollar weakness Markets 1 minute ago Most Read 1. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes ... Markets 2. Rand steady as Yellen gives first comments since ... Markets 3. Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar Markets Constitutional watchdog asks to join DA court challenge over ICC National 26 minutes ago National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Most Read 1. Zuma joins outcry over man allegedly assaulted ... National 2. WATCH: Zuma’s dangerous power plays National 3. Health of economy comes before judges’ pay rises, ... National EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? Opinion 4 hours ago Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Most Read 1. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists 2. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 3. In spite of Zuma, SA’s crucial cogs turn Opinion / Columnists ANC probes unpopular Western Cape councillor’s refusal to resign Politics 56 minutes ago Most Read 1. Political firestorm is raging in SA's criminal ... Politics 2. POLITICS LIVE: Struggle rebels launch 'People’s ... Politics 3. ANC seeks to placate irate party veterans Politics Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 7 hours ago Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Most Read 1. Arsene Wenger has shot at sinking rival Mourinho Sport / Soccer 2. Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 3. Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby Safe landing for Chinese space capsule with two astronauts on board World / Asia 2 hours ago World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Most Read 1. Activists abducted, beaten ahead of planned ... World / Africa 2. Mozambique declares three days of mourning as it ... World / Africa 3. Sniffer rats may soon be used to detect smuggled ... World / Africa Sign In Register Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Business Economy Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Markets National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Politics Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East BL Premium SIGN IN REGISTER Health of economy comes before judges’ pay rises, says the chief justice 2 hours ago No pay rises are proposed for cabinet, ministers, MPs, traditional leaders and judges in 2016-17 by the commission on remuneration for public office bearers Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes for 2017 It's not even Thanksgiving yet, but Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is already preparing for 2017. In a note to clients on Thursday, a team led by Chief Credit ... Markets 6 hours ago Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar The greenback extends gains across the board against emerging-market currencies as investors hone in on bullish comments from Janet Yellen on interest rates Markets 5 hours ago WATCH: Zuma’s dangerous power plays The Editing Allowed panel of editors ask if President Jacob Zuma’s power plays are making him more dangerous for the economy National 1 hour ago State Security Minister Mahlobo under fire for ‘dangerous creep’ State Security Minister David Mahlobo has presided over a "dangerous creep" of state security into politics and public life National 4 hours ago Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it debuts on the JSE As family controlled medicines retailer Dis-Chem made its R20bn JSE debut, founder CEO Ivan Saltzman spelled out its expansion plans Companies / Retail & Consumer 46 minutes ago Murray & Roberts’s shares jump after Gautrain agreement Construction group says the Gauteng provincial government has agreed to pay nearly R1.3bn in disputed Gautrain bills Companies / Industrials 5 hours ago SA’s diplomats living it up abroad The Treasury unit’s warning on pampered envoys’ multibillion-rand bill is unlikely to slow spending, says analyst National 10 hours ago How Wal-Mart is using blockchain to make food safer With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to get crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who ... Companies 2 hours ago Mozambique declares three days of mourning as it probes deadly tanker blast Authorities think residents may have been taking petrol after the vehicle had crashed, or had been abandoned by drivers fearing it would explode World / Africa 2 hours ago EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? As the Guptas put the squeeze on the Oppenheimers, another Cosatu union suggests that Zuma leave office Opinion 4 hours ago Report puts a number on possible national minimum wage National Economic Development and Labour Council (Nedlac) social partners will consider a final report on the introduction of a national minimum wage this ... National / Labour 4 hours ago Start-up Sigfox raises $160m in move toward ‘internet of things’ Sigfox has already built a global wireless network connecting over 10-million objects to the cloud at low cost by relying on surrounding sources of energy Companies 2 hours ago A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Shame, Sport and Recreation Minister Fikile Mbalula feels he has fallen victim to cyber bullies seeking special treatment, writes Gareth van Onselen Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Gareth van Onselen Columnist Snapchat’s youthful founders are fearless in their race to go public It is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, but the messaging company is planning an IPO just two years after it first began to ... Companies 2 hours ago CEO x 1 Day: new skills for the next generation SPONSORED: Odgers Berndtson's CEO x 1 Day lets MBA students spend a day with executives. Click to read more about today's CEO skills, leadership and more. Companies / Management 23 days ago Dollar hits a new high on market speculation about Trump economic policies The dollar is at a 14-year high with US bonds rising sharply and markets betting that American inflation and interest rates are headed higher Markets 3 hours ago VW to cut 30,000 jobs as it struggles to recover from emissions cheating scandal Two-thirds of the cuts will come from Volkswagen’s plants in Germany, under an agreement with labour that has taken months to reach World / Europe 5 hours ago Labour deal on the cards to avert junk Events of the coming week will be crucial as labour, business and government hold last-minute talks to secure labour stability, including a national minimum ... National / Labour 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Embattled David Mahlobo reported to the public protector DA says the state security minister ‘told a bald-faced lie’ in the National Assembly when he said student leader Mcebo Dlamini had never been to his home National 7 hours ago Load more BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 2. SA’s diplomats living it up abroad National 3. Labour deal on the cards to avert junk National / Labour 4. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 5. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. View all > Opinion views & analysis EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? As the Guptas put the squeeze on the Oppenheimers, another Cosatu union suggests that Zuma leave office Read More Gareth van Onselen Columnist A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Shame, Sport and Recreation Minister Fikile Mbalula feels he has fallen victim to cyber bullies seeking special treatment, writes Gareth van Onselen Read More CARTOON: Death Presidents' Society Friday, November 18 2016 Read More View all > Markets & Economy data, indicators & analysis 1. Rand recovers somewhat on marginal dollar weakness Markets 1 minute ago 2. Gold slides as dollar surges to a near 14-year high over rate hike expectations Markets 2 hours ago 3. JSE positive as rand hedge industrials provide support Markets 3 hours ago 4. Dollar hits a new high on market speculation about Trump economic policies Markets 3 hours ago 5. Bonds weaken with US treasuries as the rand retreats on stronger dollar Markets 3 hours ago View all > Video watch the news unfold Editing Allowed part 2: Trump's trillion dollar plan Read Full Article Editing Allowed part 2: Trump's trillion dollar plan Editing Allowed part 1: Zuma's dangerous power play How CEOs can make the most of the next generation of workers Businesses' Brexit conundrum Business Tools make your life easier Share Search GO Type in a share code or part of a company’s name in the Company Lookup box, then select the company name from the list of results and click Go to view its tearsheet with share data,news and more. Get the latest unit trust data Calendar JSE Sens Capital & Regional PLC - Disposal of The Mall, Camberley Index Change Advice – 20161121 Fairvest Property Hldgs Shares In Issue and Free Float Update City Lodge Hotels Ltd - Results of AGM Middle East Diamond Resources Ltd - Results of annual general meeting View all > BL Premium exclusively for our subscribers How the good times ended for SABMiller Ann Crotty The SA Breweries you knew and loved, which listed on the JSE back in 1897, is no more. After Anheuser-Busch InBev’s $109bn takeover last month, apprehension is stalking the corridors of the SA beer icon. But for new boss Carlos Brito, the numbers will trump all Read More JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring 'princelings' David J Lynch , Jennifer Hughes and Martin Arnold Employees knew the company could be breaking the law law, but carried on making improper hires because the rewards and new deals were ‘deemed too lucrative’ Read More Editor's Note: America gets its own Zuma Rob Rose Let’s hope that Donald Trump, like Jacob Zuma, is an ineffectual leader. Because if he takes his job seriously, the world should be very afraid, writes Rob Rose Read More Nasdaq’s new chief has company blood running through her veins Nicole Bullock When Adena Friedman replaces Bob Greifeld in December she will take the helm of a company that is vastly different from the one she joined as an intern Read More Top Stories editor’s news selection 1. Brexit and Trump: has predictability gone up the poll? Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Anthony Butler Columnist 2. MICHAEL FRIDJHON: Wine awards add zest and balance to the industry Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM 3. Will computers be eager to play and please? Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Michel Pireu Columnist 4. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes for 2017 Markets 6 hours ago 5. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Gareth van Onselen Columnist 6. In spite of Zuma, SA’s crucial cogs turn Opinion / Columnists 8 hours ago BL PREMIUM Peter Bruce Editor-in-chief, BDFM 7. Don’t discount Trump’s abilities Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Stephen Cranston Associate editor 8. Blowback for deluded moral guardians Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Simon Lincoln Reader Columnist Comments / top and trending articles by comments Top Trending View all > Sport results, opinions and personalities Sport / Cricket 7 hours ago Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby 9 hours ago Proteas may opt for Tabraiz Shamsi for more spin Sport / Cricket 9 hours ago Arsene Wenger has shot at sinking rival Mourinho Sport / Soccer 9 hours ago View all > Lifestyle art, culture, music and more Life / Books 1 hour ago Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 1 hour ago Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at YouTube awards Life / Arts & Entertainment 2 hours ago Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top prize Life / Arts & Entertainment 10 hours ago Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Granted a Patent for an Advanced 3D Mapped Gesture Interface | Main | Google Introduces Pixel the Smartphone and other Hardware Devices Squarely Aimed at Amazon and Samsung » October 04, 2016 Apple Granted 45 Patents Covering Inductive Coil Shielding Materials, EarPods and Camouflaged Openings   The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office officially published a series of 45 newly granted patents for Apple Inc. today. In this particular report we briefly cover three Apple inventions; EarPods, Camouflaged Openings and methods for forming shield materials for the Apple Watch wireless charging coil. We wrap up this week's granted patent report with our traditional listing of the remaining granted patents that were issued to Apple today.   Granted Patent: Methods for Forming Shield Materials onto Inductive Coils   Apple's newly granted patent covers their invention relating to the Apple Watch's electromagnetic power transfer systems, and in particular to systems and methods for shielding electromagnetic coils for improved inductive power transfer. Apple's patent FIG. 2A noted below depicts a top perspective view of an example unshielded electromagnetic coil; FIG. 2B depicts a bottom perspective view of the example electromagnetic coil of FIG. 2A shielded on three sides; FIG. 2C depicts a top perspective view of an example electromagnetic coil of FIG. 2A.   Apple's granted patent 9,460,846 was originally filed in June 2014 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office. To review the details of this invention click here.   Granted Patent: Methodology for Determining an Improved Form of Headphones (EarPods)   Apple's newly granted patent covers their invention relating to the creation of EarPods. More specifically, the invention covers a methodology for determining the form for a headphone part using a representative model. Using data defining an ear model, the model is oriented within a coordinate system, with a focus on the alignment of one or more areas of the ear. A representative model is determined from a plurality of oriented ear models, where the representative model is a representation for a volume determined to be common to at least two oriented ear models. The size and shape of the headphone part is determined based upon the representative model.   Apple's patent FIG. 5A noted above is an exemplary earphone designed using a representative model; FIG. 5B is an exemplary earphone designed using a representative model shown within an ear.   Apple's granted patent 9,460,238 was originally filed in Q1 2013 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office. For more details, click here.   Granted Patent: Camouflaged Openings in Device Housings   Apple's newly granted patent covers their invention relating to techniques and apparatus for providing one or more holes in a housing for an electronic device. The one or more holes in the housing can be used to facilitate visual indicators. A light source can be controlled to provide light into a hole and thus emit light from the hole. When the light source is not providing light to the hole, the hole can be visually disguised (e.g., camouflaged) so it blends with the surrounding portions of the housing.   A good example of this is Apple's Magic Keyboard. When the power is off, you can't see where the indicator light is as it blends into the design and color scheme.   Apple's granted patent 9,459,661 was originally filed in Q2 2013 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office. For more details, click here   The Remaining Patents granted to Apple Today   Note: In order to see a clearer image of the list above, simply click on the image above to enlarge it. Some browsers may require that you click on the image and then a second click on the image to enlarge it fully.   Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of granted patents with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each Granted Patent is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any Granted Patent should be read in its entirety for full details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on October 04, 2016 at 12:10 PM in 2. Granted Patents | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechMobile Google's new Pixel handset to take on iPhone 2016-10-04 20:01 Post a comment 0 share: Google has unveiled new smartphones. RELATED ARTICLES Google teases its new 'G' smartphone Google unveils latest Nexus phones, tablet Google expected to unveil 'Pixel' smartphones San Francisco — Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung on Tuesday, introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." The new phones represent a big new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. At a starting price of $649, the new phones are aimed at the same markets as Apple's iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones. Google executives touted features such as a powerful camera and long-lasting battery during a product event Tuesday, where they said the phones will be sold in two screen sizes — 5 inches and 5.5 inches — and three colors: black, silver and blue. But they're clearly hoping that the new Pixel phones will be distinguished by their use of Google's software. A central element of all the new devices is the Google Assistant, a digital helper that uses artificial intelligence to deliver what CEO Sundar Pichai described as "a personal Google for each and every user." Google makes most of its money from online software and digital ads. But it's putting more emphasis on hardware as it competes for consumers' attention. Hardware is hard New devices could help Google keep its services front and center in the battle for consumers' attention, said analyst Julie Ask at Forrester Research. Unlike a new mobile app or other software, she noted, it can be an expensive gamble to build and ship new hardware products. "But if you're Google, you can't afford to stop placing bets." Google has sold smartphones and tablets under the Nexus brand, which it launched in 2010 as a way to show off the best features of its Android software. But it put relatively little effort into promoting those devices, which have mostly ended up in the hands of Google purists. Android already powers the majority of smartphones sold around the world. But Samsung, the biggest maker of Android phones, has increasingly been adding more of its own software — even its own Samsung Pay mobile wallet — on the phones it sells. Another big rival, Apple, has built its own services, such as online maps and its own Siri personal assistant, to replace Google's apps on the iPhone. Home, but not alone Google is also likely to begin selling a voice-activated "smart speaker" called Home, apparently modeled on Amazon's Echo . Analysts are expecting Google will announce more details, including price and availability, at Tuesday's event. The "Home" device will feature Google's digital "Assistant" service, a voice-activated personal butler that can search the internet, play music or perform other useful tasks. "Assistant" is the company's answer to similar concierge services from rivals, including Siri, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana. Leading tech companies are all competing to assist consumers in their online activities, from search and navigation to shopping. That gives the companies a better chance of selling advertising or other services. Home-based systems like the Echo are taking on more importance as voice technology has improved, said Forrester's Ask. "You can't assume somebody is going to go sit down at a computer or pick up a phone and type in a question anymore," she said. Google may also provide a closer look Tuesday at some other products, including a new virtual-reality headset that it teased in May. Like the other devices, Google's virtual reality system could be a platform for a wide range of games and applications that are built on Google's software. Read more about: google  |  samsung  |  apple share: More In This Category ‘Cheap’ FreeMe packages help boost Telkom’s earnings Samsung: 85% of US Note 7 phones replaced Why Africa is ‘crucial’ to Huawei’s smartphone ambitions Huawei takes aim at Samsung with 'no explosion' phone Most Popular Read Top tips on protecting your devices from hackers Top 5 smartphones for under R300 a month Here's how to go Ninja mode on social networks R11m French tech lab launched in Cape Town Post Office's late financials a concern - AG Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple releases second betas for watchOS 3.1 and tvOS 10.0.1 By Cody Lee, Oct 4, 2016 Tweet 3 Comments In addition to iOS 10.1, Apple on Tuesday released the second betas of watchOS 3.1 and tvOS 10.0.1. Registered developers can grab the new software from Apple’s online developer portal, or via their respective over-the-air update methods. Today’s software comes about two weeks after the original betas, and three weeks after Apple released watchOS 3 and tvOS 10 to the public. These updates are expected to bring about mostly performance improvements and various bug fixes. Find something new we haven’t mentioned? Let us know down in the comments below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend First betas of watchOS 3.1, tvOS 10.0.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.1 now available Apple seeds watchOS 3.1.1 beta 3 to developers Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers Apple seeds beta 2 of iOS 10.2, watchOS 3.1.1, and tvOS 10.1 to developers Related Topics Apple, Beta, Developer, Developers, tvOS 10.0.1, watchOS 3.1 Jay Burgandy It will be better if the OS beta comes with real live update of imessage on the watch.. like when you delete a message on your phone it will also delete immediately on the watch without manually deleting from the watch itself.. Don’t know why its difficult for Apple to fix! Cristian Meneses I have noticed that “Hey Siri” has stopped working properly on watchOS 3. This was pretty handy for me. Hope they fix it soon. zebonaut whats new?   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Google revamps Play Newsstand, adds For You recommendations, rich media, web app & more Apple launches worldwide “Touch Disease” repair program for iPhone 6 Plus How to show the storage drive icon on your Mac desktop How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Releases Third macOS Sierra 10.12.1 Beta for Public Beta Testers Tuesday October 4, 2016 11:27 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.1 update to public beta testers, one week after seeding the second public beta and one day after seeding the third beta to developers. It's been two weeks since Apple released macOS Sierra to the public. Beta testers who have signed up for Apple's beta testing program will receive the 10.12.1 macOS Sierra beta through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store. Those who want to be a part of Apple's beta testing program can sign up to participate through the beta testing website, which gives users access to both iOS and macOS Sierra betas. Betas should not be installed on a primary machine due to the potential for instability. macOS Sierra 10.12.1 appears to focus mainly on bug fixes and performance improvements to address issues that have surfaced up since macOS Sierra was first released. It also includes album support in Photos for the new Portrait feature in iOS 10 on the iPhone 7 Plus. macOS Sierra is a major operating system update that introduces features like Siri support, cross device copy paste, improved iCloud functionality, the ability to unlock a Mac with the Apple Watch, an Optimize Storage option, and more. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra [ 51 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) rGiskard 6 weeks ago Tried Siri on Mac in Swedish. She can't even play Phil Collins on Apple Music, even if she gets the sentence right. She asks if I want to Google it. That's because Siri doesn't support torture. Rating: 13 Votes keysofanxiety 6 weeks ago Apple's software team must be working around the clock. Say what you want about the hardware, but they've been pushing out some rock-solid operating systems recently. Certainly they hold themselves to a higher standard than I can ever remember. Good on them. Rating: 11 Votes meaning-matters 6 weeks ago Looking forward running this beauty on my 2016 MacBook Pro. Rating: 7 Votes kgtenacious 6 weeks ago What's wrong with this picture? Rating: 4 Votes Jcxa 6 weeks ago Hmmmm, A beta a day keeps the MBP away. Rating: 2 Votes Cuban Missles 6 weeks ago The only thing I have not been happy about with 10.12 is that the people tags in the Photo app do not sync between my iphone, ipad, and imac. Otherwise, this seems solid to me. 10.12.1 PB1 made no difference on my imac. Will install this tonight and see if anything changes. Rating: 2 Votes haddy 6 weeks ago Same hung installation problem as in the previous betas. It took a hard reset for the installation to complete. Nah ...... well not for me. I just waited it out and it installed fine. Even though it seems to be hung it's not, the indicating thermometer doesn't seem to be working. Rating: 2 Votes smithrh 6 weeks ago Apple's software team must be working around the clock. Say what you want about the hardware, but they've been pushing out some rock-solid operating systems recently. Certainly they hold themselves to a higher standard than I can ever remember. Good on them. Likely a good side-effect of having releases without all that many features and upgrades. I for one would not consider the fact that Preview choked on some PDF files for an entire release a higher standard. Same goes for the software RAID tool being absent for an entire release. Rating: 2 Votes MistrSynistr 6 weeks ago Apple's software team must be working around the clock. Say what you want about the hardware, but they've been pushing out some rock-solid operating systems recently. Certainly they hold themselves to a higher standard than I can ever remember. Good on them. Fret not, there's still that one jabroni who refuses to upgrade from Mavericks because of flat icons. Rating: 2 Votes Kaibelf 6 weeks ago Same hung installation problem as in the previous betas. It took a hard reset for the installation to complete. That's the thing. It doesn't hang but the progress bar wasn't moving. Looked like it was stuck so I was watching and suddenly BOOM it was the login screen. No estimated time and the bar never moved higher than about 10%. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Teardowns Confirm 13-Inch and 15-Inch Touch Bar MacBook Pros Have Non-Removable SSDs 23 minutes ago on Mac Blog iFixit has completed its teardown of the new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, confirming the notebook is equipped with a non-removable SSD just like the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar. Only... 17 comments Apple Hires Former WSJ Reporter as Public Relations Director in China 1 hour ago on iOS Blog Apple has hired a former reporter and columnist for The Wall Street Journal, Wei Gu, to its public relations department in Shanghai, China. Gu's role, per LinkedIn (via TechCrunch) will be PR... 3 comments New Subscription Service 'Setapp' Will Offer 40+ Popular Mac Apps for $9.99 Per Month 18 hours ago on Mac Blog Setapp, an upcoming subscription service from MacPaw, aims to offer a Mac App Store alternative and change the way customers obtain software for their Macs. Setapp will make 40+ popular Mac apps... 45 comments Swift Playgrounds Updated With New Coding Lessons, Hour of Code Challenge 19 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple's Swift Playgrounds app received its first update today, introducing a new set of coding lessons and a few new features to enhance the coding experience. Included in the update is the... 14 comments Workflow for iOS Updated With Improved Gallery That Makes it Easier Than Ever to Automate Tasks 21 hours ago on iOS Blog Popular automation app Workflow is being updated today with a new design, a much-improved Gallery experience, and a streamlined on-boarding process, all of which help to make the app more powerful... 13 comments PlayStation Vue Now Available on Apple TV 21 hours ago on iOS Blog PlayStation today announced that its PlayStation Vue television service has expanded to the fourth-generation Apple TV, allowing PlayStation Vue subscribers to watch live TV and access other Vue... 72 comments Twitter App Introduces Rich Notifications Support in iOS 10 22 hours ago on iOS Blog Twitter's first-party iOS app recently began rolling out support for rich notifications for anyone on iOS 10, letting users get a larger glimpse at their incoming notifications without having to... 10 comments Next Year's Dual-Camera iPhones Will Have Dual Optical Image Stabilization 1 day ago on iOS Blog While the iPhone 7 Plus has a dual-lens camera, only the wide-angle lens supports optical image stabilization. However, that could change next year. In a research note obtained by MacRumors,... 25 comments • Privacy-Enabled Web Browser 'Firefox Focus' Launches on App Store With Automatic Ad Blocking (39) • Russian Authorities Order Internet Providers to Block LinkedIn Website (16) • Apple Explores Potential Chat Interactions With Siri in Messages Threads (14) • Facebook Halts Collection of WhatsApp User Data Across Europe (11) • Mac Automation Product Manager Sal Soghoian Leaves Apple After Position Eliminated (137) • Apple Researching How iPhones Can Monitor Parkinson's Patients in Real Time (6) • Twitter Introduces QR Codes for Sharing and Following Accounts (18)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Apple to no longer 'trust' Chinese certificate authority Following a Mozilla investigation, MacOS and iOS will be modified to block future certificates issued by WoSign By Lucian Constantin | Follow Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Oct 4, 2016 10:02 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Apple's headquarters in Cupertino, California, on April 25, 2011. Credit: Mario Sánchez Prada More like this Google to untrust WoSign and StartCom certificates Go from SHA-1 to SHA-2 in 8 steps Mozilla moves to limit risk of subordinate CA certificate abuse Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now Following a Mozilla-led investigation that found multiple problems in the SSL certificate issuance process of WoSign, a China-based certificate authority (CA), Apple will make modifications to the iOS and macOS to block future certificates issued by the company. Although there is no WoSign root certificate in Apple's trusted certificate store, a WoSign intermediate CA certificate is cross-signed by two other CAs that Apple trusts: StartCom and Comodo. This means that until now Apple products have automatically trusted certificates issued through the WoSign intermediate CA. Because WoSign experienced multiple control failures in their certificate issuance processes for the WoSign CA Free SSL Certificate G2 intermediate CA, "we are taking action to protect users in an upcoming security update," Apple said in support notes for both iOS and macOS. "Apple products will no longer trust the WoSign CA Free SSL Certificate G2 intermediate CA." The ban is only for future certificates issued by WoSign and not for those that have already been issued and published to public Certificate Transparency (CT) log servers by Sept. 19. Those existing certificates will continue to be trusted until they expire, are revoked, or Apple decides to ban them at a later date. This is similar to the decision that Mozilla's CA team is considering after discovering multiple problems at WoSign, including mis-issuing of certificates and a strong suspicion, backed by evidence, that the CA issued SHA-1-signed certificates after Jan. 1 and then back-dated them in violation of industry rules. "Mozilla’s CA team has lost confidence in the ability of WoSign/StartCom to faithfully and competently discharge the functions of a CA," the Mozilla team said in a detailed analysis of the incidents. "Therefore we propose that, starting on a date to be determined in the near future, Mozilla products will no longer trust newly-issued certificates issued by either of these two CA brands." The inclusion of StartCom, an Israel-based CA, in this decision is due to the fact that WoSign silently acquired StartCom in November 2015. Although WoSign said in September that the two companies are operated and managed independently, there is evidence that StartCom has been using WoSign's certificate-issuing infrastructure and processes. In its own analysis and response, WoSign claims that only 8 SHA-1 certificates have been incorrectly issued after the SHA-1 cutoff date of Jan. 1, 2016, and that those incidents were the result of a bug in its system and API. "WoSign remains committed to continually evolve our technology, processes, and offerings to help keep our customers and the Internet safe," said in its final report after the investigation. "We believe that the steps we have taken will ensure that this type of incident never happens again, and we believe that full support for CT is our commitment of supervision." To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security Encryption Apple iOS MacOS Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Video/Webcast Sponsored The Cyber Security at Your Company is at Risk Go Top Stories Apple offers to repair iPhone 6 Plus devices with 'touch disease' Apple is offering to repair at a reduced price iPhone 6 Plus smartphones with display flickering or... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Will Trump let China beat the U.S. in supercomputing? China and the U.S. are in a race to build bigger and faster supercomputers. Will the Trump... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « YouTube Misses Point With Lyor Cohen Hire [Bobby Owsinski] | Main | Getting Grant Funding For Your Music Project: A Step-By-Step Guide » Apple Music: Inside The Music Industry’s First Artist-Backed Startup This piece takes an in-depth look at the creation and history behind The Beatles' Apple Music, a company which was in many ways the industry's first artist backed startup. _______________________________ Guest post by Barry Miles, excerpted from The Zapple Diaries: The Rise and Fall of the Last Beatles Label The Beatles’ Apple Music was created in 1967 to bring the band’s enterprises together for tax purposes, so that instead of paying nineteen and sixpence in the pound the Beatles paid only sixteen shillings (there were twenty shillings in the pound). The label’s original directors were Clive Epstein, Alistair Taylor, Geoffrey Ellis, a solicitor and an accountant, and the idea was that they would quietly announce to the tax authorities that they would be opening a string of shops. Alistair Taylor told American author Geoffrey Giuliano: “That was the original idea and when the boys heard about this they decided this could be boring, they didn’t really want their name above a string of shops. The original idea was greeting cards. Imagine Beatles greeting cards shops! They didn’t like that at all. Gradually they started drifting in on meetings and Apple Corps really evolved from there. Later it turned into this silly philosophy.” John Lennon was suitably scathing: Clive Epstein or some other such business freak came up to us and said you’ve got to spend so much money, or the tax will take you. We were thinking of opening a chain of retail clothes shops or some barmy thing like that… and we were all thinking that if we are going to open a shop, let’s open something we’re interested in, and we went through all these different ideas about this, that and the other. Paul had a nice idea about open­ing up white houses, where we would sell white china and things like that, everything white, because you can never get anything white, you know, which was pretty groovy, and it didn’t end up with that, it ended up with Apple and all this junk and The Fool [a Dutch design collective] and all those stupid clothes and all that. Clive Epstein, Brian’s brother, worked in the financial administration side of the New End Music Stores (NEMS), Epstein’s management company, and set to work. On April 19, 1967 the Beatles became a legal partnership sharing all of their income, whether from group, live or solo work (except songwriting). The Beatles and Co. Ltd was created to bind them together legally for ten years on a goodwill share issue of £1 million. The first anyone in the public would have known of it was on May 19, 1967, with the launch of Sgt Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band, which had a discreet green apple on the back sleeve. On November 17, The Beatles Ltd changed its name to Apple Music Ltd, and Apple Music Ltd became The Beatles Ltd. With Apple Music up and running, they began signing up artists. Grapefruit was the first, and John and Paul attended their first recording session, held at IBC Studios on Portland Place, on November 24, 1967. Yet the band wasn’t actually signed until December 11. John named them Grapefruit after the book of the same name given to him by Yoko two months earlier. Most of the group were former members of Tony Rivers and the Castaways, one of Brian Epstein’s groups. The Beatles attend a press event to launch Grapefruit on their Apple label on January 19th, 1968 [Photo: Getty Images] Rather than the proposed chain of card shops, the Beatles instead opted to open a clothes boutique, to be run by The Fool—three Dutch designers and an English publicist, who were anything but fools. Paul was having a fling with one of them. The shop opened on December 7, 1967 and closed seven months later on July 31, the Beatles having decided that they did not want to be involved with the rag trade. The Beatles and their staff and friends helped themselves to the clothes, then the public were let in to take anything they wanted for free — one item each. Apple’s first office was above the boutique, then shortly afterwards they moved to more permanent, although still temporary, offices at 95 Wigmore Street on January 22. The choice of Marylebone as a location was Paul McCartney’s: he knew the area well from living for several years in Wimpole Street in the house of his then girlfriend Jane Asher. Apple’s appointed A&R man, Peter Asher, also lived there in Weymouth Street, so it was convenient for both of them. On January 12, 1968 Apple Music Ltd, which had been in business since June 1963 as The Beatles Ltd, changed its name yet again, this time to Apple Corps Ltd, and The Beatles Film Productions Ltd changed its name to Apple Films Ltd. Apple Corps in turn controlled dozens of new companies: Apple Records Ltd, Apple Films Ltd, Apple Music Publishing Ltd and Apple Electronics Ltd; soon to be joined by Apple Wholesale Ltd, Apple Retail Ltd, Apple Television Ltd, Apple Publicity Ltd and more. The Apple School never got off the ground; it would have been run by Ivan Vaughan, an old friend who first introduced John and Paul to each other. Neil Aspinall spent weeks incorporating these companies and registering them as trademarks in every country in the world where it was possible to do so. This paid off in spades when Apple Computers launched the iPod and moved into music distribution. A series of lawsuits netted the Beatles many millions for copyright infringement. The Beatles with Neil Aspinall in 1964 [Photo: Getty Images] A record company needs a logo, and so Neil Aspinall, now managing director of Apple Corps Ltd, contacted Gene Mahon. He was the graphic designer from Dublin who had worked on the Sgt Pepper cover, laying out the back sleeve which contains the lyrics, marking the first time anyone had ever printed the lyrics on an album sleeve; usually you had to buy them from a sheet-music publisher. Neil told Gene that he needed a photograph of an apple to use on the centre label of Apple records. Gene immediately had the brilliant idea of using a photograph of an apple on the A-side of the record, with no writing or information, and on the B-side using a photograph of an apple sliced in half, to give a white background to all the relevant label copy for both sides. The left-hand side of the apple would be headed ‘This Side’ with the title of the track, the artist, the running time, the publishing and copyright information; the right-hand side would be headed ‘Other Side’ and would give the same information for the A-side. Gene commissioned Paul Castell to photograph a series of apples: red apples, green apples and sliced apples against different-colored backgrounds. Two days later they had an assortment of 2¼-inch transparencies of apples against red, blue, black, green and yellow backdrops. Gene selected the two he thought were the best but included the others for consideration. It turned out that it was a legal requirement for copyright to list the contents on both sides of the record, so that idea was out. Meetings were held and slides of various apples were projected on to office walls. Batches of eight-inch by ten-inch color prints were made, six at a time, one for each Beatle and one each for Neil Aspinall and Ron Kass, the head of Apple Records. Eventually they decided upon a nice shiny green Granny Smith on a black background. Alan Aldridge, former chief designer for Penguin Books who was to publish The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics, was brought in to draw the copyright lettering that surrounds the outer perimeter of each record. The finished artwork was sent to New York where the dye transfers were made from which all the labels would be printed. It had taken six months. The Beatles had encountered strong opposition to the sleeve of Sgt Pepperfrom EMI — on the grounds of cost — and felt that EMI were out of touch with them and with the youth record market. Apple was seen as a way of controlling their own “brand” as it would now be called. All along they had wanted to release more controversial and experimental material — John and Yoko’s Two Virgins being the best example, which EMI had refused point-blank to distribute. Soon after, the Zapple division was created specifically to do this.   Excerpted from The Zapple Diaries: The Rise and Fall of the Last Beatles Label, published by ABRAMS Books on September 27, 2016. Copyright © 2016 Barry Miles. Available for purchase at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, or your local independent. Related articles 7 Major Artists You Still Can't Stream On Spotify, Apple Music Or Anywhere Else Ringo was the secret ingredient and other revelations from Ron Howard's Beatles movie Ever Wondered How The Beatles Created The Strange Sound Of 'Tomorrow Never Knows'? Beatles' Companies Sued Over Shea Stadium Concert Footage Beatles' New Touring Documentary: 10 Things We Learned Posted by Guest Post on 10/04/2016 in D.I.Y., Indie Labels, Major Labels, Music Business | Permalink Comments Apple Music: Inside The Music Industry’s First Artist-Backed Startup This piece takes an in-depth look at the creation and history behind The Beatles' Apple Music, a company which was in many ways the industry's first artist backed startup. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • Seymour Stein Reveals “Embarrassing” Deal He Made With Madonna • Drake Redefines What Hit Album Is with 3B Spotify Streams • Best Music Biz Quotes • Band Files $30M Suit vs. Motley Crue After Paying $1M To Be Opening Act • Facebook: Musician's Friend Or A Massive Infringer? Recent Posts AM BRIEF: What.CD? Shuttered • Musictoday Finds Buyer • EchoNest CTO Exits • More How To Make A Music Chatbot (Minus The Gimmicks) Do Playlists Make It Harder To Break An Artist? ReverbNation Partners with The Fader's Publishing Network ASCAP Veteran Jon Bahr Joins CD Baby As VP of Music Publishing and Rights Management Yes, Live Nation Is Selling Tickets Directly To Scalpers 5 Alternate Ways Of Making Money From Your Music Emerging Artists Fund Launches Its 2nd Year THU. BRIEF: Flo & Eddie, SiriusXM Settle • FB Botches Metrics, Again • TicketNet Buys ScoreBig • More 4 Great Music Business Quotes Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Comments The Cat Daddy on Sonicbids To Shut Down ArtistData Next Month bobstoops on Growing Streams On Spotify: A Case Study Pitch Deck Brian Penick on 5 Things To Know In Advance Of Renewing Your Music Licenses Wm on U.S. Copyright Office Reopens DMCA Takedown and Safe Harbor Debate, Asks For Comments Wm. on U.S. Copyright Office Reopens DMCA Takedown and Safe Harbor Debate, Asks For Comments ameer rosic on What 4 Music Startups Reveal About The Future Of Music Frost Artist on SoundCloud Updates Creator Platform, Pledges To Pay More Artists musical store in indore on The Problem With Exclusive Music Blog Premieres [RAC] TonsoTunes on 5 Things To Know In Advance Of Renewing Your Music Licenses Mark Schumerth on Why The Rebirth Of Liner Notes Matters For Music <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google unveils Pixel phone in direct challenge to Apple Introducing Pixel, a new phone by Google Play! 01:24 James Titcomb 4 October 2016 • 7:00pm Google has taken the battle for supremacy in the mobile phone market directly to Apple by releasing its first full competitor to the iPhone. The Google Pixel, unveiled on Tuesday evening, is the first smartphone that is designed by the company and that bears its name. Its launch came as Google made the biggest foray into consumer electronics in its history, as it sought to shake off its reputation as purely an internet software company. Google has not traditionally attacked Apple head on, instead developing the Android software that powers phones made by Samsung, HTC and others and endorsing a range of “Nexus” handsets made by third parties. But while sales of Android phones eclipse those of the iPhone, Apple, which uniquely designs both the software and the hardware of its devices, has dominated the profitable high end of the market. Key features | Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones At £599, or from £719 for a larger “XL” model, the Pixel is placed firmly in Apple’s premium segment and comes with extras such as Google’s voice-controlled artificial intelligence assistant, unlimited photo storage and an advanced camera. It comes in 32GB and 128GB versions, carries a 12MP camera, and can charge to seven hours of battery in five minutes. The Pixel has a 5-inch screen, with 5.5-inches for the XL, features an aluminium and glass body and comes in two colours, named “quite black” and “very silver”. It has a USB-C charging port, and is the first phone to be compatible with Google’s new Daydream View virtual reality headset. The phone is the first with Google Assistant, the voice-controlled software designed to respond to queries, check calendar appointments and send messages. Google's Pixel phone will come in three colours eventually, although only black and silver will be available in the UK at first Credit: Google Unlike the previous series of Nexus phones, which were sold in limited quantities and largely online, Google will also focus on distributing the Pixel through mobile networks and retailers, selecting EE and Carphone Warehouse in the UK. “They are going towards an overall strategy where they want to make Google relevant and beyond a search [engine],” said Roberta Cozza, a research director at Gartner. “Android is doing perfectly well but it might be a way for them to gain a little bit more control and identity, and make the Google brand a little bit stronger than the Android brand, which has been pulled in too many directions.” Ms Cozza added that while the Pixel phone will not necessarily outsell rivals, it will serve as an example to other Android phone makers. The company has been frustrated by partners tweaking the software to relegate Google’s own services, and the company’s efforts to force manufacturers to adopt its services on Android phones have drawn scrutiny from the European Commission, which has accused the company of breaching competition law. Is Android better than iOS? The phone’s release comes as iPhone sales are falling for the first time, and Samsung is embroiled in the fallout from an embarrassing recall of millions of defective handsets. On Tuesday night, Google unveiled a series of new devices at a highly-anticipated event in San Francisco. It announced that the Google Home, its voice-controlled wireless speaker, would be released later this month ahead of a UK launch next year. The device follows the surprise success of Amazon’s Echo speaker, which went on sale in Britain last week and has left rivals scrambling to catch up. Google's Daydream View is made from fabric and 30 per cent lighter than other VR headsets Credit: Google The company also unveiled the Daydream View, a virtual reality headset designed to work with Android smartphones, entering a crowded field of manufacturers seeking to capitalise on interest in the new technology. While Google has experimented with hardware, Tuesday’s event marked its biggest push into selling its own electronics, which the company hopes will cement its services at the centre of users’ lives. “We are evolving from a mobile first to an AI first world,” said Sundar Pichai, Google’s chief executive. However, analysts were sceptical that the company’s belated push would be successful. “Google faces an uphill battle to succeed... because it does not have a strong track record of selling much of anything direct to consumers at scale,” said Julie Ask, principal analyst at Forrester Research. At a glance | Google’s Android Nougat   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Mobile phones Android Google Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Follow @RollingStone Why the Supreme Court Could Have One of Its Biggest Years Ever News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Long Reads RS Country More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Long Reads RS Country Lists Culture Galleries Glixel Interviews Artists Album Reviews Ram Report Movie Reviews Country Sessions Live Reviews Momentum Coverwall Had to Be There Podcasts Trending Matt Taibbi: President Obama's Last Stand Pink Floyd's Nick Mason on 'Early Years,' Syd Barrett,... Jon Stewart: 'Donald Trump Is a Repudiation of... Hear the Weeknd's Songs 'I Feel it Coming,' 'Party... Why the Supreme Court Could Have One of Its Biggest Years Ever Though the cases on docket are a bit of a snoozefest, there could be a historic shift in the balance of power The Supreme Court starts its new term this week. Credit: Mark Wilson/Getty By David S. Cohen October 4, 2016 More News Why Americans' Rights Are in Mortal Danger This November Trump's Assassination Dog Whistle Was Even Scarier Than You Think Why Dysfunction Reigns in the Supreme Court Right Now All Stories This week starts the new Supreme Court term and the beginning of a year that could go down in history as both one of the least and the most consequential ever for the Court. Related Donald Trump Doesn't Believe in the Constitution Beyond the Second Amendment, Trump shows outright disdain for the nation's fundamental organizing document It will be one of the least consequential because there are no blockbuster cases on the Court's docket. Although many of the cases will have effects throughout the country, none of them rises to the level of cases the Supreme Court has heard in recent years about immigration, abortion, same-sex marriage, affirmative action, Obamacare, religion and other issues. Sure, there’s a very important patent case involving two mammoth tech companies. Apple wants Samsung to pay the full value of its smartphones for infringing on Apple's patents, while Samsung thinks it should pay just the value of the disputed components. Given the market reach of these two brands, this case involves a lot of money and could have ramifications for all of us who use their products. There are also important cases involving race and voting districts, whether a church daycare can be carved out of otherwise publicly available funds for playground material, whether a state can use an out-of-date standard to evaluate whether a death row prisoner is so mentally incapacitated that he can't be executed, and when a school can deny a child the right to have a service dog in class. And, in a case the Court just agreed to review last week, the justices will determine whether the federal trademark office can refuse trademark protection to an Asian-American rock band that wanted to name itself The Slants. The government refused to register the name, saying that it was a racist term. Now the Supreme Court will determine whether doing so violates the band's First Amendment rights. Lurking in the background of the case is the long-simmering dispute over the name of Washington's NFL team, which had its trademark canceled for the same reasons. But to be frank, for most non-law professors, the cases on tap are real snoozefests. That said, for reasons separate from the actual cases before the Court, this year could be one of the most consequential in recent history. That's because the Court starts its new session this week with a vacancy. Ever since Justice Antonin Scalia died in February, the high court has had only eight justices, rather than its usual nine. In March, President Obama nominated Judge Merrick Garland to the Court, but Senate Republicans have refused to act on the nomination. Judge Garland's nomination has long passed the previous record for a nomination to languish, and there's no end in sight. Which means that, barring a miraculous change of heart from Senate Republicans, the next president is going to decide who the ninth Supreme Court justice is. If Hillary Clinton wins, she could continue the nomination of Judge Garland or she could nominate her own replacement. Either option would change the fabric of the Supreme Court by creating a five-justice liberal majority, something the Court hasn't had in decades. If Donald Trump wins, he has said he would try to appoint someone in the Justice Scalia mold. There are conservatives who are concerned that Trump might disappoint in this regard and appoint an unknown, but chances are that as the standard-bearer of the Republican Party, he would appoint someone who was conservative, even if not as conservative as Justice Scalia was. Given the stakes, it's frankly shocking that the candidates have not been talking about the Supreme Court more on the campaign trail. It didn't come up once during the first presidential debate last week, and it's rare that anyone – the candidates or the media – seems to pay attention to this issue at all. The stakes are so high here because a Supreme Court nomination lasts far longer than the president's term. With Justice Anthony Kennedy as one of the current swing votes on the Court, we're still feeling the effects of the Reagan presidency. The next president will be able to do the same to future generations with whoever he or she picks. In fact, given the age of other justices on the Court, it's very likely the next president will appoint at least two, if not more, new justices to the Court. Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg (who is 83), Kennedy (80) and Stephen Breyer (78) are, by all accounts, doing fine in terms of mental and physical health, but they are at ages where that can't be taken for granted going forward. With every passing year, the chances of one of them retiring or dying increases. The new president will have to fill the Scalia vacancy and very possibly another one created by one of these justices. This would have monumental ramifications in many areas of the law, but in particular in the area of abortion. Right now, of the eight justices on the Court, there are five who support the right to abortion (Kennedy, Ginsburg, Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan) and three who oppose it (John Roberts, Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito). Note that the three older justices listed above are all in the group that supports the right to abortion. Imagine if one of them leaves the Court during this next president's term. If Clinton is in the White House, she would presumably appoint two justices who support abortion, giving the Court a 6-3 margin in favor of abortion rights. However, if Trump is president, he would presumably appoint two justices who are against abortion. That would give the court a 5-4 margin against abortion rights. Over the past four decades, we've heard at various times that Roe v. Wade and abortion rights are at stake in various cases and political contests. A lot of that has been overblown rhetoric not matched by reality, as the Court has been relatively stable in supporting Roe (except for a short period of time in the late 1980s/early 1990s). However, to say that Roe v. Wade hangs in the balance at this point in time is not at all an exaggeration. Which is why it's mind-boggling that the candidates aren't talking about the Supreme Court. Even though this current term's cases are bound to be less consequential than in recent years, the possible shifts in the balance of power on the Court could be some of the most consequential in Court history. More News Why Americans' Rights Are in Mortal Danger This November Trump's Assassination Dog Whistle Was Even Scarier Than You Think Why Dysfunction Reigns in the Supreme Court Right Now All Stories Topics: Merrick Garland Antonin Scalia Election 2016 Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Abortion Supreme Court Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Matt Taibbi: President Obama's Last Stand 9.6 Pink Floyd's Nick Mason on 'Early Years,' Syd... 9.2 Jon Stewart: 'Donald Trump Is a Repudiation... 8.2 Hear the Weeknd's Songs 'I Feel it Coming,'... 7.8 Hear John Mayer's First New Song in Three... 7.4 © Rolling Stone 2016 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Google gently leads Intel into its cloud: This is for your own good HPE tape library permits unauthorised remote access vSphere 6.5 goes GA, gains surprise powers to predict the future FYI Apple fans – iCloud slurps your call histories Microsoft ❤️ Linux? Microsoft ❤️ running its Windows' SQL Server software on Linux Mozilla launches 'privacy edition' Firefox... that phones home Alibaba misses Java seat as MicroProfile champ lands a first 'Podling' Apache projects are spending longer in the incubator Three to appear in court over TalkTalk hack Hackers' modular worm builder hoses popular team web chat apps Three Mobile, two alleged hackers, one big customer database heist The encryption conundrum: Should tech compromise or double down? The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Infrastructure as code: The road to continuous everything Microsoft's development platform today: What you need to know Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? Policy The Channel Contracts trading personal data for digital content: Rights to remedy, redress required Salesforce claims it's on track to become a $10bn company next fiscal year The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... The Naked Product Launch: 30 seconds to sell a robot Apple admits the iPhone 6 Plus has 'Touch Disease' Qualcomm taps Samsung to make next-gen 10nm Snapdragon Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor SPB Geek's Guide Pluto has massive underground oceans, say astro-boffins Physicists have built the world's fastest quantum simulator NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things IoT upstart Sigfox gulps down €150m funding but falls short of target AI gives porn peddlers a helping hand Helping autonomous vehicles and humans share the road ESA lofts one astronaut and four Galileo satellites into orbit Verity Stob Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Searching for 'Fatty Kim the Third' banned on Chinese social media 'Post-truth' beats 'chatbot' to Word of the Year Crown More like this Smartphones Sapphire Personal Tech Stingy sapphire lens in Apple's iPhone 7 is as scratchy as glass Campaign for Real Minerals, queue here 4 Oct 2016 at 17:58, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Chirp! Let's hear it for data over audio Kotkin: Why Trump won Apple claims its iPhone is the world’s most popular digital camera, but perhaps it isn’t as robust as it should be. Hardware buff Zack Nelson has found that Cupertino's sapphire glass uses a lower-quality material, making it as prone to scratching as regular tempered glass. Sapphire boast ... Screenshot of Apple.com According to Apple, sapphire material covers the sensor of the new iPhone 7, but that’s not the full story, according to JerryRigEverything, a YouTube channel that focuses on product durability. On the Mohs scale of mineral hardness, the latest versions of tempered glass such as Gorilla Glass scratch at level 6 or 7, while sapphire only shows scratches at 8 or 9. The iPhone 7’s camera scratches at 6, the same as the versions of Gorilla Glass on the market. “A [Mohs strength] 6, 7 and 8 pick all leave a mark, scratching much sooner than sapphire crystals should scratch,” Nelson said. Testing using an X-ray fluorescence machine and an electron microscope suggests that the iPhone 7 camera is protected by carbon and a very thin silicon layer – possibly to minimize reflection. Youtube Video In short, the iPhone 7 lens isn't more scratch-prone than anyone else's – it just isn't as scratch-resistant as the marketing suggests. “How impure can your sapphire be, and still call it sapphire?” asks Nelson. Apple has already admitted the jet black casing of its iPhone 7 models is prone to scratching: "Its high shine may show fine micro abrasions with use ... we suggest you use one of the many cases available to protect your iPhone," the California giant recommends. Earlier this year, JerryRigEverything discovered that the “tablet class liquid cooling” that Microsoft VP Panos Panay had claimed was built into the Lumia 950 XL (“we push that technology to every limit possible”) turned out to be a copper heat sink. Top sleuthing. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 32 Comments More from The Register Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones From the HoloLens to the PlayStation VR, all VR kit is descended from the first iPhone 49 Comments Humanity will only buy 47 smartphones per SECOND in 2016 Last year we bought 44 per second, but growth has slowed so its frowning time 16 Comments Masked men 'steal' £250k of smartphones from Exertis 170 iPhone 6s and 380 Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo mobes out the windows 15 Comments Anti-theft kill switches in smartphones just got a little less creepy US peeps now get more control over tracking and remote wipes 19 Comments Mozilla officially kills Firefox OS for smartphones in favour of 'Connected Devices' Version 2.6, expected in May, will be the last release 30 Comments It takes two to Tango: Lenovo bets on phabs, snap-on smartphones Don't expect products to converge any time soon, though 3 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Empowering E-commerce against unpredictable demand Exploring common challenges facing E-commerce platform and B2C website managers planning for the holiday shopping rush and bolstering services to meet customer demands. Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile The need for comprehensive email security is greater than ever Email continues to be the most common attack vector by which networks are compromised and malware spread. Most read Antivirus tools are a useless box-ticking exercise says Google security chap PoisonTap fools your PC into thinking the whole internet lives in an rPi UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn British banks chuck smartphone apps out of Windows Here's how the missile-free Royal Navy can sink enemy ships after 2018 Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down The Facebook Fake News Moral Panic. Just a second... Customer data security is our highest priori- ha ha ha whatever, suckers NetApp's regeneration could be deep surgery or anti-wrinkle cream Facebook Telecom Infrastructure Project starts chucking rocks at mobile model Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Pixel Google launches Pixel phone in direct bid to take on Apple's iPhone Search company unveils first own-brand phone with 12 megapixel cameras and unlimited photo storage, pitting it directly against Apple Google Pixel phone launch – as it happened Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home Google Pixel is the company’s first own-brand smartphone, featuring its new artificial personal Assistant and award-winning camera. Photograph: Google Samuel Gibbs Wednesday 5 October 2016 07.53 EDT Last modified on Thursday 13 October 2016 16.03 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old Google has launched two own-brand smartphones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, in a bid to take on Apple and its iPhone 7 head on. The two Android smartphones are the first to carry Google’s branding without being associated with another manufacturer and are a clear mark in the sand by the Android-maker: the fight with Apple is now on for the top premium smartphone. Google even went as far as to reference Apple on stage, showing a “storage full” message from an iPhone, something it said the Pixel would avoid with unlimited full resolution backups of photos and videos using Google Photos’ cloud storage. Samuel Gibbs (@SamuelGibbs) Burn. Unlimited full res photo and video (4K included) backup on Google Pixel. No more storage full alerts. Apple. pic.twitter.com/2yICubIVLQ October 4, 2016 James Nugent, product manager for Pixel, said: “We’re putting a stake in the ground for the Android ecosystem in terms of what we think is the best from both the software and hardware point of view, which has been developed and made by Google.” The Google phones come in two sizes with either a 5in or a 5.5in screen, have the latest processor the Snapdragon 821 from industry leader Qualcomm, aluminium bodies and the next version of Android 7.1 Nougat. The Pixel smartphones also have 12 megapixel cameras with large 1.55 micrometre pixels for boosted low light performance on the back, which were awarded a rating of 89 by camera analysts DxOMark, making it the highest ranked smartphone camera to date, beating both Apple’s iPhone 7 with 87 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge with 88. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sabrina Ellis speaks about the Pixel’s quick charging - 7hrs in 15mins - at the Google launch event Photograph: Google For Google, however, the most important part of the Pixel phones is the new Google Assistant, which replaces Google Now and Google voice search previously available to other Android smartphones with a new integrated smart assistant. Nugent said: “This is the first device with Google Assistant, a conversational, contextually aware assistant that will help you through you day. You can talk to it, ask it various questions and it will provide a consistent experience throughout, as well as prompting you with information when it thinks its relevant.” Ana Corrales, vice president of global operations and Google Store, said: “We’re leveraging 18 years of search and evolving it into an assistant powered by machine learning and artificial intelligence that we believe will be the next wave of computing for the next 10 years or so and it will get better and better as people use it.” Google Assistant will be available through the familiar “OK Google” hotword, which can be said at any time, and a long press of the Pixel’s home button. But the Assistant access through the Pixel is just one of a new roster of devices Google is pushing, including a new Amazon Echo-like speaker, Google Home, and future products including tablets and smartwatches. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Assistant on the Google Pixel phone Photograph: Google Assistant will be able to answer questions, perform actions and help get things done through voice and text, learning your preferences and habits over time and pulling information from all of Google’s disparate services. Google Assistant will be the Pixel phones’ unique selling point, at least in the short term, in a very competitive market where Apple and Samsung dominate, but neither have been able to crack the useful integrated and intelligent personal assistant. The Pixel will also have unlimited full resolution phone backup with Google Photos, where other smartphones are limited in photo size and quality. They will be some of the first devices to feature the latest version of 4G - cat 9 LTE advanced - for the fastest possible data speeds, 4G calling and Wi-Fi calling, supported by EE as Google’s exclusive network partner in the UK. Google will also provide a so-called Quick Switch Adapter to import iMessages, photos, videos, contacts and other data directly from Apple’s iPhone, clearly targeting users disenfranchised with Apple’s recent efforts. The 5in Pixel will cost £599 with 32GB of storage or £699 with 128GB of storage. The 5.5in Pixel XL will cost £719 with 32GB of storage or £819 with 128GB of storage. Both models match the pricing of Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. They will be available through EE, via Google’s online store and Carphone Warehouse in the UK. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Daydream Viewer with the new Google Pixel phone. Photograph: Google The Pixel and Pixel XL will also be the first smartphones compatible with the Google’s new virtual reality headset called Daydream View, and a controller. The device, similar in idea to Samsung’s Gear VR accessory, is a step up from the company’s basic Cardboard viewer and represents the next phase in Google’s push for virtual reality, complete with a new minimum specification for Daydream compatible smartphones. Andrey Doronichev, Google’s product Manager for VR, said: “Most of the other headsets out there that are bulky, made of plastic with connectors and cables everywhere. Daydream is none of these things. It’s made of fabric, very lightweight and it feels like clothing, not like a piece of electronics. “Cardboard is a great way to get introduced to VR with short experiences, but we designed it without a head strap for a reason for quick, bitesize experiences. By contrast Daydream is designed for long term, high quality VR for a much more immersive and richly interactive experience.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google’s new Home voice-controlled speaker. Photograph: Google Alongside the Pixel smartphones Google also launched its take on the Amazon Echo called Google Home, which represents a different in-home outlet for the company’s smart assistant. Home is a small speaker equipped with a series of far-field microphones capable of responding to voice commands, controlling other smarthome devices, setting timers, playing music and giving access to Google’s voice search. But Assistant goes beyond relatively simple voice recognition, and as on the Pixel smartphones, can pull personal information, schedules, the weather and other day-to-day activities. It is designed as an artificial intelligence in-home helper. Explaining how Home would work in day-to-day life, Gummi Hafsteinsson, product management director on the Assistant engineering team said: “The other day I was trying to cook some eggplant, so I said ‘OK Google, how do I cook an eggplant?’ It then described it to me and said I had to cook it for 25 minutes, so I just said ‘OK, Google, set a timer for 25 minutes’ and it was done. I didn’t have to touch anything, because my hands are busy doing something in the kitchen, and I can just get it to play music while I wait. “The long-term vision is for the assistant be available wherever you need it, not just on your phone. In your home, your car, wherever. For now, it’s just the new phone from Google and the Home,” added Hafsteinsson. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The base of the Google Home speaker comes in multiple colours. Photograph: Google Google Home will be released in the US in the near future, but the company has yet to announce release details for the UK. Google also launched an updated version of it’s instant smart TV dongle, the Chromecast Ultra, which supports 4K streaming and will cost £69. Google Pixel phone launch – as it happened Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home More news Topics Pixel Google Alphabet Android Mobile phones More… Smartphones Virtual reality Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content more on this story Google announces first smartphone Pixel – as it happened Google launches iPhone rival emphasising Google Assistant as well as Daydream VR, Home smart speaker and more at live event Published: 4 Oct 2016 Google announces first smartphone Pixel – as it happened Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home Published: 4 Oct 2016 Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home Why the internet of things is the new magic ingredient for cyber criminals John Naughton Published: 2 Oct 2016 Why the internet of things is the new magic ingredient for cyber criminals most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Pixel Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News Naspers core earnings up by a quarter Top - World China’s tech sector looks to profit from Trump Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Google just debuted an iPhone killer Google is embarking on a wholesale revamp of its mobile phone strategy, debuting a pair of slick and powerful handsets that for the first time will go head-to-head with Apple’s iconic iPhone. By Mark Gurman. Added by Agency Staff on 4 October 2016. Saved under In-depth, Top Tags: Apple, Google, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, LG, LG Electronics, Pixel, Pixel XL, Qualcomm, Samsung, Sundar Pichai Tweet Google is embarking on a wholesale revamp of its mobile phone strategy, debuting a pair of slick and powerful handsets that for the first time will go head-to-head with Apple’s iconic iPhone. The company on Tuesday unveiled the Pixel and larger Pixel XL, the first phones that were conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested in-house. The Pixel handsets feature a Siri-like virtual assistant, flashy camera features and are the first to boast Android’s new Nougat 7.1 operating system. Their debut signals Google’s push into the US$400bn smartphone hardware business and shows that the company is willing to risk alienating partners like Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics that sell Android-based phones. “Google is now the seller of record of this phone,” said Rick Osterloh, chief of the company’s new hardware division. He notes that the company is now managing inventory, building relationships with carriers, sourcing components, making supply chain deals and managing distribution. Google is even making accessories, including cases and cables. Until now, Google had satisfied itself with dipping a toe into the smartphone hardware business with the six-year-old Nexus programme, a co-branding effort that outsourced the vast majority of development to other smartphone makers. While well regarded, Nexus handsets were mostly a way for Google to experiment. But along the way, executives began to see the benefit of the Apple approach: a unified portfolio of consumer electronics products — phones, tablets, watches, computers — that lock users into its services. Getting into the smartphone hardware business is a big, risky financial and operational commitment. But Google needed its own handset to ensure distribution for its Web services, and more complex offerings like virtual and augmented reality. So, in the summer of 2015, CEO Sundar Pichai approved the Pixel project; development began last autumn (South African spring). “The difference with this device is that we started from the beginning,” says Dave Burke, who runs Android engineering. By contrast, Google’s contributions to Nexus phones typically didn’t happen until they were 90% done. Custom silicon When Osterloh, 44, came on board in mid-April, he brought Google’s hardware groups into one division, shutting projects he didn’t see contributing to Google’s future. Now the engineers and designers from Google Glass, Chromecast and Pixel all work together. Keeping them separate, he says, made it “hard to drive toward the goal of portfolio strategy and focus”. Reflecting long-held ambitions to build an Apple-style supply chain, the hardware division now has a supply management team, drawing on the expertise of the Nest smart home unit acquired by Google nearly three years ago. Google declined to say how much it’s spending on the effort. However, Jason Bremner, a former Qualcomm executive who works on Google’s hardware products, put it in context. “Part of being the seller of record means that inventory, that supply chain risk — you know, hundreds of millions of dollars on the line on any given day — that’s on Google now,” he said. Now that Google is designing phones itself, the company can at long last put together a product roadmap going out several years. For example, last month Burke was able to see a photo taken by a Google handset that won’t debut until next fall. That “would have never happened with Nexus”, he says. Going forward, more and more of the phones’ guts will be developed in-house. Burke says the company will eventually be able to ship its own custom “silicon”, a buzzword for customised processors that make devices work better. It’s a very different setup from Osterloh’s previous Google gig, when he ran the Motorola division. “While we were part of Google, we were very arm’s-length,” he says. Now his team gets early access to the company’s advances in machine learning and innovations from the Assistant group. The Pixel phones will also be the first to run the next version of Android, Nougat 7.1, complete with Google tie-ins like pro camera effects, instant chat support, and a service that automatically frees up phone storage via the cloud. Still, Google has deliberately built a firewall between the hardware and Android divisions so other phone makers’ proprietary technology doesn’t leak. Hiroshi Lockheimer, who runs the Android unit and is a longtime Osterloh pal, says his group will treat the hardware team like any customer. “Samsung is a very important partner, as is LG, Huawei and so on,” he says. “Rick is an important partner. Samsung tells us confidential information about their product line, their plans. We won’t tell LG that, and vice versa. That continues. Everyone is treated the same, including Rick’s team.” Osterloh show When Osterloh demonstrated the Pixel phones at Google’s Mountain View, California, headquarters recently, it was immediately clear the craftsmanship is light years ahead of the flimsy US$1 500 Google Glass headsets and plastic Chromecast media players of yore. With their metal frames and precisely honed bezels and edges, the Pixels (which come in silver, black and limited-edition blue) have more in common with the elegant gear from Nest. The phones feature cameras that can snap photos quicker than the blink of an eye, app speeds once reserved for laptops and battery life that bests last year’s non-Google made Nexus phones. Osterloh proudly showed how one can twist the phone mid-air to activate the selfie camera. “That’s pretty cool,” he says. Also notable is a fingerprint scanner that doubles as a trackpad (other Android phone makers will get to enable this, too) and software-enhanced gyroscopes that reduce shakiness in recorded video, stabilisation that Osterloh calls “out of this world good”. The new phones are made up of off-the-shelf components from several suppliers, including a Snapdragon processor, and are assembled in Taiwan by HTC. But there is still custom work inside this first version, including wireless modem technology that has evolved from earlier experiments with Nexus. The Pixel also has chipsets optimised by Google that makes photo-taking and touchscreen response times much faster than any Android device yet built, Burke says. The Google Assistant was developed separately from Android and offers suggestions based on previous queries. For example, it can list San Francisco landmarks after being asked earlier about the local weather. While Google has contracted HTC to assemble the Pixel phones, Osterloh says the approach is no different than Apple’s partnership with iPhone builder Foxconn. Flip the Pixel over and you’ll see “Made by Google”, another tip of the hat to Apple, which has long made much of the fact that its phones are “designed by Apple in California”. Osterloh says Google will never say the Pixel is co-engineered with anyone else. He proudly proclaims, “It’s ours.”  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 10Brian Molefe quits as Eskom CEO 9Vodacom to launch VOD platform 9New ICT BEE code comes into force 8New protector must probe Thuli: ANC 7Social media analysis pointing to Trump upset Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
SIGN IN REGISTER Friday, November 18 2016 | Home Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it debuts on the JSE Companies / Retail & Consumer 46 minutes ago Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Most Read 1. Acsa staff call for probe into corruption after ... Companies / Transport & Tourism 2. Century-old DCD in business rescue Companies / Energy 3. Bob Diamond: The misadventures of a banker in ... Companies / Financial Services Unilateral changes in mining charter worry the industry Business 2 hours ago Most Read 1. Getting shovels into the cash pile Business 2. Civil debt judgments continue to decline Business 3. Radebe calls for united front ahead of ratings ... Business Dodging downgrade bullet only a stay of execution, warn economists Economy 8 hours ago Most Read 1. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 2. Ratings agencies start talks on SA Economy 3. South African motor industry’s total sales ... Economy Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Life / Books 1 hour ago Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Most Read 1. Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 2. Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at ... Life / Arts & Entertainment 3. Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top ... Life / Arts & Entertainment Bonds off session worst level as rand bounces back Markets 45 seconds ago Most Read 1. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes ... Markets 2. Rand steady as Yellen gives first comments since ... Markets 3. Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar Markets Constitutional watchdog asks to join DA court challenge over ICC National 26 minutes ago National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Most Read 1. Zuma joins outcry over man allegedly assaulted ... National 2. WATCH: Zuma’s dangerous power plays National 3. Health of economy comes before judges’ pay rises, ... National EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? Opinion 4 hours ago Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Most Read 1. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists 2. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 3. In spite of Zuma, SA’s crucial cogs turn Opinion / Columnists ANC probes unpopular Western Cape councillor’s refusal to resign Politics 56 minutes ago Most Read 1. Political firestorm is raging in SA's criminal ... Politics 2. POLITICS LIVE: Struggle rebels launch 'People’s ... Politics 3. ANC seeks to placate irate party veterans Politics Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 7 hours ago Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Most Read 1. Arsene Wenger has shot at sinking rival Mourinho Sport / Soccer 2. Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Sport / Cricket 3. Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby Safe landing for Chinese space capsule with two astronauts on board World / Asia 2 hours ago World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Most Read 1. Activists abducted, beaten ahead of planned ... World / Africa 2. Mozambique declares three days of mourning as it ... World / Africa 3. Sniffer rats may soon be used to detect smuggled ... World / Africa Sign In Register Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Business Economy Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Markets National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Politics Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East BL Premium SIGN IN REGISTER Health of economy comes before judges’ pay rises, says the chief justice 2 hours ago No pay rises are proposed for cabinet, ministers, MPs, traditional leaders and judges in 2016-17 by the commission on remuneration for public office bearers Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes for 2017 It's not even Thanksgiving yet, but Goldman Sachs Group Inc. is already preparing for 2017. In a note to clients on Thursday, a team led by Chief Credit ... Markets 6 hours ago Rand 1.2% weaker against surging dollar The greenback extends gains across the board against emerging-market currencies as investors hone in on bullish comments from Janet Yellen on interest rates Markets 5 hours ago WATCH: Zuma’s dangerous power plays The Editing Allowed panel of editors ask if President Jacob Zuma’s power plays are making him more dangerous for the economy National 1 hour ago State Security Minister Mahlobo under fire for ‘dangerous creep’ State Security Minister David Mahlobo has presided over a "dangerous creep" of state security into politics and public life National 4 hours ago Dis-Chem announces plans to double in size as it debuts on the JSE As family controlled medicines retailer Dis-Chem made its R20bn JSE debut, founder CEO Ivan Saltzman spelled out its expansion plans Companies / Retail & Consumer 46 minutes ago Murray & Roberts’s shares jump after Gautrain agreement Construction group says the Gauteng provincial government has agreed to pay nearly R1.3bn in disputed Gautrain bills Companies / Industrials 5 hours ago SA’s diplomats living it up abroad The Treasury unit’s warning on pampered envoys’ multibillion-rand bill is unlikely to slow spending, says analyst National 10 hours ago How Wal-Mart is using blockchain to make food safer With the blockchain, Wal-Mart will be able to get crucial data from a single receipt, including suppliers, details on how and where food was grown and who ... Companies 2 hours ago Mozambique declares three days of mourning as it probes deadly tanker blast Authorities think residents may have been taking petrol after the vehicle had crashed, or had been abandoned by drivers fearing it would explode World / Africa 2 hours ago EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? As the Guptas put the squeeze on the Oppenheimers, another Cosatu union suggests that Zuma leave office Opinion 4 hours ago Report puts a number on possible national minimum wage National Economic Development and Labour Council (Nedlac) social partners will consider a final report on the introduction of a national minimum wage this ... National / Labour 4 hours ago Start-up Sigfox raises $160m in move toward ‘internet of things’ Sigfox has already built a global wireless network connecting over 10-million objects to the cloud at low cost by relying on surrounding sources of energy Companies 2 hours ago A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Shame, Sport and Recreation Minister Fikile Mbalula feels he has fallen victim to cyber bullies seeking special treatment, writes Gareth van Onselen Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Gareth van Onselen Columnist Snapchat’s youthful founders are fearless in their race to go public It is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, but the messaging company is planning an IPO just two years after it first began to ... Companies 2 hours ago CEO x 1 Day: new skills for the next generation SPONSORED: Odgers Berndtson's CEO x 1 Day lets MBA students spend a day with executives. Click to read more about today's CEO skills, leadership and more. Companies / Management 23 days ago Dollar hits a new high on market speculation about Trump economic policies The dollar is at a 14-year high with US bonds rising sharply and markets betting that American inflation and interest rates are headed higher Markets 3 hours ago VW to cut 30,000 jobs as it struggles to recover from emissions cheating scandal Two-thirds of the cuts will come from Volkswagen’s plants in Germany, under an agreement with labour that has taken months to reach World / Europe 5 hours ago Labour deal on the cards to avert junk Events of the coming week will be crucial as labour, business and government hold last-minute talks to secure labour stability, including a national minimum ... National / Labour 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Embattled David Mahlobo reported to the public protector DA says the state security minister ‘told a bald-faced lie’ in the National Assembly when he said student leader Mcebo Dlamini had never been to his home National 7 hours ago Load more BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. SA CEOs seventh best paid in the world, says ... Economy 2. SA’s diplomats living it up abroad National 3. Labour deal on the cards to avert junk National / Labour 4. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 5. NATASHA MARRIAN: Jacob Zuma up to his ... Opinion / Columnists Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. View all > Opinion views & analysis EDITORS’ LUNCHBOX: Can embattled Mahlobo be trusted? As the Guptas put the squeeze on the Oppenheimers, another Cosatu union suggests that Zuma leave office Read More Gareth van Onselen Columnist A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Shame, Sport and Recreation Minister Fikile Mbalula feels he has fallen victim to cyber bullies seeking special treatment, writes Gareth van Onselen Read More CARTOON: Death Presidents' Society Friday, November 18 2016 Read More View all > Markets & Economy data, indicators & analysis 1. Bonds off session worst level as rand bounces back Markets 45 seconds ago 2. Rand recovers somewhat on marginal dollar weakness Markets 1 minute ago 3. Gold slides as dollar surges to a near 14-year high over rate hike expectations Markets 2 hours ago 4. JSE positive as rand hedge industrials provide support Markets 3 hours ago 5. Dollar hits a new high on market speculation about Trump economic policies Markets 3 hours ago View all > Video watch the news unfold Editing Allowed part 2: Trump's trillion dollar plan Read Full Article Editing Allowed part 2: Trump's trillion dollar plan Editing Allowed part 1: Zuma's dangerous power play How CEOs can make the most of the next generation of workers Businesses' Brexit conundrum Business Tools make your life easier Share Search GO Type in a share code or part of a company’s name in the Company Lookup box, then select the company name from the list of results and click Go to view its tearsheet with share data,news and more. Get the latest unit trust data Calendar JSE Sens Capital & Regional PLC - Disposal of The Mall, Camberley Index Change Advice – 20161121 Fairvest Property Hldgs Shares In Issue and Free Float Update City Lodge Hotels Ltd - Results of AGM Middle East Diamond Resources Ltd - Results of annual general meeting View all > BL Premium exclusively for our subscribers How the good times ended for SABMiller Ann Crotty The SA Breweries you knew and loved, which listed on the JSE back in 1897, is no more. After Anheuser-Busch InBev’s $109bn takeover last month, apprehension is stalking the corridors of the SA beer icon. But for new boss Carlos Brito, the numbers will trump all Read More JPMorgan to pay $264m penalty for hiring 'princelings' David J Lynch , Jennifer Hughes and Martin Arnold Employees knew the company could be breaking the law law, but carried on making improper hires because the rewards and new deals were ‘deemed too lucrative’ Read More Editor's Note: America gets its own Zuma Rob Rose Let’s hope that Donald Trump, like Jacob Zuma, is an ineffectual leader. Because if he takes his job seriously, the world should be very afraid, writes Rob Rose Read More Nasdaq’s new chief has company blood running through her veins Nicole Bullock When Adena Friedman replaces Bob Greifeld in December she will take the helm of a company that is vastly different from the one she joined as an intern Read More Top Stories editor’s news selection 1. Brexit and Trump: has predictability gone up the poll? Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Anthony Butler Columnist 2. MICHAEL FRIDJHON: Wine awards add zest and balance to the industry Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM 3. Will computers be eager to play and please? Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Michel Pireu Columnist 4. Goldman Sachs spells out 'top 10' market themes for 2017 Markets 6 hours ago 5. A hug for Fikile 'Razzmatazz' Mbalula Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Gareth van Onselen Columnist 6. In spite of Zuma, SA’s crucial cogs turn Opinion / Columnists 8 hours ago BL PREMIUM Peter Bruce Editor-in-chief, BDFM 7. Don’t discount Trump’s abilities Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Stephen Cranston Associate editor 8. Blowback for deluded moral guardians Opinion / Columnists 10 hours ago BL PREMIUM Simon Lincoln Reader Columnist Comments / top and trending articles by comments Top Trending View all > Sport results, opinions and personalities Sport / Cricket 7 hours ago Faf du Plessis charged with ball tampering Any win will do for battered Springboks Sport / Rugby 9 hours ago Proteas may opt for Tabraiz Shamsi for more spin Sport / Cricket 9 hours ago Arsene Wenger has shot at sinking rival Mourinho Sport / Soccer 9 hours ago View all > Lifestyle art, culture, music and more Life / Books 1 hour ago Noah’s father’s name ‘not even on birth certificate’ Cape Town’s CBD is getting younger Life 1 hour ago Supa Strikas a winner for Backbone Studios at YouTube awards Life / Arts & Entertainment 2 hours ago Star animation duo at Talia Productions scoop top prize Life / Arts & Entertainment 10 hours ago Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2016 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVI

  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple Releases Second Beta of iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 to Devs Updated GO Public Beta builds are coming in the next few days Oct 4, 2016 17:25 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Just a few minutes ago, Apple started seeding the second Beta builds of its upcoming iOS 10.1, tvOS 10.0.1, and watchOS 3.1 operating systems to developers enrolled in the Apple Developer program. The iOS 10.1 Beta 2 (14B67), watchOS 3.1 Beta 2 (14S464), and tvOS 10.0.1 Beta 2 (14U66) releases come just one day after Apple seeded the third Beta build of the macOS Sierra 10.12.1 operating system to developers. They contain various bug fixes and improvements, and iOS 10.1 Beta 2 comes with support for iPhone 7 Plus portrait photos. As usual, Apple warns devs attempting to install the new Beta builds of iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 that it should only be deployed on their registered devices dedicated to iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 beta software development. Additionally, you can also download the second Beta release of the Xcode 8.1 IDE. Public Beta builds coming soon At the moment of writing this article, the iOS 10.1 Beta 2, watchOS 3.1 Beta 2, and tvOS 10.0.1 Beta 2 builds have not been seeded to public beta testers, but that could change any moment, or in the next 24 hours. Therefore, we suggest to bookmark this page and check it at a later time as we will update it when the Public Beta versions are out. If you don't know how to join the Public Beta program and install iOS 10.1 on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch devices, we strongly recommend reading our in-depth "Here's How to Install iOS 10 Public Beta on Your iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch" tutorial. However, please try to keep in mind that Beta releases aren't recommended to end users. Update: As expected, exactly 24 hours after releasing the Developer Beta 2 of iOS 10.1 to registered devs, Apple is now seeding the Public Beta 2 of the upcoming point release of the iOS 10 mobile operating system. Check out the tutorial above if you want to install it, or update your Public Beta 1 installation right now. #iOS 10.1 Beta 2#watchOS 3.1 Beta 2#tvOS 10.0.1 Beta 2#Xcode 8.1 Beta 2#Apple subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news iPhone 7 Undergoes Camera Scratch Resistance Test As Apple Says It Used Sapphire No Joke: There’s a Candle That Smells like a New Apple MacBook Apple Seeds Third Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.1 to Devs, Public Beta Testers - Updated iPhone 6 Plus Catches Fire in Student’s Back Pocket Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk Microsoft Replaces Command Prompt with PowerShell in Latest Windows 10 Build Microsoft Can’t Kill Linux Right Now, The Linux Foundation Director Says iPhone 6 and 6 Plus “Touch Disease” Repairs Cost $149, Apple Says Hacker Breaks into Italian Government Website, 45,000 Users Exposed Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Leaks in Press Render NVIDIA Makes Available New GeForce Graphics Hotfix Driver - Version 375.95 Three UK Hacked, Details of 6 Million Customers at Risk    iOS 10.1 Beta 2 released new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Load old comments   iPhones Fail More Often than Android, Overheating and Apps Top Reasons more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
The Verge The Google Phone The inside story of Google’s bold bet on hardware By Dieter Bohn | Photography by James Bareham In a nationally televised commercial that premiered last month, an empty search box sitting against a stark white background slowly morphs, becoming taller and skinnier. As Redbone croons "Come and get your love," the lines take shape and the outline of a phone emerges. It is, of course, the Pixel, a new phone "made by Google." The metaphor damn near hits you in the face: the search box once defined Google, but now Google needs to be something more. It needs to find what comes after that bare search box and the basic web page results it often returns. Google has been around for 18 years now and someday — perhaps soon — a better paradigm for using the internet is going to supplant the ubiquitous box. At the same time, Google has also decided it needs to become a hardware company, making its own products instead of leaving that work solely to partners. If you’re Google, would you trust the future of the company to your hardware partners? The two needs are directly related. If something is going to replace the search box, you can be sure Google wants to create it. And it may have, with the Google Assistant — the company’s take on an AI assistant that’s powered by Google’s massive cloud infrastructure and the huge amount of data it knows about you. But even the best software is pointless without compelling hardware to run it. And if you’re Google, would you trust the future of the company to your hardware partners? No, you’d want to control the entire thing, end to end. That’s why today Google is unveiling an entire, interconnected hardware ecosystem: two phones, an intelligent speaker, a VR headset, a Wi-Fi router, and a media-streaming dongle. And the most important parts of that ecosystem — the Pixel phone and Google Home speaker — exist to be the ideal vessels for the Google Assistant. The rest of the products fill out Google’s ecosystem, but are also enhanced by Google’s cloud-based intelligence. In making its own hardware, Google is pitting itself against Apple for the first time, Google phone vs. iPhone. Those are very high stakes, with very little margin for error. So it looks like Google decided to follow a simple dictum: If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself. Google has made a lot of hardware in the past, but until now it’s all been tangential to Google’s core mission: search. From the disastrous Nexus Q to the surprisingly successful Chromecast, Google’s products have all been made by different divisions without any real central strategy. That changed in April of this year, when Google hired Motorola veteran Rick Osterloh as head of hardware. Today, all hardware produced at Google runs through Osterloh’s division — which ensures consistent designs and purpose. Looking at Google’s new hardware, you’ll see more cohesion in its design than ever before. Finally, it feels like all these products came from the same company. The aesthetic isn’t as rarefied as Apple or as aggressively futuristic as Samsung. Instead, it’s approachable and comfortable — almost homey, like what you’d see in a Room and Board catalog. Osterloh insists that he’d like Google to be more intentional in what it produces moving forward. "It’s very challenging to work on dozens of products and make them all terrific," Osterloh says. "We have to have a lot of discipline and a lot of focus." That means shuttering the Project Ara modular smartphone just three months after it was announced (Osterloh expects other companies to pick up the modular torch) and leaving the  moonshots to the X division at Alphabet. Google isn’t just experimenting with hardware anymore — it knows exactly what it wants to do. "Fundamentally, we believe that a lot of the innovation that we want to do now ends up requiring controlling the end-to-end user experience," Osterloh says. It’s the kind of sentiment you usually hear from Apple, not Google. The company needs to absolutely nail the Google Assistant experience, and doing that meant not ceding an iota of control to partners in the first iteration. "We needed to build a system that actually ran it perfectly," Osterloh says, referring to Google Home. "Our aim is to give our users the best possible experience." That total control is a radical shift for Google. Just look at the Nexus program, which was always designed as a kind of "reference platform" for other hardware manufacturers to learn what’s coming for Android. It showcased new processors, larger screens, and inexpensive designs. Sales to customers was always more of a side hustle than a core business. "The idea was to show everyone how it should be done," says Brian Rakowski, VP of product management for Android. "All the partners in the phone manufacturing space took it and built great products on top of it. Meanwhile, Nexus kind of trundled along at the same small scale." Nexus phones were always built with a hardware partner — and they usually didn’t amount to  much more than refinements and iterations on the hardware that partner was already making. None of that is necessary anymore. The Nexus program has fulfilled its mission because Android manufacturers don’t need Google to show them the way. Google currently has "no plans" to ever make another Nexus device, according to a spokesperson. Hardcore Android fans may know that HTC is the "Original Device Manufacturer" for the Pixel, but Google says its phone isn’t based on any HTC phone and the "seller of record" for the phone will be Google. In other words, no more trundling along. Just as the Nexus was becoming unnecessary, Google found itself with a more urgent need: to take Apple head-on, and position Android as an iPhone competitor in terms of sales, quality, and customer service. Enter Pixel. Google not only designed the Pixel’s hardware — you’ll find the circular "G" logo on the back of the phone now — but also formed direct partnerships with retailers and carriers. Verizon is presumed to be the company’s exclusive US partner, though Google will sell an unlocked version of the phone in its own store, complete with optional financing. Preorders begin October 4th and it will begin shipping on October 20th. In order to truly compete with Apple, Google will have to step up its customer support game. When something goes wrong with your iPhone, you go to the Apple Store. When you need help with the Pixel, you’ll open up the settings and hit the support tab. Google is running a 24-hour chat and phone support service — and when you call in, you can opt to show the rep your screen so they can walk you through whatever’s going wrong. Design-wise, there’s no denying the iPhone’s influence. There are differences, of course: the bezel on the back is angled instead of curved. The fingerprint sensor is on the back, too, inside a square glass "shade" that helps you align the phone in your hand. The phone is also very slightly thicker at the top than the bottom to fit the camera without requiring a camera bump. "We actually did a whole bunch of things to make sure that it didn’t look too much like an iPhone," Rakowski says. But from a distance (or in a case), the similarities are unmistakable. And so is the pricing: the Pixel fits in the high-end Android market precisely where Samsung’s exploding Note 7s left a hole. Make no mistake, the high end is where the Pixel lives. It starts at $649 for a 32GB Pixel and goes up to $869 for the larger 128GB Pixel XL. That’s likely to give people used to Nexus pricing some sticker shock, but it’s in line with Apple and Samsung phones. The components in the Pixel are expensive, Osterloh admits, and therefore the phone is, too. "We didn’t want to have any compromises in the user experience," Osterloh says, "and so that’s why we went to the premium end." Osterloh knows that "We certainly aren’t going to have enormous volumes out of this product. This is very first innings for us." Google’s metric of success for Pixel won’t be whether it picks up significant market share, but whether it can garner customer satisfaction and form retail and carrier partnerships that Google can leverage for years to come. The phones feel premium and Google has done a lot of the work to banish the bugbears that have vexed Android users for years. The 12-megapixel camera is fast and Google claims it’s great in low-light. It got a DxOMark camera score of 89 — the best score ever given out to a phone. Though there’s no optical image stabilization, Google tied the camera to the gyroscope to eliminate the hand-shake "jelly" effect in video. It has a new Snapdragon 821 processor and 4 gigs of RAM. The camera uses lasers and phase-detection to focus, and every photo or video you take gets saved in Google’s cloud for free, at full resolution, for life. Google also finally reworked some of the systems behind touch responsiveness on the display. Dave Burke, VP of engineering for Android, says that "touch latency [on the Pixel] is the best of any Android device ever produced. If you put it under high-speed camera, it’s on par with an iPhone." (It still feels a little different to me, mainly because Android handles inertia a little differently than iOS). Details like latency are precisely the kind of things that get better when you control the "end-to-end" experience. But where Google’s new "opinionated" approach really comes to the fore is in the software. The Pixel is the first (and, for now, the only) phone to support the new Pixel home screen, Daydream virtual reality, and the Google Assistant. If the Google Assistant succeeds, it will become the next interface to computers and the internet. Hell, the division between those things might even begin to blur, abstracted underneath a helpful conversation with a capable bot. For Scott Huffman, VP of engineering for the Google Assistant, the Assistant is important because it has the potential to change the paradigm of computing from input / output into a conversation. "The conversation is the ultimate interface that everyone from your three-year-old on up can do," Huffman says. Why doesn’t the Google Assistant have a name like Siri, Cortana, or Alexa? Huffman has patiently been answering that question the same way since the software was unveiled back in May. "We felt like if we named it Suzy or Johnny or something, that it would be too narrow," he explains, "it would feel like yet another thing alongside the other things as opposed to what it’s meant to be, which is really an overlay across everything that we do." "We decided to go with ‘Google Assistant’ because we feel like it represents everything that Google does and Google is," Huffman says. I’d already seen the Assistant on Allo, where it was less useful than I’d hoped. Huffman showed it to me on a Nexus 6P customized to run it (it won’t be coming to Nexus phones anytime soon). The Assistant is, in many ways, not that much different from a voice search you can do on any Android phone. You hold down the home button, ask a question, and a window slides up from the bottom with an answer. You ask the next question, and so on. Like Siri, you can only speak to the Assistant, not type. Unlike Siri, Google’s Assistant is surprisingly intelligent. It can understand the context of what you’re asking by reading the screen. It can answer questions by reading back key sections of web pages. If you ask it for something specific that might be in an app — like "show me Beyoncé’s Instagram" — it’ll just open up Instagram and take you her account. But where the Assistant really gets interesting is in Google Home. Google Home consists of a little speaker you put in your home that listens for you to say "OK Google" and then answers your questions. (Google insists that Home doesn’t send anything you say up to Google until it hears the keyword.) In many ways, Home is as big a bet as Pixel, and enters a sparser competitive field. Its only real competition is the Amazon Echo and compared to the Echo, Google Home has a lot of advantages. It’s cheaper, at $129, and it seems to have a higher quality set of speakers inside it, too. It’s also smaller and cuter — you can swap out the speaker base for new ones that better match your decor. The running joke about Home is that it looks like a big air freshener, so I took the opportunity to needle Rishi Chandra, VP of product management for home products. He owned the comparison. "I’m not actually offended by that," Chandra says. Air fresheners, he says, are "consumer goods products which are explicitly designed to be actually put out in the open inside your home," and so is Google Home. But what really sets Home apart is Google’s smarts. Home has only two microphones compared to the Echo’s seven, but Chandra claims it does an even better job of locating you and understanding your questions. Google uses a process Chandra calls "neural beam forming," which takes advantage of computing in cloud to identify and process your speech. Google has "simulated hundreds of thousands of different environments — noisy environments, quiet environments — and what we’ve done is applied machine learning to it," Chandra says. You can put multiple Homes in your house and only the closest one will respond to you — heck, if you have an Android phone, watch, and multiple Homes, Google says that it can single out the best device to listen to you by the time you finish your request, and stop the others from responding. Home has only two microphones compared to the Echo’s seven On Home, the Assistant really shows off how far ahead Google is compared to Alexa or Siri. You can ask it to "Play "that one song from Frozen"" and that one song will play from YouTube. You can ask it what your day looks like, and it’ll tell you what’s on your calendar, list off your reminders, the weather, and the news. You can ask it to play a YouTube video on your TV and it’ll command your Chromecast to begin playing (Google says support for more video streaming services is coming). Chandra asked Home "How do I defrost a chicken?" and Home found a relevant website and read back just the relevant text. At launch, Home will work with a few services: YouTube, Spotify, Google Play Music, Pandora, iHeart Radio, Nest, Philips Hue, SmartThings, and a few more. You can set defaults in the Google Home app — which will also control Chromecasts. But third-party developers can’t directly get on the platform the way they can with Alexa just yet. Home mostly lives in Google’s world and, annoyingly, within one Google account at a time. Huffman promises that Google will open it up to third-party developers later this year — so the Echo has at least a few more months with a significant competitive advantage. Alongside the Pixel phones and Google Home, we’re getting our first look at the devices that fill out Google’s entire ecosystem: the Daydream VR headset, a new Chromecast, and the Google Wifi home router. Daydream isn’t launching until early November, but it’s getting its first real demo at Google’s hardware event. It’s exclusive to the Pixel for a short time and it’s certainly more approachable than other VR headsets. Made of fabric and designed to make it fast and simple to use, it’s easier to figure out than the Galaxy Gear, though of course not as powerful as an HTC Vive — you can read much more about Daydream here. The Chromecast Ultra supports 4K and HDR and even lets you use Ethernet for its connection. It’s connected to the Assistant insofar as it stands ready and waiting for Home to sling video at it. Google is building its own router Google Wifi is also only tangentially related to the Assistant. Google figured people need good Wi-Fi to talk to it, so it made a new router that starts at just $129. Just like Google tried working with partners for the Nexus then decided to make its own phone, Google is building its own router, too. Like the Eero, it’s designed to be used as a mesh network — you can buy a three-pack for $299, and add as many more as you like. Like Google Home, they’re designed to be inoffensive gadgets you won’t mind scattering around your house. And like the microphones on Google Home, Google Wifi takes advantage of Google’s machine learning to better manage all the devices on your network. For example: when you’re in a typical mesh network and you wander back to your bedroom, your phone might not realize that there’s a much stronger access point it could connect to. Instead, it just stays connected to the one that’s far away. It’s the phone’s fault (though Chandra points out that iPhones are better at this than most), but the routers themselves could do a better job of making your device switch. With Wifi, Chandra says, the routers communicate with each other, so the one that’s closer is more likely to offer itself up as the better access point. "We’re targeting a 150-millisecond transition time," Chandra says, "so if you’re doing a video chat and you’re walking all the way through, you should never see a drop." Google’s new batch of hardware looks like the beginning of a coherent ecosystem of products. "This is a coming-out party for us, without a doubt," Osterloh says. Instead of experiments and references, Google wants to sell its goods in large numbers. That’s new for Google, and it puts it in a different category of competition — both with adversaries like Apple and Microsoft and with its own manufacturing partners. Even though Google is making its own hardware, it’s not completely abandoning its partners. It  will still be sharing the software and cloud intelligence it has developed with companies like Samsung and LG that can make compatible phones, speakers, and routers. But this time, Google isn’t stepping out of the sales fray like it has before. It will be competing with those partners directly. "We’re no longer going to be shy about what we think is the right answer for us," Chandra says. "What we are going to do is give the OEM ecosystem a chance to compete, meaning it’s a fair playing field." "Our focus is absolutely on trying to drive people into the Android ecosystem." Historically, that kind of direct competition between a software maker and hardware companies seemed like a recipe for conflict. But it doesn’t seem to have hurt Microsoft much with its Surface line, and Google doesn’t seem too worried that its partners will be unhappy competing with Google. "It certainly might happen as a byproduct, but our focus is absolutely on trying to drive people into the Android ecosystem," Osterloh says, "especially at that premium tier." So that’s the new playbook: Google making the first version of the hardware itself and vertically integrating software and hardware to create the best possible experience. Its products sit at the high end of the market, eventually distributing its software downstream to other manufacturers. Will it work? The only way to figure it out seems to be by trying. Chandra says that Google CEO Sundar Pichai challenged all the teams: "Let’s go prove this, can we go prove that this should be the bet that we, as a company, are going to make." The bet is twofold: hardware and the Assistant. Neither is proven yet, and between the two I can’t help but think that the Assistant is a more significant gamble. Is Assistant the future of what it means to "just Google it"? Huffman says that he thinks of the Assistant as "at least one of the things that has the potential to be … what Google becomes." Produced by Frank Bi Designed by James Bareham Edited by Michael Zelenko
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Billboard News Billboard Newsletters Subscribe Now & Save Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr AMAs Preview News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Fashion/Style Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Greatest of All Time Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Year-End 2015 Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Latin Grammys 2016 Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony Seal Latin Grammys 2016 Performance With a Kiss Soccer and Rebirth: Carlos Vives Teases New CD/DVD Project, 'Carlos Vives + Amigos' Prince Royce & Gerardo Ortiz Talk Banda Version of 'Moneda' During Facebook Live Marc Anthony Honored by Colleagues During Person of the Year Ceremony: 'I Feel More Alive Than Ever' Google Debuts New Pixel Phone with Voice Assistant, Virtual Reality Headset 10/4/2016 by Andrew Flanagan FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Courtesy Photo Pixel Phone by Google shown during the #MadeByGoogle launch event on Oct. 4, 2016. Google has Apple in the crosshairs as it unveils a suite of heavily designed and seemingly easy-to-use products. Last month, Apple began its iPhone 7 event with a clip featuring Tim Cook and James Corden sending up Corden's "Car Pool Karaoke" series. Today, Google had its own celebrity-fueled intro, featuring Silicon Valley's Kumail Nanjiani and Martin Starr, whose portrayals as disaffected Palo Alto-based engineers have become a totem of sorts for the San Francisco tech community. Much like Apple, Google immediately turned its keynote, which took place at a converted chocolate factory in San Francisco, to introduce Pixel, the company's new smartphone. And much like Apple, as hardware svp Rick Osterloh pointed out, "building hardware and software together" will, going forward, allow the company to more tightly control, and smooth out, users' experience with its products. Google's smartphone software Android, which has been widely adopted by companies like Xiaomi and Samsung in the phones they design and manufacture, has become fractured from a user experience perspective as those companies have integrated their own software and designs into it. Google CEO Sundar Pichai's opening presentation explained -- again -- the company's push into voice technology and machine learning. "It all started in the early '80s, when the personal computer reached the mainstream," Pichai said, explaining the historical foundations that have led to Google Assistant, a cross-device and voice-capable personal assistant that relies on machine learning -- essentially, pattern recognition by computers -- to help locate photos and connect multiple different requests by its user. Voice Tech, Long in Development, Is Coming Together All at Once Google also introduced a virtual reality headset, which it has named Daydream. The headset won't be competing with Facebook's Oculus Rift, which requires a beefy computer in order to operate, but rather will run on certain phones -- the Pixel first, naturally -- and will serve as a middle ground between Oculus and Google's barebones Cardboard viewer. That middle ground is necessary for the burgeoning sector; the virtual reality market has been picking up rhetorical steam over the past year, but mainstream adoption remains an unknown quantity. The company says over 50 partners would be bringing "hundreds of games" to the headset by the end of the year, including an exclusive partnership with Fantastic Beasts, the upcoming film set in the world of Harry Potter. Google also unveiled Chromecast Ultra, an update to its Roku-like streaming device Chromecast with a higher-quality video capability.  It also re-introduced the Home smart speaker, positioned as a competitor to Amazon's Alexa, as well as a similar, forthcoming product from Apple. The Home speaker will cost $129, and is available for pre-order today, with shipping to begin on Nov. 4. "Do everything you love online, anywhere in your house," the company says of the new Google WiFi, a customizable networking system. "Google Wifi was designed to handle multiple devices streaming, downloading, and sharing at the same time." It's all controlled by a simple app and includes a handy feature that lets you pause the signal to your children’s devices. (A break from PewDiePie and Stampy Cat? Yes!) The company repeatedly invoked music as a key draw for its products during the presentation, including a voice search on information about Adele -- despite her avowed reticence of the streaming economy -- and all that in the face of unrelenting criticism of YouTube this year from the recording industry at large. YouTube has yet to solve (or acknowledge the existence of) the value gap, but its parent company has clearly made significant headway into its fight with a different monster: Apple. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2016 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Google Pixel vs iPhone 7: Which is best? Google Pixel vs iPhone 7: Which is best? by Joe Roberts 18 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google Pixel vs iPhone 7: Which of these premium handsets is best? We take a look in this in-depth comparison. Google has finally made a phone, well actually two of them. The Pixel and Pixel XL phones are the first phones branded with Google and what a couple of impressive handsets they are. But it's been a pretty great year for smartphones, with a host of new offerings being released. One of those is the iPhone 7, which, while not the most exciting iPhone iteration, is still likely to be one of the most popular phones available. With that in mind, we thought we'd take a look at how Google's new Pixels stack up against the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. Find out which one comes out on top in the ultimate Android vs iOS face-off Watch: Google's Pixel phone event in just 3 minutes Related: Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Google Pixel Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Design One of the criticisms levelled at Apple for its latest handset is that not much has changed in terms of design over the iPhone 6S. Which is largely true. The iPhone 7 takes most of its cues from its predecessor, coming with the same metal casing, curved sides and flat back. The only areas where things are different are the antenna lines, which now curve around the top and bottom of the device; the camera hump, which looks slightly different but continues to jut out from the rear; and a new haptic home button that offers a vibration response instead of actually depressing when clicked. Related: Pixel vs Pixel XL There's also the lack of a headphone jack, of course, which has been replaced by a speaker grille – two of which appear either side of the Lightning connection on the base of the phone. When it comes to the Pixel and Pixel XL, things aren't all that different to the iPhone models. The phones are rectangular with rounded edges and even feature antenna lines on the bottom of the backplate. You'll also find a fingerprint sensor on the half-matte, half-glossy back of the metal and glass device, while Apple has put its Touch ID fingerprint scanner below the home button on the front. But the Google Pixel also lacks some of the stalwart features we’ve come to expect from a flagship priced phone. It doesn’t offer the IP68 water-resistant rating of the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7, the powerful speakers of the HTC 10, or a microSD slot for expanding the 32GB of basic storage you get. However, there are more similarities when it comes to size. The Pixel models come in either a 5-inch or 5.5-inch version, while the iPhones are either 4.7-inch or 5.5-inch. In terms of colours, the iPhone 7 comes in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, and two new Black or Jet Black options. Google's offering comes in either black, silver or blue. Buy Now: iPhone 7 at Amazon.com from $783 Best Deals for Apple iPhone 7 Compare plans Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Display As we mentioned, Apple's two devices come with either a 4.7-inch or 5.5-inch screen, while the Pixels come with either a 5-inch or 5.5-inch display. Related: Google Pixel vs Nexus 6P So, which of these devices has the best resolution? Well, the iPhone 7's Retina screen makes for a 1,334 x 750 resolution, while the Pixel comes with a Full HD offering – that's 1,080 x 1,920 pixels. In terms of pixel-per-inch density, that makes for 326ppi on the iPhone while the Pixel manages a more impressive 424ppi. You're unlikely to notice individual pixels on either, but the Google phone will benefit from the enhanced resolution when it comes time to get into some VR action – more on that later. But what about the bigger handsets? Google looks to have beaten Apple again in this department, providing a 1,440 x 2,560 resolution on the Pixel XL, which makes for 534ppi. The iPhone 7 Plus only comes with a 1,080 x 1,920 offering – that's the same as the 5-inch Pixel. Again, you won't be disappointed with the iPhone 7 Plus' display, but it looks like the larger Pixel has the edge. Related: Google Pixel vs Note 7 In our review of the iPhone 7 we found the screen to be richer than ever before thanks to an expanded colour gamut. In fact, we'd say it's the best IPS screen you can currently get. However, we're yet to test out Google's latest phones, so we should reserve judgement until then. Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Hardware There's no doubt Apple has created some seriously powerful phones with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. In our review we said the iPhone 7 was the most powerful phone we'd ever used, and the benchmarks back that statement up. The phone is 30% faster than the iPhone 6S and 12% more powerful than the Galaxy S7. With 2GB RAM and a new A10 Fusion core, that uses two cores for the more intensive tasks and two for lighter tasks, the iPhone 7 provides top-level performance and a fluid user experience. Interestingly, the iPhone 7 Plus keeps the same A10 chip but adds an extra 1GB of RAM. We haven't tested it out yet, but we're intrigued to see whether it pushes the already stellar performance even further. Related: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6S We're also yet to test out Google's phones, of course, but the specs have us wondering whether the Pixel and Pixel XL might just match the high benchmark set by Apple. The phones come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chip which is said to offer a 10% boost to processor performance. They also have 4GB RAM and run the new Android Nougat OS, but it's that Snapdragon 821 that has us most excited. This processor undoubtedly plays a role in making the Pixels the first Daydream-ready handsets. Daydream is Google's new VR platform and comes as part of Android Nougat. In order to run Daydream software however, a phone has to meet certain specifications – as set out by Google itself. In this case the Pixels do just that and we can't wait to try out Daydream VR when the phone arrives. The phones will also work with Google's new Daydream View VR headset. Unfortunately, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus don't come with any VR capabilities beyond the usual Google Cardboard compatibility. Apple doesn't seem to be putting too much into virtual reality at this point, but that could change next year. Either way, Google's certainly got a performance edge with its Daydream-capable Pixels. Related: All you need to know about Google's launch event Once we've got some Google Pixel benchmarks in, we can actually work out which phone is more powerful. And lastly, storage options. Apple has finally done away with the paltry 16GB offering this time around, offering the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in 32/128/256GB models. Google, on the other hand, has opted for 32/128GB storage tiers. Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Software The Google Pixel runs on this year’s Android Nougat OS, which adds a number of improvements over last year's Marshmallow. Among them are a new split-screen mode, notification tacking, a flatter "Material" design aesthetic, and additional battery life improvements. Google has added its Pixel Launcher over the top of the OS this time around, however. Pixel Launcher is major departure from the old Google Launcher seen on the Nexus 6P; ditching the app drawer for a transparent pane you swipe up from the bottom, and replacing the iconic Google search bar with a pill shaped widget that pretty much does the same thing just in a smaller way. Also new is that most of Google’s own apps now have circular icons, which look a bit odd next to the ones that aren’t the same shape but at least they’re all the same size. A few of these icons now come with 3D Touch abilities; long press on the Maps icon, for example, and a shortcut will pop up. The majority of the changes in Pixel Launcher are visual, but there are a couple of changes that include extra functionality. A new ‘Support’ tab in the settings menu lets you contact Google directly if you’re having problems, and there’s a fancy new wallpaper picker, for instance. Long-press on the slightly refreshed middle soft key and Google Assistant pops up. Like Now on Tap, it’ll scan your screen for relevant contextual information – bringing up times and cinema information if you’re talking about seeing a film, for instance – but you can now talk directly to it. Ask it for the weather, to set an alarm, or show you directions to work and it’ll spew out an answer much faster than Apple’s Siri. It also does a much better job at understanding me than Siri, letting me speak in my usual mumbled tones without throwing up a blank screen. Like Siri in iOS 10, the Google Assistant can perform tasks in specific apps. Ask it to play a song in Spotify and it’ll oblige, not forcing you into Google’s own Play Music app. The conversational aspect really stands out; if you’ve asked for the weather, you can follow it up with ‘how about next week’ and it’ll intelligently understand you’re still talking about the weather. Related: iPhone 8 Naturally, Apple's devices run the latest version of iOS – iOS 10 – which we found to be Apple's best OS yet. All the small additions such as 3D Touch integration, tweaks to the control centre, and modernised lock screen combine to make iOS 10 a worthy upgrade to the previous iteration. It won't convert anyone who wasn't convinced last time around, though, so if you're an Android adherent, you're still going to prefer the Pixel phones for day to day use. The main thing iPhone 7 users will miss out on, however, is the aforementioned Daydream VR platform. The iPhone 7 simply doesn't have much in the way of VR capabilities, giving Google another edge over Apple. Buy Now: Google Pixel at Amazon.com from $839 Best Deals for Google Pixel Compare plans Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Camera This time around, Apple's jumped on the dual-camera setup bandwagon with its Plus model. The larger iPhone models usually have a better camera than the standard versions, and that's never been more pronounced than with this year's offering. With dual 12-megapixel lenses, Optical image stabilisation, and a 1/2.7-inch sensor, the iPhone 7 Plus is sure to take some of the best pictures you're likely to get from a smartphone camera. Unfortunately, we haven't yet tested it out. Related: Best Android Apps We have, however, tested the iPhone 7, and can say it's a fantastic upgrade but isn't quite as impressive as the offering on the Galaxy S7. The camera consists of a with a new six-optic lens, OIS (optical image stabilisation) and a wider f/1.8 aperture – all of which means better low-light performance and a shallower depth of field that makes for a better bokeh effect. There's also support for 4K video or 1080p if you want a higher frame rate. Unfortunately, we won’t know whether the Google Pixel can trump the iPhone 7 until we get a full review of the former. But in terms of specs, things are looking good. The Pixels come with a 12.3-megapixel setup, with an f/2.0 aperture. There are also some interesting software features we're intrigued to test out – especially the HDR Plus mode which Google claims will produce some of the best smartphone photos ever. Related: Best Android Smartphones If you're a selfie-taker you'll be interested to know the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come with decent 7-megapixel front camera with an f/2.2 aperture, making selfies look a little nicer than before. The Pixel and Pixel XL look set to outdo Apple's devices slightly, at least on paper, with an 8-megapixel selfie shooter appearing on both phones. Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Battery Apple's packed a non-removable Li-Ion 1,960mAh battery into the iPhone 7, and we have to say, this is the new iPhone's least impressive feature. In fact, the battery on the iPhone 7 has, in our experience, the shortest life of any mainstream phone over the past couple of years. Despite the fact that the battery is larger than on the iPhone 6S, we found it left us constantly running out of juice before the day ended. We also made sure to test a different model just in case, and found the same results. It lasts just over six hours with constant use. Since we haven't tried out the iPhone 7 Plus, with its larger Li-Ion 2,900mAh cell, we can't say whether the problems persist on the larger model. But we really hope not. The Pixel and Pixel XL's batteries are also non-removable, and come in 2,770 and 3,450 sizes respectively. Google Pixel vs iPhone 7 – Price The iPhone 7 starts at £599 for the 32GB model, and goes to £699 for the 128GB version, and £799 for the 256GB option. Buy Now: iPhone 7 at Amazon.com from $783 Best Deals for Apple iPhone 7 Compare plans The Pixel phone is available to pre-order now in the US and UK. The Pixel will be £599 (32GB) and £699 (128GB) with the Pixel XL coming in at £719 (32 GB) and £819 (128GB). The phone will actually release on October 20. Buy Now: Google Pixel at Amazon.com from $839 Best Deals for Google Pixel Compare plans Summary Without using the Pixel phones for any great length of time, we're unable to say for sure whether Google or Apple has come out on top here. But although the iPhone 7 is a great phone, its battery issues are a real drawback, making it the first iPhone we haven't recommended. As such, Google has a real chance to outdo its competition this year, and with some promising specs, we're hopeful that it can do just that. So far, our experience with the Pixel handsets has been good – but you'll have to wait for the full verdict. We'll have more once we've reviewed the iPhone 7 Plus, and Pixel phones. Watch: iPhone 7 review Which do you prefer: the Google Pixel or the iPhone 7? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 7-128GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $839.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7-32GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $739.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7-128GB-GSM UNLOCKED-USA Version-Apple Warranty-BRAND NEW $839.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Garrett Chatterton October 7, 2016, 1:47 pm Pixel! melci October 7, 2016, 10:39 pm iPhone users won’t like the Pixel: - No second 56mm lens for 2x optical zoom - No Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) - Only single Mono speaker (iPhone 7 has stereo) - Not water-resistant (only IP58 vs IP67 on iPhone 7) - Max storage of only 128GB (256GB on iPhone 7) - No Haptic feedback - No 3D Touch - No Wide Colour Gamut Support - Fingerprint reader on back (useless when on a table) And Android users won’t like the Pixel: - No removable SD card - No removable battery - No fast charge - No wireless charging GeekBench performance puts it near the bottom even compared to other Android phones let alone the iPhone 7 which obliterates it: DEVICE................SINGLE-CORE.......MULTI-CORE iPhone 7/7 Plus.................3,450.......5,630 Samsung Galaxy S7..........1,806.......5,213 Samsung Galaxy Note 7....1,786......5,228 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge..1,744......5,203 Huawei P9 ..........................1,729......4,735 OnePlus 3............................1,698......4,015 Google Pixel………………..1,648……4,121 And yet the Pixel costs the same as the iPhone 7. What are Google thinking? No, the Pixel isn’t competitive with the iPhone or other top tier Android phones. Looks like it’s just another ho-hum mid-range Nexus phone that won’t sell in any meaningful numbers. Intuz October 13, 2016, 8:00 am Summery of this comparison: Pixel is easy on the pocket in comparison while iPhone 7 boasts well known hardware specs. Its a battle of software vs hardware and the choice depends on your inclination. Here are other features to compare: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/... jrasero October 18, 2016, 2:26 pm The Pixel is a very good phone. If you want customization and the depth of Android while having arguably the best smartphone camera on the market than the Pixel is a very good choice. What is comes down to for me is OS. I love Android and iOS but for me iOS is just more efficient, more stable, offers more/better apps, and some people have hundreds of dollars already invested in Apple's proprietary accessories, cases, cradles, chargers, watches. Both phones don't really push the envelope and I would say are a bit boring. It could be argued that consumers could easily get away with buying last years models in the Nexus 6P or iPhone 6s and still have a fantastic device even for 1-2 years down the line. In the end what brought me back to iOS is pricing/deals. The Pixel starts at $650 which is on par with any flagship device, but considering Nexus phones normally were priced bellow this amount the Pixel seems almost overpriced in comparison. In contrast the iPhone's start at $650 but all four major carriers have been offering free iPhones 7 (32GB) for 24 months if you switch carriers or trade in your old iPhone 6 or newer/greater. ShitMyNameWontF October 28, 2016, 5:37 am iPhone 7 vs what we think the Pixel will be since we actually haven't touched it yet and are entirely guessing here chris p November 15, 2016, 9:35 pm What a mostly informative yet idiotic review... how can you review products and repeatedly say 'but... we haven't yet tested it, yet"? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of watchOS 3.1 to Developers Tuesday October 4, 2016 10:55 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of watchOS 3.1, Build 14S464, to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after seeding the first beta and three weeks after releasing watchOS 3 to the public. watchOS 3.1 can be downloaded through the dedicated Apple Watch app on the iPhone by going to General -> Software Update. To install the update, the Apple Watch must have 50 percent battery, it must be placed on the charger, and it must be in range of the iPhone. watchOS 3.1 requires an iPhone running iOS 10 to install. watchOS 3.1 appears to focus on bug fixes and under-the-hood performance improvements rather than outward-facing changes, as no new features were discovered in the first beta. We'll update this post with anything new that's found in the second beta. watchOS 3 brings a new interface to the Apple Watch, with a dedicated App Dock and instant launch apps. There are new Activity sharing features, a "Breathe" app guides you through daily deep breathing sessions to cut down on stress, and there are new Reminders, Find My Friends, and Heart Rate apps. Three new watch faces are included, and an SOS feature can automatically call emergency services. A revamped Messages app makes it easier to reply to incoming texts, plus there's a new "Scribble" feature for writing replies on the Apple Watch face with a finger. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) 19 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) exkeks 6 weeks ago Would love to see them getting the usability back into the Weather app. The current mode of switching between temperature, rain and conditions forecast by force touch is just annoying. Rating: 3 Votes Aluminum213 6 weeks ago How about they make it easy to connect the Apple Watch to the MacBook Stupidly complex Rating: 3 Votes tfigs 6 weeks ago Would love to see them getting the usability back into the Weather app. The current mode of switching between temperature, rain and conditions forecast by force touch is just annoying. OMG Yes!!! I already left feedback about this. I hope they revert it back to how it was in watchOS 2. Rating: 2 Votes SockRolid 6 weeks ago Not seeing too many changes from the previous beta. In Weather, while looking at the 24-hour display for a city, scrolling the crown animates the temp and city name now. Didn't it used to scroll the whole display up and down between cities? Can't remember. Rating: 1 Votes domster83 6 weeks ago OMG Yes!!! I already left feedback about this. I hope they revert it back to how it was in watchOS 2. Thank god. That change was soooo annoying. And made no sense. I submitted an extensive feedback report on that. Rating: 1 Votes nickcliborne 6 weeks ago I did it in less than 30 seconds. If you don't use 2-factor authentication already, then yes, it will take a little longer. Many of us with two factor already on are getting an error message saying enable two factor first. After more than twenty tries mine finally worked. Rating: 1 Votes ErikGrim 6 weeks ago (with a click and up to 5 swipes) Use the digital crown for scrolling. Rating: 1 Votes tkukoc 6 weeks ago Installing the phone beta update first, then I'll do this one. Hoping they fixed the notification artifact glitch where a message would come up or email and stick for a second then show your message. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 1 hour ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 70 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 268 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 16 hours ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 96 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 17 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 198 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 176 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 19 hours ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 92 comments Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price 20 hours ago on Front Page A few weeks after Microsoft unveiled the Surface Studio to the public at a media event in New York City, a few websites have begun publishing the first reviews for Microsoft's new desktop... 296 comments System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models 20 hours ago on Front Page Since OS X El Capitan, the operating system that runs on Macs has been protected by a feature called System Integrity Protection (SIP), which is designed to keep your Mac safe from malware by... 93 comments • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (325) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (101) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (90) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (115) • Apple's OLED Suppliers Won't Be Able to Meet Demand for 2017 iPhone (106) • Apple to Integrate Augmented Reality Functionality Into iPhone's Camera App (45)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of tvOS 10.0.1 to Developers Tuesday October 4, 2016 10:53 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of tvOS 10.0.1, Build 14U66, to developers for testing purposes, two weeks after releasing the first tvOS 10.0.1 beta and three weeks after releasing the tvOS 10 update. Designed for the fourth-generation Apple TV, tvOS 10.0.1 can be installed by connecting the Apple TV to a computer with a USB-C to USB-A cable, downloading and installing the software via iTunes or Apple Configurator. Once a beta profile has been installed on the device through iTunes, new beta updates will be available over the air. No obvious outward-facing features were discovered in the tvOS 10.0.1 beta, so it's likely it focuses on bug fixes and under-the-hood performance improvements to address issues discovered since the release of the first version of tvOS 10. Single sign-on, a feature that will allow Apple TV users to sign in once with their cable credentials to access all live cable content included in a cable subscription, does not appear to be in this beta and will be introduced in the future. tvOS 10 brings improved search, expanded Siri capabilities, a new dark mode, a Continuity option for using the iPhone for text input, automatic download of universal apps, easy access to live TV, and more. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Caution) 8 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) mariusignorello 6 weeks ago Nope. Single-sign On did not make it into tvOS 10.0 release, and is still not present in 10.0.1 beta. After Apple missed their target on the feature they added a Coming Soon label to it on this page: http://www.apple.com/tv/whats-new/ [doublepost=1475613412][/doublepost] Obviously this is for internal testing purposes, and when the feature is ready for inclusion there will be a location for it under Accounts in the Settings UI. That's exactly how it works. After it is configured in the Developer menu, the option appears in Accounts. Rating: 2 Votes arggg14 6 weeks ago Will this finally bring 4k to my Apple TV!? :p Rating: 1 Votes mariusignorello 6 weeks ago Provider SSO can be manually configured if you hook up the Apple TV to Xcode and get the Developer menu to appear in tvOS Settings. Apps need to be updated to support a user friendly way of signing in though. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 1 hour ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 70 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 268 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 16 hours ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 96 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 17 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 198 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 176 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 19 hours ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 92 comments Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price 20 hours ago on Front Page A few weeks after Microsoft unveiled the Surface Studio to the public at a media event in New York City, a few websites have begun publishing the first reviews for Microsoft's new desktop... 296 comments System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models 20 hours ago on Front Page Since OS X El Capitan, the operating system that runs on Macs has been protected by a feature called System Integrity Protection (SIP), which is designed to keep your Mac safe from malware by... 93 comments • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (325) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (101) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (90) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (115) • Apple's OLED Suppliers Won't Be Able to Meet Demand for 2017 iPhone (106) • Apple to Integrate Augmented Reality Functionality Into iPhone's Camera App (45)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google's new Pixel smartphones are first to be 'Made by Google' Listen | Print By James Walker     Oct 4, 2016 in Technology Google has officially announced the Pixel and Pixel XL, two new smartphones that have been almost entirely engineered in-house. The devices, extensively rumoured and leaked over the past few weeks, are designed to directly rival Apple's iPhone. Google unveiled the phones at its "#madebygoogle" live event today. The company did not reveal much about the handsets that's not already known, however. The spate of reports from tipsters running up to the launch meant much of what Google showed off was already publicly accessible. Now the phones are official though, marking Google's first foray into the smartphone hardware business. The Pixel comes in two versions, the 5-inch Pixel and 5.5-inch Pixel XL, in a similar fashion to Apple's iPhone. Google has gone all-out to rival Apple, something it's been hinting at for a while and looks to become more significant to its future in the coming years. The Pixel devices are Google's first steps on the road to gaining more control of the Android ecosystem and its own phones. Google has signalled it wants to move to adopt Apple's model of tightly combining hardware and software in first-party products. Apple builds the iPhone and its iOS operating system entirely in-house. Google now operates on a very similar model. The company conceptualised, designed, created and tested the Pixel and Pixel XL in-house. It then brought in Taiwanese smartphone brand HTC to actually build the finished handsets. HTC's involvement is limited to the assembly of the phones, a radical departure from the approach taken for previous Google-branded Nexus phones. Formerly, Google contracted manufacturers to build devices it could put its name on. Now, it is at the centre of the process. In a report before the event today, Bloomberg explained how Google manages the inventory, carrier relationships, component sourcing, supply chain deals and distribution arrangements for the Pixel line. It also manufactures its own accessories for the phones. The Pixel and Pixel XL are managed entirely by Google, with HTC assisting only in manufacturing and support. According to Google, the arrangement is no different to how Foxconn builds the iPhone for Apple. On the back, you'll find a "Made by Google" inscription, a clear take on Apple's famous "Designed by Apple in California." The phones themselves have metal finishes and are available in silver, black and limited-edition blue colours. They are powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM and up to 128GB of storage. The Pixel and Pixel XL are the first devices to support Google's Daydream mobile virtual reality platform and are capable of connecting wirelessly to Daydream View, its new VR headset. Google says the Pixel's battery will last you for up to seven hours and recharge in just 15 minutes, ideal when immersed in battery-intensive VR. Pixel comes with its own Android launcher, the Pixel launcher. It runs atop Android 7.1 Nougat and includes a distinctive interface separated from the standard OS skin. There are rounded icons, a more polished user interface and integrated support for Google Assistant. The latter is Google's attempt to turn its search engine into a digital assistant, letting you ask Google for help wherever you are on your phone. It's accessible from the home screen by pulling out the "G" pull-tab or by long-pressing the home button. Google has addressed a long-standing complaint with Nexus devices by ensuring the Pixel and Pixel XL are competent photography devices. They feature 12.3-megapixel cameras that can snap photos in "the blink of an eye." On the industry-leading DXO-Mark imaging test, the camera unit stored 89, the highest score ever awarded to a smartphone. It features video stabilisation tech and instantaneous HDR for more balanced colour and contrast in photos. To ensure customers have sufficient space to save their photos, Google will give all Pixel purchasers unlimited free Google Photos cloud storage. In the U.S., the Pixel and Pixel XL will be exclusive to Verizon. Alternatively, they will be offered from the Google Store unlocked for $649. It will be compatible with the Google Fi mobile network and can be pre-ordered today in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Germany and Australia. Pre-orders in India will begin on October 13. More about Google, google pixel, Smartphones, Android, Mobile   Google google pixel Smartphones Android Mobile Latest News Top News Review: The new Gryphon smart WiFi router could protect your kids Special Turkey and the EU: The end of the road? NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins to Boston Celtics? Syria regime steps up fierce Aleppo assault Biggest ever oil accumulation found in west Texas desert Review: Jessie Chris releases delightful music video for '1963' Special Mosul mechanics fight IS with wrenches Five things to know about VW's 'dieselgate' scandal Boko Haram stages three suicide attacks in NE Nigeria Turkish NATO officers ask for asylum: alliance chief Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  US stocks open higher, try for record levels amid oil rise × × × Software Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Why Apple is bringing advertisements to its App Store now Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 12:35 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES David Paul Morris | Bloomberg | Getty Images App Store icon Search ads are coming to Apple's App Store — a move that, if executed well, could help developers and support Apple's services ambitions, experts told CNBC. The advertisements will go live Wednesday, Apple's website said, and will give eligible developers $100 credit toward their first campaign. In the beta version, the ads focused on other apps, were identified in blue at the top of App Store search results and weren't shown to minors, according The Verge's interview with an Apple executive earlier this year. Brent Sanders, Apple shareholder and CEO of development shop Fulton Works, said from his perspective, the more features and attention that are put into the App Store, the better it will be for app developers. "I think it's a no-brainer that they execute this," said Sanders, who helps companies build apps. "My customers have asked for this in the past." As more and more apps hit Apple's ecosystem, it can be harder and harder for individual products to stand out, said Sanders, who can rattle off examples of apps that he's worked hard on, only to see them swallowed by the market. While consumers are spending more time in apps, there are more than 2 million apps out there to compete with, eMarketer estimates. Most mobile app usage happens in a small number of apps, according to a study cited by eMarketer. Participants on average used 32 unique apps on their smartphone in a month and 13 unique apps on their tablet, according to a Verto Analytics study of 20,000 U.S. adults in December. On a daily basis, respondents used an average of 10 smartphone apps and four tablet apps, Verto Analytics found, according to eMarketer. Right now, developers must continue to be featured organically or be among the top downloads to maintain visibility, said Mike Dudas, co-founder of Button, a start-up which helps mobile app developers and marketers create better user experiences. "My fundamental belief is that [with search ads] it will be more accessible," Dudas said. "I know Apple's not in need of a couple million in extra advertising revenue. They need to be more accessible. Apple loses, and they know this, in a world where people can't get past the top 25 apps." Indeed, giant publishers like Tencent, Google, Facebook and Alibaba dominated worldwide downloads on iOS in the first quarter, according to research by Sensor Tower. The hope, Sanders said, is that the ads, if priced well, can help users find apps they hadn't heard of previously. "It was about velocity, getting to the 'favorites' lists or the 'top downloads,'" Sanders said. "You had to sustain growth. You couldn't really do it unless you were paying people to download things. I think that's where this ad component is striking a pretty good balance. This is something that is really going to be a new tool for people that do have a budget to acquire customers. ... It's going to cater to the more commercial developers." It will also let Apple monetize the monopoly it has as the only direct source of mobile software for iPhones, Sanders said. The top app install media source in the first half of this year wasn't an App Store at all, eMarkerter says: It was Facebook. "The discovery that's happening without Apple, is what's pushing them to do it," Dudas said. "Seeing people interact with Facebook Messenger apps is pushing them to innovate on their own app store. It's a positive development for users and developers." The ad rollout comes amid ambitious goals for Apple's services, including the App Store, as the company tries to sweeten the deal for developers on the platform. Apple CEO Tim Cook has said he expects the company's services platform to reach "the size of a Fortune 100 company by next year." The tech giant recently pared its own cut of app revenue sales for developers who agree to sell subscriptions, which could be a big opportunity for developers, The Verge reported. James Dix, who covers advertising companies for Wedbush Securities, said that Apple's foray into search ads likely isn't a big threat to Google and Facebook, since it only affects one product (apps) that they advertise. While it's unlikely to be meaningful to Apple, either, he said it will be interesting to see whether Apple presents any new features for app promotion that pressure Google to compete. Though Android users have long seen ads at the Google Play store, Apple has rejected common models of advertising that collect user data. Apple told The Verge it won't create search profiles of users under the new search ad initiative. "Apple has not had a lot of focus on advertising revenue," Dix said. "Some experiments, but not heavy inroads. It's not big on business models that collect consumer data. The advantage of search as an advertising revenue stream is its not a type of advertising that requires collecting a lot of data to run the advertising campaign. It's largely based on data that the consumer freely gives." To be sure, Google, which already has search ads, has also seen its store dominated by well-known brands, other than "indie success" app Color Shift, which broke out on both platforms in the first quarter, according to Sensor Tower. While Apple has said the system will be fair to developers, including independent developers, some have expressed doubt on social media. But Sanders said that since searches tend to be specific, it could work out in their favor: If one indie app developer lacks an ad budget, its competitors might too. Some critics have also said the platform has bugs. Tweet: #Apple #SearchAds platform is massively broken While Sanders hasn't given the platform a spin, he's not surprised by the complaints. Sanders said that Apple's developer-facing platforms have often lacked the polish of its other products in the past five years. But Sanders still supports the initiative, and said he's surprised it didn't happen sooner. Dix said it could help Apple experiment on where to go next in ads. "It's an interesting initiative, because you'd think it's the lowest hanging fruit for Apple in the ad market," Dix said. "It plays to their strength in mobile, improves experience of the device, users can find the apps that they want. It gives [Apple] a use case and data and to how well it's working. It allows them to improve it." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Featured Playlists Causes Contest HOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS MenuHOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS Home / Technology/Big News! Apple’s iPhone 7 Has the Worst Battery Life To Rival Smartphones Big News! Apple’s iPhone 7 Has the Worst Battery Life To Rival Smartphones By Jesse James on 4 October,2016 The good folks over at Apple are back in the news, and this time around it’s not such great news. Today the word comes down that Apple’s iPhone 7 Has the Worst Battery Life To Rival Smartphones, which is definitely some interesting news. The word comes down from Which? magazine of the United Kingdom who recently compared battery life of some of today’s most popular smartphone designs. The results are certainly surprising with the iphone 7 going up against the Samsung Galaxy S7, the HTC 10 and the LG 5. The magazine stated that “Whilst the iPhone 7’s 712 minutes of call time (nearly 12 hours) may sound acceptable, the rival Samsung Galaxy S7 lasted twice as long – and it doesn’t even have the longest lasting battery. The HTC 10 lasted an incredible 1,859 minutes (that’s almost 31 hours)”. They went on add that “The 615 minutes of battery life offered by the iPhone 7 is 25 minutes less than its nearest rival, the LG G5, and 175 minutes less than the top performing HTC 10. In fact, the HTC 10’s 3G internet browsing time was even longer than the iPhone 7’s 3G call time. It doesn’t make for pretty reading for Apple”. Interesting news to us. Let us know your thoughts on the news in the comments below and speak your thoughts on it after the jump. Stay tuned for much more on this coming very soon! Big News! Apple’s iPhone 7 Has the Worst Battery Life To Rival Smartphones was last modified: October 4th, 2016 by Jesse James Related Itemsapplebattery lifeiphone 7newstechtech news ← Previous Story The Morning Force! The R2-D2 Coffee Press Next Story → Art & Sound! ‘Making Weather’ By Richard Clarkson & Crealev Most Recent Classic Look, Modern Design! Marshall Mid Bluetooth Wireless Headphones November 18, 2016 The way we listen to music and more has certainly changed over the years. Personal audio has become all the rage these days, and today Marshall is back with... November 18, 2016 Cleaned Up Kicks! The adidas “Off White” Tubular Entrap Primeknit November 18, 2016 Look! Ella Mai Debuts CHANGE EP With L.A. Listening Session November 18, 2016 Living In Luxury! Villa Aqua In Cape Town, South Africa Featured Video Fashion + Style Cleaned Up Kicks! The adidas “Off White” Tubular Entrap Primeknit November 18, 2016 Another day, another outstanding creation from the folks over at Adidas. Today they return with a brand new design, adding a clean and crisp combination to our footwear collections.... November 18, 2016 Clean Collaborations! The Been Trill x Budweiser Capsule Collection November 18, 2016 Exclusive Style! The PINTRILL x Billionaire Boys Club Exclusive Pin Collection November 18, 2016 Slope Style! DC Snowboarding’s New 2017 Winter Collection © 2009-2016 stupidDOPE.com | All Rights Reserved. About Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cool.Media Interactive One Millennial
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals USB-C adapters you may need for your new MacBook Pro Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 2 to developers By Cody Lee, Oct 4, 2016 Tweet 19 Comments Apple on Tuesday issued the second beta for iOS 10.1. Registered developers can grab the new software via the over-the-air update mechanism in the iOS Settings app, or via Apple’s online developer portal. By far the most significant change in iOS 10.1 is the addition of Portrait camera mode— an iPhone 7 Plus-exclusive software feature that creates a ‘bokeh’ effect, which Apple demonstrated at last month’s event. Here’s an example of what a photo taken in Portrait mode looks like: And here’s TechCrunch’s Matthew Panzarino with a breakdown of how it works: The Portrait mode, which displays a beta notification prominently on first launch, resides to the right side of the standard photo mode in your camera app. There is no zooming, digital or otherwise, in Portrait mode. Instead, the Portrait mode exclusively uses the 56mm lens to shoot the image and the wide angle lens to gather the perspective data that allows it to generate a 9-layer depth map. We are installing the iOS 10.1 beta now, and will be sure to update this article with any significant new findings. If you find something new we haven’t mentioned, feel free to let us know down in the comments below! Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 5 for iPhone 7/Plus to developers and public beta testers Apple releases iOS 10.2 beta 1 to public testers Apple releases iOS 10.1 with Portrait mode and other improvements Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 4 to developers and public beta testers Related Topics Apple, Beta, iOS 10.1, iPad, iPhone, iPhone 7 Plus, Update Hussain Alsanona macOS 10.12.1 Public beta is out as well [RECON1] Not seeing this yet. Mads Teland I can see now, but the strange is that it uses Mountain Lion Installer icon instead Sierra Installer icon in updates in App Store. [RECON1] Yeah, I found that a bit odd too [RECON1] There’s a scroll bar now for the different pages. No more dots. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6e800a7eaf6eb805b0f431f8f05a9629ef6683b028acf7d161ae9aedeea0ce8d.jpg Agneev Mukherjee Finally, you’re someone who gets tells the actual news instead of faux. I Liked the dotted one better though. [RECON1] There’s also a replay option for Message effects. Chang in Charge They need to fix all of the cellular connectivity issues. Danny Shepherd Speak to apple, some units with the intel baseband chips are faulty. The Qualcomm chips have no issues with Cellular. Apple are swapping these over and are aware of it. Chang in Charge Already did they said they are aware of software issues and bug fixes are on the way. In what IOS version they did not say. Danny Shepherd They ran a diagnostic on my i7 at the Genius Bar, came up with my serial number being from a batch of faulty Intel chips. Swapped it for a brand new one. Chang in Charge Did this resolve any issues you were seeing? Danny Shepherd No, as it was a hardware fault with chip, they just swapped it outright for another one. Sung Which carrier?? Adam I am still not seeing the update? Anyone else not seeing it? Martynet Is it faster than 10.0.2 ? Sometimes I find my 6s plus a bit laggy with iOS 10. Really annoying. leart really ? mine is still on ios 9… I’m not sure it’s the right time to move on , plus i hate the slide to unlock miss Martynet Really. Sometimes when I launch an app, I’m waiting like 2-3 seconds. This never happened on ios 9. I really like ios 10 but those little lags are not good. I hope apple fixes this soon. leart wow, that’s bad.. knowing that the 6s+ it’s a power machine.. I was considering to update since from time to time, I’m experiencing interface freeze, mostly when I use low power mode.. but I started to think that this trouble is becouse I use some old versions for certain apps like Facebook and some other that I don’t like latest versions   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines How to mention someone in your Instagram story MacBook Pro with Touch Bar now available for in-store pickup Get up to $200 off the new MacBook Pro + no tax outside NY Where the Apple Car is going Apple’s free app of the week: Tayasui Sketches Pro   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact News Naspers core earnings up by a quarter Top - World China’s tech sector looks to profit from Trump Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Meet Google’s new Pixel smartphones Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple. By Mark Gurman. Added by Agency Staff on 4 October 2016. Saved under News, Top Tags: Apple, Google, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, Pixel XL Tweet Looking to finally enter the smartphone hardware business, Google is going after a familiar foe: Apple. The maker of the Android mobile operating system unveiled new smartphones on Tuesday, the Pixel and a larger Pixel XL, that compete head on with the iPhone. The Pixel phones feature thin aluminium and glass frames that come in black, silver or blue (a limited edition for the US). The smaller model, which starts at US$649 for 32GB of storage, features a 5-inch screen, while the bigger model, priced at $769, has a 5,5-inch screen to match the iPhone 7 Plus. A 128GB storage option is also available, with the larger device topping out at $869 — also in line with the equivalent iPhone 7 Plus. The models feature high-resolution displays that Google said are sharper than the iPhones’, along with 12-megapixel rear cameras, 8-megapixel front cameras and Qualcomm’s Snapdragon processors. The phones are the first to run Google’s new Siri-like digital Assistant and include new features for editing photos. The Pixel phones are the first conceptualised, designed, engineered and tested in-house by Google. Similar to Apple’s partnership with Foxconn in China, Google is getting HTC to assemble the Pixel devices, Google’s hardware chief Rick Osterloh, said in a recent interview. Besides similar functionality and pricing, Google is going right after Apple customers with a new option to automatically transfer data such as contacts and photos from an iPhone to the Pixel when it’s first switched on. Google included a physical adapter in the box that plugs the new devices into iPhones to conduct the process. Apple added a similar feature to the iPhone last year, allowing users to port their information over from Android gadgets. “Premium is a very important category,” Hiroshi Lockheimer, head of Android, said in a recent interview. “It’s where Apple is also very strong. Is there room for another player there? We think so.” The Pixel phones run a new version of Android, called Nougat 7.1, and have a user interface customised by Google. The home screen includes a translucent launcher that reveals circular icons as it gradually blurs the background wallpaper when users swipe up from the bottom. There’s also a shortcut to summon technical support and a digital home button to wake up Google’s digital Assistant. The Android update will be available for other Android partners, but getting the new features will be dependent on support from those other phone manufacturers. The update includes a mechanism that adjusts the screen’s lighting based on time of day, and support for a Daydream virtual reality headset that Google also debuted on Tuesday. The Pixel phones can be pre-ordered immediately via Google’s website and will be available in retail stores on 20 October, according to the company. They will be available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, and Germany this month, and the phone will arrive in India in November.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet FaceItSA It a sounds nice, but where is the innovation and originality, all I see here is a copy cat, which really surprises me, Google is such a pioneer and yet, every feature listed here is the same as Apple features. Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 10Brian Molefe quits as Eskom CEO 9Vodacom to launch VOD platform 9New ICT BEE code comes into force 8New protector must probe Thuli: ANC 7Social media analysis pointing to Trump upset Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google gets aggressive with new phones, other gadgets By Associated Press Published: 18:19 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 18:20 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Google ratcheted up its rivalry with Apple and Amazon by unveiling new smartphones, an internet-connected speaker that channels a digital assistant, and other gadgets the company hopes to make indispensable. The devices announced Tuesday are part of Google's bold move to design and sell its own hardware, instead of just supplying Android and other software for other companies to make products. Google's previous attempts at hardware have had limited distribution and included such high-profile flops as its internet-connected Glass headgear. This time around, Google is betting that it can design software and hardware to work seamlessly with each other. That's an art Apple mastered over the past 15 years as it turned out finely crafted iPods, iPhones, iPads and Macs. Sabrina Ellis, Google director of product management, talks about the colors of the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Borrowing another page from Apple's book, Google is backing its expanded product lineup with the biggest marketing campaign in its 18-year history. The company isn't disclosing how much it will spend, but made it clear the ads touting products "Made by Google" will be ubiquitous during the next few months. "They have done some advertising in the past, but it's never been with this kind of 'let us take care of everything for you' way," Gartner analyst Brian Blau said. "This is more like Apple's way of doing things." GADGETS ON PARADE Google executives showed off a series of gadgets in rapid succession in San Francisco on Tuesday. The new Pixel phones, starting at $650, are aimed squarely at Apple's iPhone and could also siphon sales from the biggest manufacturer of Android-powered phones, Samsung. Android now powers more than 80 percent of the smartphones sold around the world. But Samsung has increasingly been adding more of its own software, including its own mobile wallet, on its phones. Analysts warned that Google's increased emphasis on its own branded devices runs the risk of alienating Samsung, as well as LG and other longtime partners that make Android gadgets. Google, though, emphasized it still plans to work with other manufacturers, even as it tries to become a bigger player in hardware. Meanwhile, Google's new Home speaker represents a counterpunch to Amazon's Echo, a similar device that has become a big hit since its release about 15 months ago. Google Home will cost $129, undercutting Echo by $50. Google also announced a virtual-reality headset called Daydream View, a new Wi-Fi router and an update to the company's Chromecast device for streaming video. THE PHONE Available in two sizes, the Pixel phones replace Google's previous foray into smartphones with a Nexus brand introduced six years ago. Google never hailed Nexus as its own phone, but instead positioned it as an example of how it believed the Android system worked best. In promoting the Pixels, Google highlighted a camera it says trumps the latest iPhone, a long-lasting battery and a dedicated headphone jack — a staple that Apple eliminated from the iPhones released last month. And while past Google phones primarily relied on sales through Google's online Play store, the Pixel will also be sold by Verizon in the U.S. Analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy said in an email that Google was smart to emphasize the performance of the new smartphone cameras, as "consumers care about this a lot." But he said other features in the new phones didn't seem that much different from what Samsung and Apple have offered in their latest devices. SMART ASSISTANT The phones and speaker will serve as a showcase for Google's digital helper, Google Assistant. The helper will respond to spoken questions such as "How do you remove wine stains out of the carpet?" and commands to control the volume of the television and other home appliances with internet connections. Google Assistant escalates the company's battle against Apple, which offers a virtual helping hand through Siri, and Amazon, whose Alexa concierge resides in Echo and other devices. Google believes its assistant will be more knowledgeable, more personable and more versatile than the competition. Its confidence stems from the more than 70 billion facts that it has stockpiled in a database that it calls a "knowledge graph," as well as the ability of its dominant search engine to quickly scan the web to retrieve a specific piece of information. Google CEO Sundar Pichai boasts that the assistant will draw upon the company's advances in artificial intelligence to deliver "a personal Google for each and every user." The artificial intelligence programming is designed to learn more about the person using it with each interaction, according to Google. That's one reason why Google eventually wants the assistant on more devices, though the company currently doesn't have plans to build directly into Android the way Siri is automatically included in Apple's mobile software. Instead, Google will allow other device makers to include the assistant in their products if they want, beginning early next year. "Search has been Google's golden ticket for the past 20 years of the internet, and now they are hoping artificial intelligence will become the next golden ticket," Blau said. Still, while Google showed its new Assistant performing a variety of impressive tasks, Moorhead cautioned that similar services such as Siri and Microsoft's Cortana haven't fulfilled their early promises to ingrain themselves into people's lives. ___ AP Technology Writer Anick Jesdanun contributed from New York. ___ Follow Michael Liedtke at https://twitter.com/liedtkesfc Follow Brandon Bailey at https://twitter.com/BrandonBailey Google CEO Sundar Pichai talks about the new Google Assistant during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung, introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." The new phones represent a big new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. It will differ from other headsets like Samsung's Gear VR in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Brian Rakowski, Google vice president of product management, talks about the camera in the new Google Pixel phone during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Clay Bavor, Google vice president of virtual reality, talks about the Daydream View virtual-reality headset during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. It will differ from other headsets, like Samsung's Gear VR, in having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones, including Google's new Pixel phones. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) Google CEO Sundar Pichai speaks during a product event, Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, in San Francisco. Google launched an aggressive challenge to Apple and Samsung, introducing its own new line of smartphones called Pixel, which are designed to showcase a digital helper the company calls "Google Assistant." The new phones represent a big, new push by Google to sell its own consumer devices, instead of largely just supplying software for other manufacturers. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) FILE - In this May 18, 2016 file photo, Google vice president Mario Queiroz gestures while introducing the new Google Home device during the keynote address of the Google I/O conference in Mountain View, Calif. On Tuesday, Oct. 4, 2016, the search giant will ramp up its consumer electronics strategy with expected announcements of new gadgets including new smartphones and an internet-connected personal-assistant for the home similar to Amazon¿s Echo speaker. All are intended to showcase Google¿s software and online services. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'My marriage is over!' Katie Price 'reveals she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler during boozy night out'  Made shocking admission this week Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius 'I have a lot of sex!': Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Nothing automatic for Air Force against the Mountain West's weaker half Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado Springs Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Superfood cranberries can go beyond the usual sauce at Thanksgiving Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Colorado Springs Comic and Toy Con is back for 10th edition Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday Weather Latest updates on closures around Colorado Springs News: Local News 'Dignity and hope' in the design of new Springs Rescue Mission shelter Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:18 AM 0 Springs Rescue Mission plans to open its long-awaited new shelter Friday evening, a watershed moment three years in the making for a community that has long... Petitioners get more time for measure to protect Colorado Springs parks Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 10:23 PM 0 An impasse between the City of Colorado Springs and Protect Our Parks petitioners shattered Thursday under cajoling by 4th District Judge Michael P. McHenry. The POPS... Colorado Springs Urban Renewal Authority director out after just two months News: Local News Fort Carson battalion's welcome home is 'absolutely amazing' Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:35 AM 0 More than 200 soldiers came home to Fort Carson Thursday after accomplishing the highest goal of their 9-month mission overseas: Not one of them fired a... Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 5:24 PM 0 Robert Lewis Dear Jr. will spend the anniversary of the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood... Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 8:30 PM 0 After two Denver-area police agencies vowed they would keep out of the deportation business -... Latest Local Snow gives way to frosty Friday in Colorado Springs, but weekend highs could get into the 60s By: Ellie Mulder - Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday By: The Gazette - 28 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events By: Linda Navarro - 51 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital By: Wayne Heilman - 52 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change By: Joey Bunch - 1 hr ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 9 hr ago Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs By: Ellie Mulder - 10 hr ago Top Stories With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return By: BRENT W. NEW preps@gazette.com - 13 min ago EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics By: The Gazette editorial board - 58 min ago ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. By: Sarah Larimer, The Washington Post - 10 hr ago Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case By: The Associated Press - 12 hr ago AP source: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job By: KEN THOMAS, CATHERINE LUCEY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 12 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled By: The Associated Press - 13 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet By: Peter Holley, The Washington Post - 14 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 12 new Christmas movies to watch this November November snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Our 30 favorite sports movies Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back 27 ways to celebrate the holiday season in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Snow gives way to frosty Friday in Colorado Springs, but weekend highs could get into the 60s 28 min ago Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday 51 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events 52 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 1 hr ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change 9 hr ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads 10 hr ago Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Most Read David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs El Paso County will enforce federal immigration law, while Denver and Aurora PDs say no Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Public meeting tonight to discuss proposed Colorado Springs sports complex Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Sports 13 min ago With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return 9 hr ago Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale 9 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche 9 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards 11 hr ago Prep football playoff capsules 13 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled 13 hr ago Off-ice action amplifies buzz around Air Force-Western Michigan hockey series Business 36 min ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter 52 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 3 hr ago Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle 4 hr ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico 6 hr ago TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history 6 hr ago Asian shares mixed, Nikkei up as Yellen remarks lift dollar 11 hr ago Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law Opinion 57 min ago EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America well 18 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent 21 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine 21 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford 22 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny Thu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separate Elections 14 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 17 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Colorado recount possible on slavery in state Constitution; activist has Woodland Park ties Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results Tue, Nov 15, 2016 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Around the Web 13 hr ago Time magazine picks 100 most influential photos of all time 14 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 14 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 17 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ 17 hr ago Video: Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner 17 hr ago Man arrested after chase with speeds topping 200 mph Yesterday Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from home Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Trump Offers Flynn National Security Adviser Job Springs Rescue Mission shows off new hope for homeless Raw: Students Protest Trump's Deportation Plans Hugs and Kisses for returning Fort Carson soldiers in Colorado Springs Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Snow falling in Colorado On the Go! with KKTV Conjoined Twins Successfully Separated Fort Carson soldier surprises his kids at school in Colorado Springs Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale9 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche9 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards9 hr ago Prep football playoff capsules11 hr ago Broncos Jake Plummer auctioning off Broncos game-day experiences to raise money for cannabinoid researchWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Talib returns to practice before Broncos' bye weekWed, Nov 16, 2016 David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golfTue, Nov 15, 2016 Photo Galleries Our 30 favorite sports movies Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics58 min ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent18 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine21 hr ago EDITORIAL: Obama says Trump should 'make things better'Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separateThu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Justice not being served to Colorado Springs brothers; Bronco flamingos stolen; vote for daylight saving time?Wed, Nov 16, 2016 LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.Tue, Nov 15, 2016 LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fansTue, Nov 15, 2016 Columns Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America wellFri, Nov 18, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford21 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny22 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug LambornTue, Nov 15, 2016 Local News Local News Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday28 min ago Snow gives way to frosty Friday in Colorado Springs, but weekend highs could get into the 60sFri, Nov 18, 2016 Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events52 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change1 hr ago Local and State Politics Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change1 hr ago El Paso County praises quick-thinking life-savers12 hr ago Interior chief: Trump team hasn't contacted her department15 hr ago Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch15 hr ago Local Business Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital53 min ago Memorial hospitals in Colorado Springs have new president-CEO15 hr ago New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado SpringsYesterday Good news for Colorado Springs motorists as they hit the road for ThanksgivingWed, Nov 16, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questionsFri, Nov 18, 2016 Prosecutors seek former Italy resident as IS fighter in Iraq0 min ago The Latest: Official says Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job2 min ago Police: Son of Rep. John Conyers found safe in Houston3 min ago Military China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay12 min ago China, US militaries stage joint humanitarian relief drill52 min ago Amid protests, Philippine dictator buried at heroes cemetery3 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter4 hr ago Blogs TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO15 hr ago Speedy winger enters Colorado College hockey foldWed, Nov 16, 2016 Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honoredWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death10 hr ago Shooting sends one person to hospital in Colorado Springs22 hr ago Stolen vehicle, fleeing suspect prompt search near Colorado Springs22 hr ago Man shot, killed by officer earlier fled from police22 hr ago National Crime Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from homeYesterday 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detainedTue, Nov 15, 2016 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basementTue, Nov 15, 2016 California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Life Life 142 Colorado Springs-area holiday events14 hr ago Mel Gibson's 'Hacksaw Ridge' puts Seventh-day Adventists in spotlightThu, Nov 17, 2016 Ministries and Money: Donors, watchdog groups seek financial efficiencyFri, Nov 18, 2016 On the fly: Gift ideas for the angler in your lifeFri, Nov 18, 2016 Arts and Entertainment Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events52 min ago Movie review: 'Bleed for This' lacks some punchFri, Nov 18, 2016 Movie review: Eddie Redmayne and company make magic in Potter prequelFri, Nov 18, 2016 Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 18, 2016Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Religion German Protestants officially renounce converting Jews to Christianity13 hr ago Pope Francis, the ultimate headhunter13 hr ago Centuries-old Ten Commandments tablet auctioned off for $850,00013 hr ago For families divided by Mormonism, 5 things to do – and not to do13 hr ago National National Politics The Latest: Official says Trump taps Rep. Pompeo for CIA job2 min ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico4 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter4 hr ago The Latest: Trump tweets about Ford decision on auto plans9 hr ago National Business Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle3 hr ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter37 min ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico4 hr ago TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history6 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
Help Center  Newsletters  Subscribe  P-Edition Login  Advertise Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Obits Register Connect CARS JOBS HOMES ADS AP Privacy Policy | AP Terms of Use Return to Top Home News Cities Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Blogs Photos Video Obituaries Weather Real Estate Jobs Cars Classifieds Copyright © The Press-Enterprise. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Site Help | User Agreement | Site Map Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] October 4 AAPL: 113.00 0.48 Apple releases iOS 10.1 beta 2 with Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus, second tvOS 10.0.1 & watchOS 3.1 betas Zac Hall - 1 month ago @apollozac iPhone 7 iOS 10 iOS iPhone 7 plus iOS 10.1 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit [UPDATE 10/5: iOS 10.1 beta 2 is now available for public beta testers as well.] Apple has released the second iOS 10.1 beta which includes the Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus that applies a DSLR-like blur effect over photos using the dual lens system. iOS 10.1 beta 2 is available to registered developers. A public beta of iOS 10.1 for non-developers is also currently active. tvOS 10.0.1 beta 2 for Apple TV and watchOS 3.1 beta 2 are also available for developers. Portrait mode is a feature that was demonstrated at Apple’s keynote earlier this month, but the major new feature wasn’t ready for primetime when the iPhone 7 Plus initially launched. Portrait still isn’t in the release versions of iOS, but developer and public betas released last month include a beta version of the feature which works well already. Aside from Portrait mode, we noted the changes includes in the first beta last month: There’s a new toggle setting in Accessibility called Auto-play Message Effects. This is related to Reduce Motion disabling Messages bubble and screen effects but the functionality does not seem to be implemented yet. According to the developer release notes, iOS 10.1 includes a fix for motion handling. Developers will be able to access barometric pressure data for iPad Air 2, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro. For the impressive new Portrait mode in Camera, we went hands on with the new feature using the beta in our initial walkthrough. I also wrote about the new feature here. Check out Jeff Benjamin’s video demonstration below: We’ll update with any new changes found in the second beta so stay tuned. New iMessage app picker method:  New ‘Replay’ button for iMessage full screen effects Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide iOS 10 iOS 10 is the latest operating system for Apple's iPhone and iPad, slated to be released to the public in the fall of 2016 View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
null
Home Companies Google Pixel smartphones available for pre-order in India from October 13; to take on Apple iPhone 7 Google Pixel smartphones available for pre-order in India from October 13; to take on Apple iPhone 7 The new smartphone will be available for pre-order in India starting October 13, just a week after Apple launches the iPhone 7 in the country. By: FE Online | New Delhi | Updated: October 4, 2016 11:13 PM The new smartphone will be available for pre-order in India starting October 13, just a week after Apple launches the iPhone 7 in the country.(Reuters) Taking on Apple’s iPhones, Google has launched its new ‘Made by Google’ Pixel smartphones, stating that the device integrates the “best of hardware and software”. The new smartphones will be available for pre-order in India starting October 13, just a week after Apple launches the iPhone 7 in the country. In US, Australia and a host of other countries, the Pixel will be available for pre-orders starting today. In US, the starting price would be $649. The new phone can get a 7-hour charge in 15 minutes, says Google. The Pixel phones will be available in screen sizes of 5 and 5.5 inch (12.7 cm and 14 cm). The Pixel range of smartphones will replace the Nexus series of phones. The hardware specifications of Google Pixel include; aluminum unibody and polished glass combination, HD AMOLED display, Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad core 2*2.15 GHz/2*1.6 GHz processor, 4GB RAM, 12.3 MP camera. Pixel ships with the newest Android operating system, Android 7.1 Nougat. Phones will get software and security updates as soon as they’re available, directly from Google, the company says. Brian Rakowski, the head of Pixel’s software product management team said that Pixel is “designed inside and out to be simple and smart”. According to him, the Pixel has the “best smartphone camera anyone has ever made”. Rakowski believes that people will use the Pixel camera ‘a lot’ and to deal with that Google is offering unlimited storage to the smartphone users at full image resolution. “So you can now say bye to your storage full pop-ups,” he said. It will come in three colours of ‘quite black’, limited edition ‘really blue’ and ‘very silver’. According to Google, the Pixel is the first smartphone to have the Google Assistant built in. Google highlighted the key aspects of the Pixel; storage, virtual reality, Google Assistant, photography and communications. Google Assistant is the company’s answer to Siri and Alexa. Google claims that it is  “more advanced and capable” than the Google Now voice assistant on other Android phones. It can also tap into third-party apps like WhatsApp, something that is likely to bring cheer for consumers. Google also says that Pixel is the first smartphone to be “Daydream Virtual Reality” ready. Introducing the Pixel smartphone, Google’s Rick Osterloh said, “Phones are most people’s lifeline to the internet and to people. We are very excited to introduce the Made by Google smartphone, called Pixel. This smartphone integrates the best of hardware and software – Made by Google.” Talking at the start of the event, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said, “We are envisioning a world where computing is a part of everyone’s life in every aspect.” “We want a personal Google for everyone,” he said spelling out his vision. With Google Assistant, the internet giant hopes to build just that. “We are just getting started on this,” Pichai added. In line with the theme of the event, the ‘Made by Google’ Twitter handle tweeted, “It’s time to meet a few new devices that have the very best of Google built in. #madebygoogle.” The tweet also had an image attached, with the quote, “Computing has always evolved like this. Every ten years or so there’s a significant evolution.” ‘Made by Google’ is the biggest step in recent years by the company to expand its product portfolio, to take on Cupertino-based giant Apple. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Trending: 2017 CIO 100 Call for Entries State of the CIO Careers Consumer Tech IT Strategy Security CIO Role Mobile Resources/White Papers Search cio Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) 10 resume do’s and don’ts for developers SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Comparing AI tools in Salesforce Einstein and Dynamics 365 More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Artificial Intelligence Big Data CIO 100 Symposium and Awards Careers/Staffing Cloud Computing Consumer Technology Developers Hardware Healthcare IT Industry IT Strategy All IT Strategy CIO Role CMO Role Innovation Leadership and Management Outsourcing Infrastructure All Infrastructure Data Center Networking Storage Virtualization Insider Threats Internet All Internet Marketing Mobile All Mobile Mobile Apps Mobile Management Smartphones Tablets Wearables Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux Windows Security All Security Cybersecurity Disaster Recovery Malware Privacy Regulation Software Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality Contact Us Magazine Subscription Services Archive News Opinion Resources Slideshows Video More CIO Executive Council CIO Events Newsletters RSS Blogs × Close Home Consumer Technology Tech-ticism By Al Sacco Managing Editor |Follow Opinion 'New Mac' scented candle smells nothing like a new Mac What do you buy the Apple 'Fanboi' who has it all? A 'New Mac' smell candle, of course. CIO | Oct 4, 2016 9:24 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Twelve South More like this Is Apple’s Mac mini worth buying? Is it worth it to build a Hackintosh? Apple Watch 2: Does it need a bigger battery? Video 10 tablets for under $500 Many Apple users really like their computers, phones and tablets. The products are generally well-designed, good-looking and reliable. They're also generally overpriced. But Apple makes solid products, and it has loyal customers. However, a sect of Apple customers treats iPhones, iPads, Macs and all of Apple's various other wares like religious artifacts. They're addicts, and they can't get enough. They are the "Apple Fanbois," and they're rarely spotted with fewer than two different Apple products at any given time. They also sometimes wear Apple shirts purchased in Cupertino and drink out of exclusive Apple coffee mugs available only at 1 Infinite Loop. If you fall into this latter camp, or know someone who does, Twelve South, makers of various quirky accessories for Apple gadgets, will be glad to take your $24 in exchange for its "New Mac" smell candle. The candle is reportedly 100 percent soy wax, poured in Charleston, S.C., and should burn for 45 to 55 hours. It apparently smells like some odd combination of mint, peach, basil, lavender, mandarin and sage … which, last time I checked, smells absolutely nothing like a new Mac — or any other Apple product. But the Fanbois will still buy 'em. In fact, Twelve South is already sold out of its New Mac candles. Or you could just buy a Yankee Candle that smells like a real Macintosh. Yankee's large jar Macintosh candle costs $27.99, and should burn for between 110 and 150 hours, and the medium size jar costs $24.99 and burns for 65 to 75 hours, according to the company. Both options are also currently in stock. I could easily fire off some snarky comment about the kind of person who would buy a new Mac candle that clearly doesn't smell like a new Apple computer. But who am I to judge? I've purchased (and used) beer soap. AS  via Gizmodo and 9to5Mac To comment on this article and other CIO content, visit us on Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter. Related: Consumer Technology MacOS CIO.com Managing Editor Al Sacco covers the fast paced mobile beat for CIO.com and IDG Enterprise, with a focus on smartphones, tablet PCs and wearable tech. Al also manages CIO.com writers and contributors, covers news, and shares insightful expert analysis of key industry happenings. Al resides in Boston and is a passionate reader, traveler, beer lover and Red Sox fan. Download the CIO October 2016 Digital Magazine You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular On CIO.com EVGA GTX 1060 3GB review: A compelling $200 graphics card with a questionable Nvidia's new 3GB version of the GeForce GTX 1060 goes toe-to-toe with the $200 Radeon RX 480—in theory. Your guide to top tech conferences IDG Contributor Network Apple Pencil: 9 great note-taking apps Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go Deep-dive review: The iPhone 7 Plus is the best iPhone yet Apple has to out-execute itself (and its rivals) every year to coerce millions of users to upgrade and... 6 things you'll love about the Moto Z Droids — and 6 you won't The new Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Droid Force are now available from Verizon and Motorola. They’re some... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Connection Digital Signage: A New Way to Engage Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored Issues and Priorities in Modern Workload Automation: Supporting Analytics, Continuous Delivery and Digital Transformation Video/Webcast Sponsored Is Your Case Management Strategy Helping or Hurting your Business Operations? White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Go Featured Stories Integrating tech with IT outsourcing contracts And incumbent IT service provider may be a good option for implementing new technology solutions, but... 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free course) This course from training provider Logical Operations will prepare your organization for a move to... Google & LinkedIn working on tech's lost jobs Two of technology's biggest names acknowledge the impact their work has on job losses in America and... Hottest Black Friday deals on iPhones & iPads While Apple itself has yet to reveal any Black Holiday 2016 specials, its retail partners have... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? CIO Follow us Feature News News Analysis Opinion Slideshows Videos Sign up for Newsletters Sign up for Insider About CIO Ad Choices Advertising Careers at IDG Contact Us E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 1994 - 2016 CXO Media Inc. a subsidiary of IDG Enterprise Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Stocks to Watch in October All facing unique challenges, these companies have a lot to prove to investors this month. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Oct 4, 2016 at 12:20PM Image Source: Getty Images. With Autumn now in full swing, another earnings season is right around the corner. October will feature quarterly reports from some of the largest, most important companies on the planet, as well as from an abundance of smaller companies. There will be no shortage of data this month for investors to chew on. Of all the companies getting ready to report earnings, five stand out. Here's a brief look at what investors can expect from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), General Motors (NYSE:GM), and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Apple Following two quarters of declining iPhone sales, the iPhone 7 launch in September has the potential to give Apple a much-needed boost. Apple declined to disclose sales figures for the launch weekend, as it has done for each previous iPhone launch, but strong pre-order numbers from T-Mobile and Sprint have raised hopes that the iPhone 7 will return the company to growth. Apple will report its fiscal fourth-quarter results after the market close on Oct. 27. With the quarter ending just a few weeks after the launch of the iPhone 7, and with the ever-important holiday season ahead, Apple's results won't give investors the full picture. Guidance for the first fiscal quarter will be closely watched: If Apple fails to predict growth, the stock's recent run will almost certainly come to an end. Wells Fargo At this point, it's unclear exactly what kind of damage the ongoing fake account scandal at Wells Fargo will cause. The bank's intense focus on cross-selling products led to fraud that could hurt its reputation for years to come. Already, both California and Illinois have suspended some of its business with Wells Fargo,, and that may end up being just the tip of the iceberg. Wells Fargo will report its third-quarter results before the market opens on Oct. 14. Investors will be looking for answers, and with pressure on CEO John Stumpf to resign following two blistering congressional hearings, an executive shakeup could be in the cards. The company may not go into much detail regarding its outlook, but investors will be expecting a plan. Whether Wells Fargo can continue to be one of the best performing big banks following this scandal remains to be seen. Intel Chip-giant Intel will report its third-quarter results after the market close on Oct. 18. The stock is sitting near decade highs, with continued data-center growth and an improving market for PCs boosting the stock in recent months. Intel raised its third-quarter guidance in September, boosting its revenue outlook by $700 million, driven by replenishment of PC supply-chain inventory and improving PC demand. News that Intel was supplying modems for a portion of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones no doubt contributed to the stock's recent performance. Advanced Micro Devices will make an attempt to claw back share in both the PC CPU and server CPU markets next year with its upcoming Zen processors, but Intel remains the overwhelming leader for the time being. The PC market is still slumping, with IDC reporting a 4.5% year-over-year unit shipment decline during the second quarter. That decline, however, was smaller than expected, raising hopes that the market could stabilize sooner rather than later, an event that would be a boon for Intel. General Motors Following a strong September, General Motors has gained U.S retail market share in 15 of the past 18 months. With the stock trading at barely more than five times General Motors' guidance for full-year adjusted earnings, the market is betting that plateauing demand for vehicles in the U.S. will devastate the company's bottom line. General Motors has yet to show any signs that this will be the case. General Motors will report its third-quarter results before the market opens on Oct. 25. The company has beaten analyst estimates across the board for four quarters in a row. With analysts expecting a small drop in earnings during the third quarter, General Motors may have yet another surprise up its sleeve. Investors should also be on the lookout for more details on the upcoming launch of the Chevy Bolt, General Motors' affordable electric car. With a range of more than 200 miles and a price tag below $30,000 after incentives, the Bolt is proof that General Motors still knows how to innovate. Netflix Streaming-giant Netflix gave investors quite the scare in July. The company added just 1.68 million subscribers globally, down from 3.28 million during the prior-year period. The company's guidance was also nothing to write home about, with 2.3 million subscribers expected to be added during the third quarter, down from 3.62 million during the third quarter of 2015. Netflix will report its third-quarter results after the market close on Oct. 17. Netflix has spent heavily expanding into international markets in recent years, and the company's bottom line has nearly disappeared as a result. But with that expansion now complete, Netflix will need to produce both robust subscriber growth and improving profitability going forward in order to justify its optimistic valuation. Another disappointment could send the stock tumbling. Timothy Green owns shares of General Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, and short October 2016 $50 calls on Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors, Intel, and T-Mobile US. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Oct 4, 2016 at 12:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.02 no change (0.00%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $115.03 no change (0.00%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $52.49 no change (0.00%) General Motors NYSE:GM $33.42 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (7) Post your comment Russia is now officially the 10th country with Apple Pay 04 October 2016 Starting today Apple Pay has another country to add to its availability list - Russia. This brings the total number up to 10, the others being: Australia, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and U.S. Currently, Russian news agency Tass reports that support is only limited to one bank - Sberbank and one type of card - MasterCard. Still, that does include both debit and credit cards, so it's a start. And, naturally, you do need and iPhone 6 or newer or an Apple Watch to use the service. Sberbank clients  MasterCard cardholders  can now use Apple Pay  Apple Pay can be easily set up in the Sberbank Online mobile application, which is familiar to all Sberbank cardholders. Users can enjoy contactless payment service while continuing to receive all the benefits from using their credit and debit cards. Like we have seen in the past, integrating Apple pay is often a long task that has to first be approved on a regulatory level, then negotiated with banks and vendors. The latter also need to be equipped with additional hardware and we can't help but wonder how many Russian shops actually accept Apple Pay as of today. Regardless, the reach is sure to grow over time as more businesses and banks get on board. Speaking of which, today's Apple Pay expansion also includes two new banks in the UK. The Co-operative Bank and Metro Bank customers can now check with their local branch or online to get the service up and going. Source 1 (In Russian) | Source 2 | Source 3 | Source 4 | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Threat of 'hard Brexit' pulls down Wall Street News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Threat of 'hard Brexit' pulls down Wall Street U.S. stocks dropped on Tuesday as investors fretted about Britain's exit from the European Union and the prospect of a Federal Reserve interest rate hike in coming months. Posted 04 Oct 2016 19:50 Updated 05 Oct 2016 06:30 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the market closes in New York, U.S., October 3, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A banners of Deutsche Bank is pictured in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, September 30, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: U.S. stocks dropped on Tuesday as investors fretted about Britain's exit from the European Union and the prospect of a Federal Reserve interest rate hike in coming months. It was the second straight session of losses on Wall Street, where investors were already on edge due to the uncertainty of a tight race ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election. Sterling slid to its lowest in more than three decades after British Prime Minister Theresa May said the country's divorce from the EU will not be "plain sailing" and that there would be "bumps in the road." While the weaker pound sent UK stocks surging, it raised worries among U.S. investors. "Clearly there has been some reverberation from across the pond in terms of the prospect for a slightly more disorderly UK separation from the EU," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer for the private client group at U.S. Bank in Helena, Montana. Angst about future interest rate hikes also returned to the fore after Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker said he would have voted in favor of an increase at the latest policy meeting had he been able to do so. Traders have priced in a 63 percent chance of the Fed raising rates in December, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. Meanwhile, the International Monetary Fund lowered its 2016 growth forecast for the U.S. economy to 1.6 percent from 2.2 percent and painted a gloomy picture of the global economy. Ten of the 11 major S&P 500 indexes fell, with the high dividend-paying utilities sector slumping 2.17 percent and telecom services down 1.67 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.47 percent to end at 18,168.45 and the S&P 500 lost 0.5 percent to 2,150.49. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.21 percent to 5,289.66. Investors' attention is turning to corporate profits, with third-quarter results rolling in over the next few weeks. A failure to meet already low expectations could put new pressure on an equities market already trading at valuations above historical averages. S&P 500 companies on average are expected to post a 0.5 percent year-over-year dip in September-quarter earnings, the fifth straight quarter of declines, according to Thomson Reuters data. In extended trade, Micron Technology was flat after the memory chipmaker reported fiscal fourth-quarter revenue above analysts' expectations. During the session, Sears surged 6.42 percent after Bloomberg reported that the department store chain's Craftsman tool brand had attracted multiple bidders. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.59-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.62-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 32 new lows. About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, in line with the 7.1 billion daily average for the past 20 trading days, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Stocks to Watch in October All facing unique challenges, these companies have a lot to prove to investors this month. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Oct 4, 2016 at 12:20PM Image Source: Getty Images. With Autumn now in full swing, another earnings season is right around the corner. October will feature quarterly reports from some of the largest, most important companies on the planet, as well as from an abundance of smaller companies. There will be no shortage of data this month for investors to chew on. Of all the companies getting ready to report earnings, five stand out. Here's a brief look at what investors can expect from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), General Motors (NYSE:GM), and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Apple Following two quarters of declining iPhone sales, the iPhone 7 launch in September has the potential to give Apple a much-needed boost. Apple declined to disclose sales figures for the launch weekend, as it has done for each previous iPhone launch, but strong pre-order numbers from T-Mobile and Sprint have raised hopes that the iPhone 7 will return the company to growth. Apple will report its fiscal fourth-quarter results after the market close on Oct. 27. With the quarter ending just a few weeks after the launch of the iPhone 7, and with the ever-important holiday season ahead, Apple's results won't give investors the full picture. Guidance for the first fiscal quarter will be closely watched: If Apple fails to predict growth, the stock's recent run will almost certainly come to an end. Wells Fargo At this point, it's unclear exactly what kind of damage the ongoing fake account scandal at Wells Fargo will cause. The bank's intense focus on cross-selling products led to fraud that could hurt its reputation for years to come. Already, both California and Illinois have suspended some of its business with Wells Fargo,, and that may end up being just the tip of the iceberg. Wells Fargo will report its third-quarter results before the market opens on Oct. 14. Investors will be looking for answers, and with pressure on CEO John Stumpf to resign following two blistering congressional hearings, an executive shakeup could be in the cards. The company may not go into much detail regarding its outlook, but investors will be expecting a plan. Whether Wells Fargo can continue to be one of the best performing big banks following this scandal remains to be seen. Intel Chip-giant Intel will report its third-quarter results after the market close on Oct. 18. The stock is sitting near decade highs, with continued data-center growth and an improving market for PCs boosting the stock in recent months. Intel raised its third-quarter guidance in September, boosting its revenue outlook by $700 million, driven by replenishment of PC supply-chain inventory and improving PC demand. News that Intel was supplying modems for a portion of Apple's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones no doubt contributed to the stock's recent performance. Advanced Micro Devices will make an attempt to claw back share in both the PC CPU and server CPU markets next year with its upcoming Zen processors, but Intel remains the overwhelming leader for the time being. The PC market is still slumping, with IDC reporting a 4.5% year-over-year unit shipment decline during the second quarter. That decline, however, was smaller than expected, raising hopes that the market could stabilize sooner rather than later, an event that would be a boon for Intel. General Motors Following a strong September, General Motors has gained U.S retail market share in 15 of the past 18 months. With the stock trading at barely more than five times General Motors' guidance for full-year adjusted earnings, the market is betting that plateauing demand for vehicles in the U.S. will devastate the company's bottom line. General Motors has yet to show any signs that this will be the case. General Motors will report its third-quarter results before the market opens on Oct. 25. The company has beaten analyst estimates across the board for four quarters in a row. With analysts expecting a small drop in earnings during the third quarter, General Motors may have yet another surprise up its sleeve. Investors should also be on the lookout for more details on the upcoming launch of the Chevy Bolt, General Motors' affordable electric car. With a range of more than 200 miles and a price tag below $30,000 after incentives, the Bolt is proof that General Motors still knows how to innovate. Netflix Streaming-giant Netflix gave investors quite the scare in July. The company added just 1.68 million subscribers globally, down from 3.28 million during the prior-year period. The company's guidance was also nothing to write home about, with 2.3 million subscribers expected to be added during the third quarter, down from 3.62 million during the third quarter of 2015. Netflix will report its third-quarter results after the market close on Oct. 17. Netflix has spent heavily expanding into international markets in recent years, and the company's bottom line has nearly disappeared as a result. But with that expansion now complete, Netflix will need to produce both robust subscriber growth and improving profitability going forward in order to justify its optimistic valuation. Another disappointment could send the stock tumbling. Timothy Green owns shares of General Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Netflix, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, and short October 2016 $50 calls on Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends General Motors, Intel, and T-Mobile US. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Oct 4, 2016 at 12:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $109.95 no change (0.00%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.02 no change (0.00%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $115.03 no change (0.00%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $52.49 no change (0.00%) General Motors NYSE:GM $33.42 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Begins Shipping Samples of Beastly Skylake-X Gaming Chip Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  US stocks open higher, try for record levels amid oil rise × × × Mobile Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Google officially unveils $649 Pixel phone with unlimited storage; $129 Google Home Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 1:25 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Google announces its new phone Pixel</p> <p>At Google&#039;s hardware event, hardware division SVP Rick Osterloh introduces its new phone, Pixel.</p> Google announces its new phone Pixel    Tuesday, 4 Oct 2016 | 12:19 PM ET | 02:14 Google unveiled a new high-end smartphone, Pixel, on Tuesday. The phone starts at $649 and is available for preorder on Tuesday in the U.S., Canada, Germany and the U.K., the company said. Owners of the phone will get free unlimited storage for photos and videos at original quality. It's the first phone made by Google "inside and out," the company said, and is part of an exclusive partnership with Verizon. Beck Diefenbach | Reuters Rick Osterloh, senior vice president of hardware at Google, introduces the Pixel Phone by Google during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, Oct. 4, 2016 Google believes that the next opportunity is building hardware and software together to empower artificial intelligence, an executive said at the event — a shift in strategy that aims directly at rival Apple. They're in the hardware game for the long run, Rick Osterloh, senior vice president of hardware at Google, said at the event. "Since I joined Google, one of the questions I get asked most often is, 'Why should we build hardware?'" Osterloh said. "We often joke that building hardware is, well, hard. People have strong emotional connections to the products they use every day. They are an important part of people's lives ... this is the right time to be focused on hardware and software." The phones have smartphone cameras that were scored higher than the iPhone 7, according to third-party research cited by Google. It has a 12.3-megapixel rear-facing camera and big aperture, and comes along with software that selects from bursts of images and merges pictures in low light. On the outside, it has a combination of aluminum and glass, an OLED display, a fingerprint sensor, a headphone jack and a USB-C charger. It's available in black, silver and blue. Inside, it sports 32 GB or 128 GB of storage. The Pixel also charges up to seven hours of power within 15 minutes, installs software updates in the background and has live customer care built in. In not-so-subtle terms, ‎Sabrina Ellis, director of product management at Google, also demonstrated how to transfer over data from Apple's iOS to Pixel. The Pixel is the first phone with the Google Assistant, Osterloh said, as the company prepares for an "AI-first world." The phone is also made for virtual reality. The company was largely expected to announce new handsets, and shares of Alphabet stock were flat during the event. Ahead of the event, Bloomberg reported that Google would unveil the Pixel and larger Pixel XL, two new smartphones that were conceptualized, designed, engineered and tested in-house. In the past, Google has relied on co-branding efforts with its Nexus devices, which it does not have plans to continue, according the The Verge. But the Pixel, Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reported, is assembled by HTC in an approach "no different than Apple's partnership with iPhone builder Foxconn." Tuesday's event revealed how the software will interact with hardware, where Google has traditionally been less focused than rivals like Apple. But during the company's July earnings announcement, Pichai made it clear that mobile is key to Google's future. "Our investment in mobile now underlines everything that we do today," Pichai said. Google Home and other devices Beck Diefenbach | Reuters Mario Queiroz introduces the Google Home device during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, Oct. 4, 2016. Google also divulged more details on Tuesday of a highly anticipated smart home device, Google Home, that pits the company against Amazon's $180 Alexa. The $129 Google Home device is available for preorder Tuesday and ships Nov. 4, and comes in several colors and with a six-month YouTube Red subscription. "Our mission has always been to organize the world's information," said Rishi Chandra, a vice president at Google. "Over the past few years we've gone beyond the 10 blue links into providing direct answers to your questions. ... Now, with Google Home, we give you an easy way to access the knowledge of Google in a hands-free way." The device plays YouTube Music, and of course, Google Play Music as well the Spotify, Pandora and iHeart Radio offerings that Amazon's Alexa has. Other features include a shopping list and morning agenda briefing. Google Home, which has connectivity to other smart home devices like Nest and Chromecast, comes as voice is becoming the standard way to interact devices, Chandra said. The company also announced a new virtual reality headset that connects wirelessly with the phone and connects to YouTube and Google Street View. The Daydream View headset, made of fabric, comes in slate, crimson and snow. Source: Google Day The $79 headset will feature a virtual reality experience of J.K. Rowling's "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them," Google said. Daydream View will also support educational programs, and will go on sale in November. Next, the company announced a Google Wi-Fi router, starting at $129 to ship in December. It is designed to be "visually subtle" and set for automatically optimizing your Wi-Fi network. It also comes with a companion app. Also new from Google was a new version of its $69 streaming device, Chromecast Ultra, that will support new content from Google Play Movies that is four times better than standard high definition. Google's strategy The products may reveal how the company's artificial intelligence software push will reflect on its hardware. Hiroshi Lockheimer, a senior vice president at Google, positioned Tuesday's Twitter event as a potential turning point for the company. Tweet: "We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016." The core division of Alphabet, Google's vast advertising and search business has expanded over the past decade to include the Android mobile operating system and app store, as well as cloud computing and products like YouTube and Chromebooks. More recently, Google CEO Sundar Pichai has set his sights on artificial intelligence as the next inflection point of the company. "We think of this as building each user their own individual Google," Pichai said at the annual Code Conference earlier this year. "Google does a lot of things, but if you peel away everything and you distill it, this is the heart of what we do. It's what we are about." That strategy shift was already reflected in this year's Google developer conference, where the company unveiled a virtual reality platform and an artificially intelligent, voice-activated assistant that works across devices like Google Home, as well as new mobile apps. — Reporting by CNBC's Mary Catherine Wellons, Megan Hawkins, Arjun Kharpal and Harriet Taylor. Disclosure: CNBC is a launch partner for the Google Assistant app. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Use an Android Device as a Second Monitor for Your PC or Mac How to Auto-Control Your PC’s Fans for Cool, Quiet Operation How to Fix Hard Drive Problems with Chkdsk in Windows 7, 8, and 10 What Is the ProgramData Folder in Windows? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek How to Enable and Use Apple Maps Extensions in iOS 10 Thanks to a new iOS 10 feature, you can now install extensions for Apple Maps that let do things like reserve a table or get a ride without ever leaving the map. Here’s how it works. iOS 10 brought a lot of interesting new features, but arguably none as powerful as opening up some aspects of the platform to third-party developers. All the new iMessage apps are the standout example, but Apple has also opened up their Maps app to developers, giving you clever new options for interacting with locations and services all from within Maps. RELATED ARTICLES The Best New Features in iOS 10 (and How to Use Them) How to Install, Manage, and Use iMessage Apps How to Enable Apple Maps Extensions Map extensions don’t get their own store the way iMessage apps do. Instead, you’ll need to install the extension’s actual app from the iOS App Store. Right now, there are only a handful, but they do include the big services you’d expect to see: Yelp, OpenTable, Lyft, Uber, and a few others. To use an app that supports Maps extensions, you’ll need to install the app first. After installing one of those apps, you’ll have to turn the extension(s) you want to use on. Head to your Settings app, scroll down a bit, and tap the “Maps” option. On the Maps settings, scroll down until you see the “Extensions” section and then turn on each extension you want to use in your Maps app. If you don’t see an “Extensions” section, it means you don’t have any apps that support them. If you do have apps installed that you think should support extensions, try updating those apps to the latest versions and then see if they appear in Settings. How to Use Apple Maps Extensions After enabling Maps extensions, using them is pretty straightforward. We’re going to look at a basic restaurant search here, but the process is the same if you’re trying to score a ride or anything else. In the Maps app, tap the search box. Type what you want to search for and then tap the result you’re after. The location is shown on the map as always, and card at the bottom of the map give you access to whatever functionality your extensions provide. Since we searched for a restaurant, we have the option of making reservations through OpenTable. Tap the button for whatever you want to do. And a card opens that lets you fully interact with the service without ever leaving the Maps app. Right now, there’s not a whole lot you can do other than these use these common services. But we expect that over time, other developers will come up with clever ways to integrate with the Maps app, as well. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (1 REPLY) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Walter Glenn is a long time computer geek and tech writer. Though he's mostly a Windows and gadget guy, he has a fondness for anything tech. You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter. Published 10/4/16 DID YOU KNOW? Twelve men have walked on the moon, but only three men have descended into the Marianas Trench, the deepest point of Earth’s oceans. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows 5 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows What Is DNS, and Should I Use Another DNS Server? Goodbye Microsoft Security Essentials: Microsoft Now Recommends You Use a Third-Party Antivirus How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How to Use Headphones With Your TV How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple patent shows fingerprint recognition achieved on almost anywhere on the screen Apple patent shows fingerprint recognition achieved on almost anywhere on the screen October 4, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment It’s been widely rumored that Apple will embed its Home button into the display of future iPhones and plans on doing so with the 2017 variant. A new patent (via Patently Apple), describes how ‘electric field differences between ridges and valleys of the fingerprint’ could be applied to the touch screen. Apple goes on to explain how it plans on combining the Touch ID sensor with the display. In the case of fingerprint recognition systems that include arrays of capacitive sensing elements to detect the fingerprint images, i.e. capacitive fingerprint sensors, there may be a number of reasons for these components to axially aligned with other components of the consumer electronics device, such as display stacks and touch screens, not the least of which is an interest in avoiding assigning valuable surface space exclusively to an component that may only be used briefly during the process of identifying the user. Looking at the drawings, it appears that this ‘capacitive fingerprint sensor with electrostatic lens’ could be either implemented in one portion of the display or the entire display itself. While it’s interesting to see what Apple is working on via patents, it should be taken with a grain of salt as patents do not always make it to products. Tags: 2017 iPhone, Display, Patent, Touch ID About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Pay now available in Russia, adds two banks in UK Apple seeds iOS 10.1 beta 2 to developers → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases for Pixel phones now available Moto Z and Moto Z Play launch at Republic Wireless LeEco discounting Le Pro3 and Le S3 for Black Friday Have you experienced gadget fatigue? Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus units with 'touch disease' Huawei MediaPad M3 lands in the US with 8.4-inch 2560x1600 display Amazon Echo gaining ability to send text messages for AT&T customers Android And Me Top 10 New Android Games This Week: Legends Verizon puts Mophie Juice Pack Moto Google Allo updated with new themes, Amazon Echo can now send texts, if you’re Qualcomm makes Snapdragon 835 and Quick Barnes and Noble Nook Tablet 7-inch TmoNews BLU R1 HD update adds support for T-Mobile Deutsche Telekom CEO says he’s ‘not T-Mobile reveals Magenta Friday and Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple Pay now available in Russia, adds two banks in UK Apple Pay now available in Russia, adds two banks in UK October 4, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Adding Russia to the list, Apple Pay is now available in ten countries worldwide. The country joins Australia, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, Singapore, Switzerland, the UK and U.S. in support Apple’s mobile payment service. It’s been made official on Apple’s Russian site but has not updated its Apple Pay availability page in the U.S. Unfortunately, support in Russia is limited to one bank and one card type. According to Russian news agency Tass, Apple Pay is only available for MasterCard holders with Sberbank and supports both credit and debit cards. Sberbank clients – MasterCard cardholders – can now use Apple Pay […] Apple Pay can be easily set up in the Sberbank Online mobile application, which is familiar to all Sberbank cardholders. Users can enjoy contactless payment service while continuing to receive all the benefits from using their credit and debit cards. In addition, Apple has also added two more banks in the UK: The Co-operative and Metro bank which brings to a grand total of 22 banks in the country. Tags: Apple Pay, Russia About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Report: Apple Watch 2016 may sell fewer models Apple patent shows fingerprint recognition achieved on almost anywhere on the screen → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Suppliers: Trump's plan to make Apple products in the U.S. impractical1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Supply constrains could dictate Apple's move to OLED in the iPhone next year1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Google Earth and Google Trends Live Cases for Pixel phones now available Moto Z and Moto Z Play launch at Republic Wireless LeEco discounting Le Pro3 and Le S3 for Black Friday Have you experienced gadget fatigue? Apple launches repair program for iPhone 6 Plus units with 'touch disease' Huawei MediaPad M3 lands in the US with 8.4-inch 2560x1600 display Amazon Echo gaining ability to send text messages for AT&T customers Android And Me Top 10 New Android Games This Week: Legends Verizon puts Mophie Juice Pack Moto Google Allo updated with new themes, Amazon Echo can now send texts, if you’re Qualcomm makes Snapdragon 835 and Quick Barnes and Noble Nook Tablet 7-inch TmoNews BLU R1 HD update adds support for T-Mobile Deutsche Telekom CEO says he’s ‘not T-Mobile reveals Magenta Friday and Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Software How to use the Swift Playgrounds iPad app to code on the go Swift Playgrounds is an easy way to learn Swift programming and to test code inside of Xcode, and now the feature is available for iOS 10. Learn how to use the Swift Playgrounds app for iPad. By Cory Bohon | October 4, 2016, 8:13 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Apple Apple announced Swift Playgrounds earlier this year during WWDC '16, and released it alongside iOS 10 in September. This new app is great for beginner coders and professional developers, because it allows you to officially write Swift code and have it run on the iPad. This is a first for iOS—Apple has never allowed apps that can compile or interpret code. Perhaps the biggest feature of the Swift Playgrounds app for iOS is the ability to download tutorial projects to learn Swift; these projects are pretty self-explanatory so I won't cover them. I'll walk you through the workings of Swift Playgrounds, and how to write own code inside the app. SEE: Apple's Swift programming language: The smart person's guide What is a Playground? Swift is Apple's newest programming language, and it can be used to write apps on all of its platforms: iOS, macOS, tvOS, and watchOS. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter Playgrounds are a feature of Swift and the Xcode IDE that allows for quick compiles in a REPL (read-eval-print-loop) style interface, mimicking the REPL found in run-time interpreted languages like Ruby. Playgrounds are simple files that contain Swift code and can be compiled and run quickly, providing output logging to the user as the code is executed. For example, if you write a for loop that iterates over an array to add new items, then for each iteration of this for loop, the playground will show the index of the loop and the output of the code executed in that loop. In this scenario, it would show each new item added to the array during the for loop execution. This is a nice feature that can help you understand exactly what the code is doing, and provide visual output along the way. Apple has been involved with getting Swift Playgrounds into schools through the Everyone Can Code initiative, and it's a very good app for teaching kids and adults how to develop in Swift. Downloading Swift Playgrounds The Swift Playgrounds app is a free download from the App Store. It's currently only available for iPad models capable of running iOS 10. Using Swift Playgrounds with new code To start a new coding project in Swift Playgrounds, follow these steps. Open the Swift Playgrounds app on iPad. Select the + button at the top left of the screen. Select Create Playground. Choose a template from the available options Answers, Blank, Graphing, and Shapes. (We'll use a Blank template.) Start writing Swift code in the code editor. While you're writing code, the autocorrect toolbar at the bottom of the screen will offer code completion suggestions similar to how the Xcode editor works (Figure A). Figure A Image: Cory Bohon/TechRepublic Swift Playgrounds code editor showing the code completion toolbar that sits above the virtual keyboard, or on the hardware keyboard options. When you're done, tap the Run My Code button to compile and execute the Swift code (or if you have a hardware keyboard connected, press Command + R, the same as in Xcode, to run). If there are errors, red dots will appear beside the lines with errors, along with compiler warnings about what is potentially wrong. Importing existing Playgrounds from Xcode Importing Playgrounds from Xcode can be nice when you want to try your hand at coding on the go. To do this, you have two simple options. Store your documents in iCloud Drive. This is the easiest method and lets you access your iCloud Drive documents by tapping the + icon in Swift Playgrounds and selecting iCloud Drive or your other favorite cloud document storage solution, e.g., Dropbox. Email your documents. Once you've emailed a Swift document to yourself, open the email on the iPad, and tap the Playground file. You'll be prompted to select a share location—select the Copy To Playgrounds option. Recording screen for demos You now have the ability to record the entire Swift Playgrounds screen while you type, demonstrate items, and more. If you're using Swift Playgrounds to share tutorials on how to write Swift code, this feature is for you. To begin a new recording, follow these steps. Open the Swift Playgrounds app on iPad. Create a new Playground or select an existing custom Playground. Tap the More button (the three dots icon). Tap Record Movie. At the top of the screen, a Record button will appear; tap the red Record button to start recording and to capture the screen. When finished, tap the Record button again to stop the recording process. After a few seconds, a video will be created and displayed. In this window (Figure B), you can play back the video. When finished, tap the Save button to save the completed video to the Photos app. Figure B Image: Cory Bohon/TechRepublic The Save button inside of the playback viewer to instantly save the video to the Photos app. Or, tap the Share button for other sharing options. For more tips and tricks, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see How to use Apple's Swift REPL from the Terminal (TechRepublic) Apple's Everyone Can Code initiative brings Swift curriculum and iPads to schools (TechRepublic) Apple's Swift and Swift 2 explained: What it is and what it means (CNET) Apps every iOS 10 and iPhone 7/7+ user should check out today (TechRepublic) iOS 10 gallery: The big changes in the new version of Apple's mobile OS (TechRepublic) iOS 10 and the enterprise (Tech Pro Research) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Cory Bohon Cory Bohon is an indie developer specializing in iOS and OS X development. He runs a software company called Cocoa App and is also a developer at MartianCraft. He was introduced to technology at an early age and has been writing about his favorite te... Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Cory's content × Disclosure Cory Bohon is an indie developer, creating both iOS and OS X applications at Cocoa App (his own company), MartianCraft, and for various other clients. As a part of full disclosure, he does not write about any software that he has created or has helped to create through these outlets. × Full Bio Cory Bohon is an indie developer specializing in iOS and OS X development. He runs a software company called Cocoa App and is also a developer at MartianCraft. He was introduced to technology at an early age and has been writing about his favorite technology part-time since 2007. He runs a development blog named ObjDev when he isn’t writing about consumer tech. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Free Ebook Special report: Cyberwar and the future of cybersecurity (free ebook) Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Travel and business expense policy Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums Black Friday iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple TV Universal Search Now Supports The CW, Expands to 5 More Countries Tuesday October 4, 2016 10:03 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple has added The CW to the universal search function on the fourth-generation Apple TV, less than a week after the app launched in the United States. The CW app allows Apple TV owners to watch new episodes of shows on the network for free, with ads, with no cable authentication or login required. Only five episodes from the most recent season of each show are available to watch, with no archived content available from past seasons. Apple TV universal search has also expanded to five additional countries, namely Mexico, Norway, Spain, Sweden, and the Netherlands, for iTunes movies and Netflix. Meanwhile, in Australia, universal search now supports regional video on demand services ABC iview and Plus7, a few months after support for Stan was added. For those unfamiliar with universal search, it's a feature that allows users to conduct Siri voice searches or text-based searches to find TV and movie content across a wide range of channels. At launch, universal search only supported a few channels, but Apple has been rapidly expanding the feature to encompass additional channels. Apple TV universal search is available for a wide number of apps in the United States, but the feature is limited to iTunes and Netflix in Canada, France, Germany, Mexico, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom. In some other countries and regions, only movies in iTunes are supported. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Caution) 12 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) mainstreetmark 6 weeks ago But not "Computers" I suspect. Rating: 2 Votes artificemm 6 weeks ago Man, I misread that... I thought that CW was expanding to Mexico... :( Rating: 1 Votes KazKam 6 weeks ago But not "Computers" I suspect. I suspect not as well. They can expand it to as many countries and apps as they want, but until it can search my home shared library, it is completely useless to me. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Some 15-Inch MacBook Pro Models Misreporting Intel Iris Pro 580 Graphics 1 hour ago on Front Page Several MacRumors readers have discovered that System Information readouts on some 15-inch MacBook Pro units appear to suggest they are running Iris Pro 580 integrated graphics, rather than Intel HD... 70 comments Apple Launches 'Touch Disease' Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus 15 hours ago on Front Page Apple today launched a new repair program for the iPhone 6 Plus, addressing complaints about a manufacturing issue that can cause the iPhone 6 Plus to become unresponsive to touch. According to... 268 comments In-Store Pickup Now Available for MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 16 hours ago on Front Page Starting today, Apple has made in-store pickup available for the new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar in the United States, allowing customers to check stock at their local store and reserve a machine... 96 comments Here's a Look Inside Apple's New $200 Photo Book 17 hours ago on Front Page Apple this week unveiled its latest product, a hardbound photo book that showcases 20 years of Apple products, highlighting every Mac, iPhone, iPod, and iPad released between 1998 and 2015. ... 198 comments Apple Releases New 'Bulbs' MacBook Pro Ad Highlighting Touch Bar 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple today uploaded a new MacBook Pro ad to its YouTube channel, showcasing the machine's Touch Bar and comparing it to major inventions throughout time. Called "Bulbs," the ad... 176 comments Apple Says it Syncs Call Logs on iCloud As a 'Convenience to Customers' Amid Security Concerns 19 hours ago on Front Page Earlier today, reports surfaced on The Intercept and Forbes claiming Apple "secretly" syncs Phone and FaceTime call history logs on iCloud, complete with phone numbers, dates and times, and... 92 comments Microsoft Surface Studio Reviews: Apple Fans Might Be 'Tempted to Switch Camps', Despite High Price 20 hours ago on Front Page A few weeks after Microsoft unveiled the Surface Studio to the public at a media event in New York City, a few websites have begun publishing the first reviews for Microsoft's new desktop... 296 comments System Integrity Protection Inexplicably Disabled by Default on Some New MacBook Pro Models 20 hours ago on Front Page Since OS X El Capitan, the operating system that runs on Macs has been protected by a feature called System Integrity Protection (SIP), which is designed to keep your Mac safe from malware by... 93 comments • Future iPhones Could Be 'Made in America' as Apple Asks Foxconn to Consider U.S. Manufacturing (325) • AirPods Launch Rumors Now Include Dates in Late November and December (101) • Apple Stores to Host Free 'Hour of Code' Workshops in Early December (17) • Rumored 5.8" OLED iPhone Said to Have 5.1" to 5.2" Active Display Area (90) • Amazon Prime Membership is $79 Tomorrow Only, £59 for U.K. Customers Starting Today (115) • Apple's OLED Suppliers Won't Be Able to Meet Demand for 2017 iPhone (106) • Apple to Integrate Augmented Reality Functionality Into iPhone's Camera App (45)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] Classic Reload - 'Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP' A Chat with Image & Form's Brjann Sigurgeirsson on 'SteamWorld Heist' and Future Plans 'Neon Chrome' Review - The Roguelike That's Just Right 'Guildlings' Reveals its First Character, Gwynn, in Second Newsletter Moana Makes Her Way To 'Disney Crossy Road' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones iPhone 8: Apple patent hints at virtual home button in iPhone 7 successor Apple has filled a patent on USPTO that is about a capacitive fingerprint sensor that includes a sensor surface. Raymond Ronamai   October 4, 2016 21:46 IST Customers take a look at the new iPhone 7 smartphone inside of an Apple Inc. store in New York, U.S., September 16, 2016.REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz Apple released the iPhone 7 only last month but speculations on its successor, dubbed as the iPhone 8, have started doing the rounds. The next-generation device is expected to have come with a virtual home button, which is not seen in its predecessor. The Cupertino giant has filled a patent on USPTO that reads: "A capacitive fingerprint sensor, including: a dielectric structure having a contact surface and a sensor surface; an array of capacitive sensing elements held on or near the sensor surface of the dielectric structure; and an electrostatic lens formed within the dielectric structure." The technology will enable Apple to hide Touch ID fingerprint scanner and make a full screen device. Why advertise with us? Related IPhone 8 already in the works: Apple developing hardware in Israel Apple might have some change in plans for its iPhone this year The patent has sparked off speculations that Apple might introduce the technology in its upcoming flagship smartphone, which may come in September 2017. Details of the upcoming iPhone are not known yet but a report by Business Insider has claimed citing a source from Apple's Herzliya office that the company has started developing the hardware for the iPhone 8 at an office in Israel. It went on to say that the next-generation handset will be very different from the iPhone 7 but didn't give further details. It may be mentioned that Apple released the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in September. The iPhone 7 sports a 4.7-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen with Retina HD and 1,334x750p resolution (326 ppi pixel density), powered by a 64-bit architure-based A10 Fusion chip with M10 motion coprocessor, and runs an Apple iOS v10. It also has a 32GB/128GB/256GB internal memory, a 2GB RAM, a 12MP main camera with f/1.8 aperture, digital zoon (up to 5x), Optical image Stabilisation, six-element lens, and Quad-LED True Tone flash, a 7MP front-snapper with ƒ/2.2 aperture and auto image stabilisation, and a 1,960mAh battery. The iPhone 7 Plus features a 5.5-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen with Retina HD and 1,080x1920p resolution (401 ppi pixel density), a 64-bit architure-based A10 Fusion chip with M10 motion coprocessor, an iOS v10, a 32GB/128GB/256GB storage, and a 3GB RAM. The device also has a dual 12MP main camera (ƒ/1.8 aperture) with wide-angle field of view + telephoto camera (ƒ/1.9 aperture), Optical zoom at 2x, digital zoom up to 10x, OIS, six-element lens and Quad-LED True Tone flash, a 7MP front-snapper with ƒ/2.2 aperture, and a 2,900mAh battery. Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S7: Galaxy Note 7, Note 5, Galaxy S6 may follow 39 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Can Moto Z Play beat Xiaomi Mi 5 and Google Nexus 5X in Indian market? 53 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 4 October 2016 | MYT 11:19 PM S&P, Dow fall in choppy trading, Nasdaq flat (Update 1) At 11:23am ET (Tuesday) the Dow Jones industrial average was down 28.25 points, or 0.15%, at 18,225.6. The Reuters photo shows traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. NEW YORK: The S&P 500 index and the Dow fell in choppy trading on Tuesday, but Apple helped the Nasdaq stay in positive territory. The markets lost momentum after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) lowered its growth forecast for the US economy to 1.6% from 2.2% this year. Ten of the 11 major S&P 500 indexes were down, with the rate-sensitive telecom services and utilities taking the biggest hit. Apple rose nearly 1% to US$113.61 and was the top influence on the three major indexes. The iPhone maker extended the global reach of Apple Pay by launching the software in Russia. “The IMF has a pretty good track record of being able to forecast global growth and certainly when there is a downgrade, the market tends to see a selloff,” said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas. The financials sector rose 0.08%, led by gains in Citigroup, Bank of America and JPMorgan. Richmond Federal Reserve president Jeffrey Lacker said he would have dissented at the last rate-setting meeting if he had been able to vote, arguing that interest rates need to rise. Traders have priced in a mere 10% chance of a hike at the Fed’s November meeting, which comes days before the Nov 8 US presidential election. The odds of a December hike stand at 62%, according to the CME Group’s FedWatch tool. “The market is in a position where it is sensitive to news. So it is going to be a back-and-forth day driven by various news stories that come out,” Frederick said. At 11:23am ET the Dow Jones industrial average was down 28.25 points, or 0.15%, at 18,225.6. The S&P 500 was down 4.03 points, or 0.19%, at 2,157.17. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.75 points, or 0.03%, at 5,302.62. Deutsche Bank’s Frankfurt-listed stock was up 2.3% after major clients and rivals extended support to the bank, which is negotiating with US authorities over a multi-billion dollar penalty. Its US-listed stock was up 1.7%. Darden shares rose 4.6% to US$64.15 in premarket trading after the restaurant chain operator reported a rise in first-quarter sales. Netflix rose 1.1% to US$103.81 amid speculation that the company could be a takeover target. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,716 to 1,131. On the Nasdaq, 1,333 issues rose and 1,316 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 13 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 68 new highs and 18 new lows. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks You May Be Interested Kanger International in JV to set up bamboo plantations in Bangladesh Bank Negara seen keeping overnight policy rate at 3% Oil falls as stronger dollar outweighs Opec deal optimism Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Trump taps Sessions for AG, Pompeo for CIA - transition official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away Property Related advertisement Latest News Musa tables RM3.78bil surplus budget for Sabah SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman KLK posts offer document to MP Evans shareholders Malaysia’s Q3 net international investment improves to RM26.5bil MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub Most Viewed in Business Ringgit continues slide Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot SC appoints Gumuri as AOB executive chairman Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Prince Alwaleed sees Saudi currency depeg as last resort MDEC and UOA Holdings to set up gaming hub KLK posts offer document to MP Evans shareholders Ringgit, KLCI continue to fall Market ends week lower advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Watch live streaming video from Google’s big Pixel phone event right here Zach Epstein BGR NewsOctober 4, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Today is the day you've been waiting for, Android fans. Google CEO Sundar Pichai and several of his fellow executives will take the stage Tuesday morning to host what is shaping up to be one of the biggest Google product announcements in history. We all know Google plans to unveil two new smartphones called the Pixel and Pixel XL during its press conference on Tuesday, and we've seen leaks covering just about everything there is to know about them. These new phones are nothing like Google's earlier Nexus-brand devices though, and they'll combine with several other products unveiled on Tuesday to give the world a preview of a major strategic shift Google is making right now. Google's huge event is about to begin, and you can watch all the action unfold live right here in this post. MUST SEE: These $20 wireless earbuds have so many features missing from Apple’s AirPods Apple's big iPhone 7 unveiling took place last month, and the phones are still in short supply nearly three weeks after their release. There is indeed still plenty of hype surrounding Apple's latest and greatest, but Google will look to steal as much of Apple's thunder as it can with two sleek new smartphones of its own. As we've learned from countless leaks, the new Pixel phone and Pixel XL phablet are going to be premium flagship smartphones with high-end specs. A last-minute leak suggests they're going to sport hefty price tags as well. According to rumors, the new Google phones will feature a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB or 128GB of storage, a 12-megapixel rear camera with OIS, an 8-megapixel front-facing camera and Android 7.1 Nougat. The phones will also pack "Google Magic," though we don't yet know what that is. The smaller Pixel is expected to feature a 5-inch 1080p display while the larger model will likely be equipped with a 5.5-inch 2K display. Beyond its new Pixel phones, Google is expected to make several other hardware announcements as well as a big software announcement. On the hardware side of things, we're expecting more details such as pricing and a release date for Google's Amazon Echo competitor called Google Home. Google is also expected to announce a next-generation Wi-Fi router to replace the OnHub, a new Chromecast dongle with 4K video streaming support, new low-cost VR hardware based on the Google Daydream platform, and maybe even a new Nexus tablet. On the software side, Google is expected to preview new software codenamed Andromeda, which is expected to be some kind of combination between Google's Chrome OS and the Android operating system. Rumors suggest the new platform won't arrive on devices until sometime next year. Does Google have any surprises in store that haven't already been spoiled? The big Google event is scheduled to begin at 12:00PM ET / 9:00AM PT, and you'll find live streaming video from the show embedded in this post below. Trending right now: Leak shows Google’s Pixel phones will come with ‘Google Magic’ and sky-high prices Another iPhone bursts into flames, sending the owner to the ER The Walking Dead cast just confirmed whether or not Negan killed Glenn See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Tim Cook: AR will be as widespread as 'three meals a day' Listen | Print By James Walker     Oct 4, 2016 in Technology Apple CEO Tim Cook has made some rare public comments on the future of tech. In an interview, he stressed the importance of augmented reality, claiming it'll become as vital to society as "three meals a day." Virtual reality will have less of an impact. Business Insider reports that Cook made the comments during a talk with Republican Senator Orrin Hatch over the past weekend. Cook has previously avoided conversations aimed at emerging technology. Recently, he's begun to open up about Apple's plans for the future though, revealing the company is particularly interested in augmented reality. According to Cook, AR will "take a while" to reach mass adoption, due to the time required to refine the technical implementation and convince consumers to embrace wearing a headset. Once it gains traction, AR will "happen in a big way," however. Cook likened the transformation to "eating three meals a day," explaining that he expects a "significant portion" of the population of developed countries to interact with AR every day. Cook's interest in augmented and mixed reality seems to be down to its ability to further enhance existing experiences. He is less excited about virtual reality, describing it as "important" but something that "is not going to be that big, compared to AR." It will be difficult for VR to gain widespread market momentum because it locks consumers away into a completely separate world. AR is more accessible and potentially less nauseating for new users. Cook also noted that augmented reality is a more social experience than VR. Virtual reality fully encloses people, completely immersing them in a digital environment that leaves them isolated from the others around them. This doesn't fit with the current age of social media and widespread socialising. Augmented reality enables multiple people to interact in the same place, facilitating group experiences that could bring more users to the technology. "Even introverts are social people, we like people and we want to interact," said Cook. "It has to be that it's likely that AR, of the two, is the one the largest number of people will engage with." Cook did not directly comment on Apple's plans for augmented reality. Back in August, he acknowledged the company is "doing a lot of things" with the technology. He said Apple is currently "working behind the curtain" on AR, suggesting it is building its own platform to take augmented reality to mainstream audiences. This could pan out similarly to the launch of the iPhone. Apple wasn't the market pioneer, but it is regarded as the first to make smartphones a household item. "AR is going to take a while, because there are some really hard technology challenges there," Cook said during the interview. "But it will happen, it will happen in a big way, and we will wonder when it does, how we ever lived without it. Like we wonder how we lived without our phone today." Apple is yet to launch any technology directly related to either augmented reality or virtual reality. To some outsiders, this has created an impression that the company is running behind its industry rivals. However, Cook's excitement regarding the field implies Apple's working on something significant behind closed doors, waiting for the right time to release it and make AR as fundamental to digital life as smartphones. More about Apple, Tim cook, future tech, Smartphones, augmented reality   Apple Tim cook future tech Smartphones augmented reality Virtual reality mixed reality Latest News Top News Review: The new Gryphon smart WiFi router could protect your kids Special Turkey and the EU: The end of the road? NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins to Boston Celtics? Syria regime steps up fierce Aleppo assault Biggest ever oil accumulation found in west Texas desert Review: Jessie Chris releases delightful music video for '1963' Special Mosul mechanics fight IS with wrenches Five things to know about VW's 'dieselgate' scandal Boko Haram stages three suicide attacks in NE Nigeria Turkish NATO officers ask for asylum: alliance chief Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Ten South Korean Financial Tech Firms Escalate their War against Apple Pay with the Government | Main | Apple Granted 45 Patents Covering Inductive Coil Shielding Materials, EarPods and Camouflaged Openings » October 04, 2016 Apple Granted a Patent for an Advanced 3D Mapped Gesture Interface   With Apple's acquisition of Israeli firm PrimeSense they gained a treasure trove of patents covering all-things relating to 3D Depth Mapping for next-gen cameras, gaze and in-air gesturing to control TV and computer displays, facial recognition and so much more. Apple's iPhone-7 Plus camera is to offer a software update later this month that will deliver a new 'depth-of-field' effect known as the 'Bokeh effect.' This is likely just the tip of the iceberg as to where PrimeSense technology will be folded into future Apple devices. Today, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office officially published a series of 45 newly granted patents for Apple and in this report we cover yet another PrimeSense invention that could apply to an advanced 3D mapped gesture based interface for a future TV or computer display.   Apple's newly granted patent covers their invention relating to user interfaces for computerized systems, and specifically to user interfaces that are based on three-dimensional sensing. Noted below in patent FIG. 10 we're able to see a user interacting and controlling content on a display directly in front of him with a hand gesture. The content types that the user would be able to interact with include games, apps, photos, videos and more.   Some of the gestures in the patent cover a grab gesture, a push gesture, a release gesture, a time delay gesture called a TimeClick, a find gesture, a search gesture, an execute gesture, a peek gesture. A push gesture for instance could click on an app to open it.   Being that we don't really know the core reasoning behind Apple's acquisition of PrimeSense, it's impossible to know what technologies Apple will actually use and which will be kept on a shelf or canned.   For instance, Microsoft used PrimeSense technology to develop Kinect. While Microsoft has other ideas for Kinect, it's yet to gain any real traction.   Microsoft was first with a PC tablet but couldn't figure out how to get consumers to buy into the idea. And yet Apple's iPad took off like a rocket because it brought a superior touch screen technology and experience to the table and a new kind of app system and so forth.   Today's patent could simply be a hangover of the Kinect technology era and Apple may drop it or figure out a way to bring it back to market in a whole new light. We just don't know.   PrimeSense technology was also behind Google's Project Tango, a 3D camera system that would introduce true Augmented Reality (AR) to a smartphone. When Apple acquired PrimeSense, it stopped Google from using PrimeSense technology and delayed that project for at least two or three years to give Apple a chance to play catch up.   Apple is likely to introduce AR for the iPhone in 2017 or 2018. Apple's CEO briefly talked about AR last Friday at the Utah Tech Tour and earlier in September with ABC news. PrimeSense technology could play a large roll in assisting Apple bring this technology to life in the not-too-distant future.      For now, if you're interested in digging deeper into today's granted patent titled "Gesture-based interface with enhanced features, check out granted patent 9,459,758 here. The patent was originally filed in May 2013.   Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of granted patents with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each Granted Patent is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any Granted Patent should be read in its entirety for full details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments.      Posted by Jack Purcher on October 04, 2016 at 09:24 AM in 2. Granted Patents | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung's Note 7 Crisis Causes Chaos in Korean Exports, Dropping in Half in October Apple Formally Acknowledges the iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Issue and Offers Customers with this Problem Some Relief Apple Celebrates 'Ideas that Push the World Forward' in their Latest TV Ad Apple Reportedly Preparing a Responsible U.S. iPhone Plant Back-Up Business Plan Apple Patent Shows Siri being used in an iMessage Thread to Send Funds to a Friend using Apple Pay Mozilla Introduces 'Firefox Focus,' a Fast and Easy to use Private Browser for iOS HP introduces their Second Mac Mini Challenger in 90 Days that Pack a Punch in Raw Power and Superior Design In Part Two of Designed by Apple in California, Jony Ive Makes it Personal Apple Files Figurative Trademarks Relating to Apple Watch, yet adds 'Smart Glasses' Nine Times to its Class Coverage Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 08.03 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements Sales of PoS devices soar after demonetization move BSNL partners with MobiKwik for cashless phone bill payments FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets As it happened: Google Pixel smartphones, Assistant, Home and more launched2016-10-04 | 10:58 PM (IST) Google launched Assistant, Home, Wi-fi router, Daydream VR and Pixel smartphone. Key Highlights 10:47 PM (IST) Google home will be available at $129 with 6 months trial of YouTube Red and is available on pre-orders in USA 10:42 PM (IST) If you have Google Chromecast connected to your TV, Google Home can manage the TV as well (using your voice commands) 10:28 PM (IST) Chromecast Ultra will be available in November at $69 10:22 PM (IST) Daydream view and its controller goes on sale in November at $79 10:13 PM (IST) The Daydream View headset can be worn over glasses 10:11 PM (IST) Google Pixel is Day Dream ready 10:08 PM (IST) Google Pixel will be available in India (pre-order) from Oct 13 10:05 PM (IST) Google Pixel will come with the latest Android Nougat OS 09:57 PM (IST) The Google Assistant can make restaurant reservations for you, too 09:53 PM (IST) Google Assistant takes voice commands and can search for people, places et al on Google Pixel 09:51 PM (IST) Google Pixel is made for mobile virtual reality 09:50 PM (IST) Google Pixel has a rear glass with polished aluminium case all around and it has no camera bump 09:47 PM (IST) Last year, 1 trillion photos were taken using smartphones 09:45 PM (IST) The assistant will be available in two new systems - Smartphones and HomeShow More Live Updates Ooops.. At least one check box should be ticked.FILTER UPDATESText and SocialPhotosVideos 10:58 PM (IST) In the coming weeks some of them will be available here on Gadgets Now, thanks for tuning in 10:57 PM (IST) Lot of promising products were shown by Google today 10:56 PM (IST) Execs at Google say good bye and the event comes to a close 10:55 PM (IST) That's it from Google. 10:55 PM (IST) www.google.com/madeby is where users can find more info of the new products 10:54 PM (IST) Google's SDK can be picked up by other companies to integrate Google Assistant in their gadgets 10:53 PM (IST) Conversation building tool is something that can be used by developers to build conversations on Google Assitant 10:50 PM (IST) Google assistant can recommend content from trusted sites 10:49 PM (IST) Scott Huffman - Google Engineering, takes stage. 10:49 PM (IST) Scott Huffman is now on stage who leads engineering, Google Assistant 10:48 PM (IST) Google Home will be available in a wide variety of colours including grey and orange 10:47 PM (IST) Google Home available in these colours and fabrics. 10:47 PM (IST) Google home will be available at $129 with 6 months trial of YouTube Red and is available on pre-orders in USA 10:46 PM (IST) Now you can control your home with Google's smart home devices. 10:45 PM (IST) Multi-room audio support is available across Google Home devices in the house 10:44 PM (IST) Netflix will soon be on board Google Home 10:42 PM (IST) If you have Google Chromecast connected to your TV, Google Home can manage the TV as well (using your voice commands) 10:41 PM (IST) Google has partnered with companies like nest and Phillips to manage home devices 10:41 PM (IST) Google Assistant on Google Home can update you with the latest just like that. 10:38 PM (IST) Google Assistant in Google Home can answer anything without you picking your phone. 10:38 PM (IST) Rishi is having a conversation (asking questions) with Google Home, just like any other person 10:37 PM (IST) You can ask just about anything, Google Home will search Google or the right website for the best answer 10:37 PM (IST) Google Home can play music from any source. Here are a few of them: 10:36 PM (IST) Rishi Chandra explains Google Home features. 10:35 PM (IST) Google introduces Google Home. 10:35 PM (IST) Google Home will enable users to get answers from Google 10:34 PM (IST) Chromecast Ultra to be available for $69 from November this year. 10:34 PM (IST) Google Home can play songs if you do not remember the name. Just give it a context and it will find the song, and play 10:33 PM (IST) Chrome Cast Ultra introduced - Better pictures, better performance, HDR support, Dolby Vision, and 4K streaming. 10:33 PM (IST) If you ask us, Google Home looks like a small speaker system with Google Assistant 10:32 PM (IST) Now Google WiFi... 10:31 PM (IST) Google VR headset to be available in November, priced at $79. 10:31 PM (IST) Rishi Chandra is now on stage to show what else can Google Home voice based assistant can do 10:30 PM (IST) Google Home has a microphone that separates speech from noise for increased accuracy 10:30 PM (IST) Google Daydream available in three colours - Snow, Slate and Crimson 10:29 PM (IST) Google Home lets you enjoy music, manage everyday tasks and more (using Google Assistant) 10:29 PM (IST) Daydream has an interesting and engaging array of games, apps, shows and movies 10:28 PM (IST) Time for Google Home 10:28 PM (IST) Chromecast Ultra will be available in November at $69 10:28 PM (IST) Known as Chromecast Ultra, it is much faster than before and can stream 4K videos easily 10:28 PM (IST) J K Rowling's world of wizardry now on Daydream. 10:26 PM (IST) Next up, Google Chromecast 10:26 PM (IST) Google Wifi will be available at $129 and will start sale in December 10:25 PM (IST) With the Controller, move around, point and paint. 10:25 PM (IST) Google Wifi has network assist that enables the user to be in the best network area at all times 10:24 PM (IST) Pop in your Pixel onto the VR headset. 10:24 PM (IST) Google Wi-Fi has been unveiled 10:23 PM (IST) Google's VR headset with Daydream view 10:22 PM (IST) Pixel will support Daydream 10:22 PM (IST) Daydream view and its controller goes on sale in November at $79 10:22 PM (IST) Clay Bavor talks about Google Daydream 10:21 PM (IST) Available for $649 in the US starting today. Up for pre-orders on October 13 in India. 10:20 PM (IST) The entire library of YouTube is available on Daydream (including 360 degree videos) 10:20 PM (IST) Taj Mahal makes an appearance on Daydreams street view 10:20 PM (IST) Quite Black, Really Blue and Very Silver - Colour variants for Pixel and Pixel XL 10:18 PM (IST) On Daydream users can play games and watch shows using Hulu 10:17 PM (IST) JK Rowling's Fantastic Beast will be available with Google Daydream 10:13 PM (IST) The Daydream View headset can be worn over glasses 10:13 PM (IST) Pixel and Pixel XL 10:13 PM (IST) The Daydream View has been inspired by what people wear, hence the exteriors are made of fabric 10:12 PM (IST) 24/7 support for Pixel - with screen share support 10:12 PM (IST) The new Daydream View VR headset comes out of the shadows, this can be used with Google Pixel 10:11 PM (IST) Up to 7 hours of charge on a 15 minute charge. 10:11 PM (IST) Google Pixel is Day Dream ready 10:10 PM (IST) Day Dream is the new VR platform from Google 10:09 PM (IST) Free unlimited photos and videos 10:08 PM (IST) Google Pixel will be available in India (pre-order) from Oct 13 10:07 PM (IST) Flipkart, Reliance Digital and Croma will sell the smartphone in India 10:07 PM (IST) It will be available in Black, Blue and Silver colours 10:06 PM (IST) Pixel comes in two screen sizes, a 5-inch and 5.5-inch 10:05 PM (IST) Users will also get 24/7 customer service over a call 10:05 PM (IST) Google Pixel will come with the latest Android Nougat OS 10:04 PM (IST) Google pixel has improved battery life, with just 15 minutes of charging users will get 7 hours of battery time 10:02 PM (IST) Pixel owners will get free unlimited storage in the cloud 10:01 PM (IST) Google Pixel also has video stabilisation mode for cleaner videos 10:00 PM (IST) Google claims the camera on Pixel has the shortest picture capture time 10:00 PM (IST) DXOMark has given the Google Pixel camera the highest score of any phone 10:00 PM (IST) HDR+ improves picture quality on the Google Pixel smartphone 09:59 PM (IST) HDR+ mode is available for vivid imagery 09:58 PM (IST) Now moving to the Google Pixel's cameras, DXOmark has rated the camera on this smartphone with 89 points (better than any smartphone) 09:57 PM (IST) The Google Assistant can make restaurant reservations for you, too 09:55 PM (IST) Users can use Google Assistant to SMS, Whatsapp and more 09:53 PM (IST) Google Assistant takes voice commands and can search for people, places et al on Google Pixel 09:53 PM (IST) Brian Rakowski - Google Pixel, introduces the Pixel interface. 09:53 PM (IST) He is taking people through the features of the phone including Google Assitant 09:52 PM (IST) Brian Rakowski is now on stage from the Google Pixel team 09:51 PM (IST) Pixel comes preloaded with these features 09:51 PM (IST) Google Pixel is made for mobile virtual reality 09:51 PM (IST) Google Pixel is the first phone with Google Assistant (built-in) 09:50 PM (IST) Google Pixel has a rear glass with polished aluminium case all around and it has no camera bump 09:49 PM (IST) Google Pixel introduced 09:49 PM (IST) Here comes Google Pixel 09:48 PM (IST) Building hardware and software together enables Google to harness programs like Google Assistant and be helpful 09:47 PM (IST) Last year, 1 trillion photos were taken using smartphones 09:46 PM (IST) Rick Osterloh - Google Hardware, takes stage 09:45 PM (IST) Rick Osterloh from Google Hardware is on the stage now 09:45 PM (IST) The assistant will be available in two new systems - Smartphones and Home 09:45 PM (IST) Google Allo 09:44 PM (IST) It is very important for the Google Assistant to get into the hands of the end users, adds Pichai 09:44 PM (IST) The wave net (AI) model is getting really close to human speech, says Pichai From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Key Highlights 10:47 PM (IST) Google home will be available at $129 with 6 months trial of YouTube Red and is available on pre-orders in USA 10:42 PM (IST) If you have Google Chromecast connected to your TV, Google Home can manage the TV as well (using your voice commands) 10:28 PM (IST) Chromecast Ultra will be available in November at $69 10:22 PM (IST) Daydream view and its controller goes on sale in November at $79 10:13 PM (IST) The Daydream View headset can be worn over glasses 10:11 PM (IST) Google Pixel is Day Dream ready 10:08 PM (IST) Google Pixel will be available in India (pre-order) from Oct 13 10:05 PM (IST) Google Pixel will come with the latest Android Nougat OS 09:57 PM (IST) The Google Assistant can make restaurant reservations for you, too 09:53 PM (IST) Google Assistant takes voice commands and can search for people, places et al on Google Pixel 09:51 PM (IST) Google Pixel is made for mobile virtual reality 09:50 PM (IST) Google Pixel has a rear glass with polished aluminium case all around and it has no camera bump 09:47 PM (IST) Last year, 1 trillion photos were taken using smartphones 09:45 PM (IST) The assistant will be available in two new systems - Smartphones and HomeShow More gadgetsnow.cm All Comments (0) Count: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-S&P, Dow fall in choppy trading, Nasdaq flat By Reuters Published: 11:39 EST, 4 October 2016 | Updated: 11:39 EST, 4 October 2016 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Oct 4 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 index and the Dow fell in choppy trading on Tuesday, but Apple helped the Nasdaq stay in positive territory. The markets lost momentum after the International Monetary Fund (IMF) lowered its growth forecast for the U.S. economy to 1.6 percent from 2.2 percent this year. Ten of the 11 major S&P 500 indexes were down, with the rate-sensitive telecom services and utilities taking the biggest hit. Apple rose nearly 1 percent to $113.61 and was the top influence on the three major indexes. The iPhone maker extended the global reach of Apple Pay by launching the software in Russia. "The IMF has a pretty good track record of being able to forecast global growth and certainly when there is a downgrade, the market tends to see a selloff," said Randy Frederick, managing director of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas. The financials sector rose 0.08 percent, led by gains in Citigroup, Bank of America and JPMorgan . Richmond Federal Reserve President Jeffrey Lacker said he would have dissented at the last rate-setting meeting if he had been able to vote, arguing that interest rates need to rise. Traders have priced in a mere 10 percent chance of a hike at the Fed's November meeting, which comes days before the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. The odds of a December hike stand at 62 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. "The market is in a position where it is sensitive to news. So it is going to be a back-and-forth day driven by various news stories that come out," Frederick said. At 11:23 a.m. ET the Dow Jones industrial average was down 28.25 points, or 0.15 percent, at 18,225.6. The S&P 500 was down 4.03 points, or 0.19 percent, at 2,157.17. The Nasdaq Composite was up 1.75 points, or 0.03 percent, at 5,302.62. Deutsche Bank's Frankfurt-listed stock was up 2.3 percent after major clients and rivals extended support to the bank, which is negotiating with U.S. authorities over a multi-billion dollar penalty. Its U.S.-listed stock was up 1.7 percent. Darden shares rose 4.6 percent to $64.15 in premarket trading after the restaurant chain operator reported a rise in first-quarter sales. Netflix rose 1.1 percent to $103.81 amid speculation that the company could be a takeover target. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,716 to 1,131. On the Nasdaq, 1,333 issues rose and 1,316 fell. The S&P 500 index showed 13 new 52-week highs and three new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 68 new highs and 18 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] October 4 AAPL: 113.00 0.48 Review: A jet black Apple Magic Keyboard & Magic Mouse to match iPhone 7 Jordan Kahn - 1 month ago @JordanKahn iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit The jet black iPhone 7 might be a little more prone to scratches and fingerprints with its glossy finish, but that didn’t stop me from choosing the color for my iPhone this year. And I’m glad I did— it’s even more stunning in person than how it appears in photographs.   The only thing missing was a jet black Apple Magic Mouse and Magic Keyboard to match my new iPhone… With a little help from the folks over at Colorware, I decided to give Apple’s Magic Mouse 2 and Magic Keyboard the full jet black treatment. The company’s website let me configure the paint job, and I chose solid jet black with a glossy finish for both the mouse and keyboard. Alternatively, you can pick a matte finish and a number of other color options. Colorware has been around for a while, but I never had the pleasure of feeling the quality of its paint process for myself. The good news is that unlike many other third-party treatments for Apple’s keyboard that I’ve tested, Colorware’s process didn’t leave the keys of the Magic keyboard or the distinctive glossy shell of the Magic Mouse feeling much different than how they come stock from Apple. That’s important, because other shortcut keyboards I’ve tested, for example, apply color in a way that can drastically change the way the keyboard feels for the worse. The glossy finish on the Jet Black Magic Keyboard as you might expect feels a bit different than the matte finish that Apple puts on its keys, but it doesn’t noticeably change the typing experience much. The bottom of the keyboard remains white, but Colorware paints all the sides so you only see your color of choice when it’s lying flat. The company has matte color options too, and I might have opted for a black matte keyboard for both the feel and to avoid fingerprints if I wasn’t specifically going for the jet black look to match my new iPhone 7.  The jet black Magic Mouse, on the other hand, looks and feels almost exactly the same as Apple’s stock mouse which already has a glossy (but white) finish. I didn’t notice any difference in performance, either, with the top of the mouse feeling identical to a stock Apple Mouse for all the usual gestures, clicking and scrolling. The paint job removes the Apple logo normally on top of the mouse, and you can optionally select two tone finishes with a different color on the bottom than the top. I opted for an entirely jet black setup (the bottom of the mouse is pictured below). The result is a glossy jet black paint job that doesn’t much take away from the design and feel of Apple’s accessories and looks almost identical to the iPhone 7, so what’s there to lose? You can’t send in your own Apple mouse and keyboard like Colorware does for other products, but you can configure a new set from their site for $199 and $119. That’s a $40 premium on the mouse over Apple’s usual $79 price tag and $99 on the keyboard. It’s something I wish Apple itself would do for its products. Why are the new AirPods only available in white for example? I’m not the only one that’s noticed, however, as just last month someone rendered the AirPods in black, which in hindsight seems like a no-brainer alongside the new jet black iPhone 7. And it’s even something that myself and a lot of other people have mentioned when it comes to Mac accessories too… A black Apple mouse and keyboard was something I hoped for when I bought the “new” black Mac Pro back in 2013, but so far Apple has mostly stuck with the aluminum and white color scheme for its accessories despite bringing new color options to MacBooks and other products. Fortunately, Colorware remains a solid option until then… The Magic Mouse and keyboard come with all the original Apple packaging and cables, and you can customize both with ton of different color options and finishes if jet black isn’t your thing. $119 for the Magic Mouse, and $199 for the Magic Keyboard. 9to5toys has 10% off with coupon code ‘9to5Toys’ for a limited time. Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Hands-on impressions: 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: I’ve come to terms with the fact that it’s the end of the line for upgradable MacBooks Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple Best USB-C cables and dongles for the new 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will all the adaptors really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] October 4 AAPL: 113.00 0.48 How-To: Delete and opt out of macOS Sierra automatic downloads if you don’t want to upgrade Zac Hall - 1 month ago @apollozac macOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If you rely on your Mac and don’t want to upgrade to a newly released operating system, you may want to opt out of the automatic download that Apple is starting to push for macOS Sierra. If your Mac has already downloaded the macOS Sierra installer and you want to remove it from your hard drive, you can do that too and opt out of future automatic downloads. Here’s how… Just to be clear, Apple will not automatically install macOS updates without your permission and the automatic download doesn’t change your Mac. It just takes up space or speeds up the upgrade process if you do want to start using the latest version of macOS. Automatic downloads will also only happen if your Mac is compatible with the macOS update that Apple is pushing. How to opt out of macOS automatic downloads from OS X  Click the Apple () icon in the top left corner of your screen, then select and click System Preferences… from the dropdown menu. Click App Store from the System Preferences menu. Uncheck Download newly available updates in the background by clicking on the blue box with the white checkmark. A solid white box means the option is disabled. That’s it. Now your Mac won’t automatically download new versions of macOS and prompt you to install them. You can opt back in to automatic downloads in the future if you find the feature convenient by ensuring the Download newly available updates in the background box is checked. How to delete the automatically downloaded macOS installer When you download an installer for a major new version of macOS, the Mac App Store puts the file in your Applications folder alongside other apps. This only occurs for major new releases like 10.12; point releases that follow like 10.12.1 happen through the Updates tab without a large installer. If your Mac automatically downloaded the new macOS update installer, you can delete it and recover space. Click the Finder icon in the lower left corner of your screen. Click the Applications folder from the left sidebar. Applications should be organized alphabetically by default. Look for an application called Install macOS Sierra or whichever version of macOS automatically downloaded. Control+click (hold Control key and click) or secondary click (right-click or two finger tap) to reveal the Move to Trash option. (You can optionally drag the app icon to the Trash on the Dock if you’re more comfortable doing that.) Your Mac may prompt you for your Mac log in password (this may be different from your Apple ID/iCloud password) to complete the deletion. If you see a warning that the installer is open, select it from the Dock on the bottom right then click Install macOS Sierra from the menu bar in the top left (this won’t install it, it’s just the name of the installer) and click Quit Install macOS to close the app. Now you can repeat the step above if needed. To finish deleting the macOS installer file, click the Trash icon on the bottom right of your screen. Then click Finder in the top right of your screen and select Empty Trash… from the drop down menu. This will delete everything currently in your Mac’s Trash. If you only want to delete the installer, you can select it from the Trash, then right-click the icon to reveal the Delete Immediately… option for just that file. Alternatively, your Mac can delete the macOS installer on its own if it determines that your hard drive doesn’t have enough free space. OS X and macOS will also avoid downloading the macOS installer if your hard drive is already low on space, but it’s unclear what threshold Apple uses to make this judgement. The macOS Sierra installer for my Mac is just under 5GB to give you an idea of how big these files may be. Manually managing downloads and installs may be less convenient for some, but the option is available if you prefer it. Guides macOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Belfast Newsletter Search More Close ] News Business Politics Crime Farming Education Transport Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs NI UK News Politics Crime Farming Education Transport Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs Northern Ireland United Kingdom Sport Football Rugby Union Cricket Golf Motorcycling Boxing More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts TV & Film Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia People Family Gadgets & Tech Outdoors Travel Apple shrugs off iPhone sales dip to top brands list Apples brand value rose 5% to $178.119 billion during 2016 06:00 Wednesday 05 October 2016 Technology giant Apple has been named the world’s most valuable brand despite seeing iPhone sales fall this year. Google secured second place and Coca-Cola came third according to a list of the top 100 brands compiled by Interbrand. Apple’s brand value rose 5% to $178.119 billion (£139.683bn) in 2016, while Google saw an 11% jump to $133.252bn (£104.498bn). However, Apple reported in April that iPhone sales had fallen for the first time since the device was launched in 2007, dropping from 61 million to 51 million during the first three months of this year. Technology companies remain a dominant force on the list, with eight in the top 20 alone, including Amazon, which saw its brand value jump by a third to $50.338bn (£39.475bn). However, Facebook saw the biggest rise in brand value year-on-year, climbing 48% to $32.593bn (£25.559bn). HSBC and Burberry were the only two British brands to make it into the top 100, coming 47th and 83rd respectively. Rebecca Robins, Interbrand global director, said: “Throughout the recent history of Burberry’s reignition, the company has grown from the strength of its British heritage into a globally relevant British brand. “The business is now going through another transition and is taking a pioneering approach in disrupting business models. It will be one to watch over the next few years.” New entrants to the top 100 included electric car manufacturer Tesla and fashion house Dior. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Belfast Newsletter means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Belfast Newsletter You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Belfast Newsletter Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport NI Sport Live Lifestyle What's On Farming Life More from Belfast Newsletter Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
null
null
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Amazon Prime is Just $79 Today [Deal] Late Show With Stephen Colbert Mocks $300 Apple Design Book [Video] Apple Announces Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus Apple Hires Former WSJ Editor Wei Gu as PR Director in China Here Are Some of Amazon's Black Friday Deals Apple Asks Foxconn and Pegatron to Investigate Making iPhones in America as Donald Trump Becomes President Apple Stores Your iPhone Call Logs in iCloud Even If iCloud Backups Are Turned Off [Report] Apple Posts New MacBook Pro Ad: Bulbs [Video] Apple to Integrate AR Into iPhone's Camera App? iPhone 7 Launch More Successful Than iPhone 6s Launch But Not as Great as iPhone 6 Launch [Report] Apple Patent Integrates Siri Into Messages Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Rumored 5.8-inch OLED iPhone to Have Active Area of 5.1-5.2-inches? Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Apple Announces Free Hour of Code Workshops December 5-11 at Every Apple Store Swift Playgrounds App Gets Updated With Learn to Code 3 Module, Hour of Code Challenge, More PlayStation Vue Launches on the Apple TV iFixit Posts Teardown of 13-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar [Photos] New Dual Camera iPhones to Support Dual Optical Image Stabilization? Apple Pay Launches in Russia LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted October 4, 2016 at 2:22pm by iClarified · 4833 views · Translate Apple has launched Apple Pay in Russia, reports Reuters. The launch extends the reach of Apple's mobile payment service to ten countries including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, China, and Others. Apple Pay will initially operate in Russia with partners Sberbank and Mastercard. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (5) Add Comment Zapyaforpc - October 5, 2016 at 1:32pm rgdf Download Zapya for PC to share files and folders easily from PC to Mobile Reply · Like · Mark as Spam D4xM4Nx - October 4, 2016 at 2:30pm OMG a counterfeit name... Hope the court rules out to favor Apple this time. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Chris - October 4, 2016 at 2:29pm *apple Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Brian - October 4, 2016 at 2:28pm Appel right! Perhaps they should launch Appel in US because that would be epic Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Rubes - October 4, 2016 at 2:27pm Typo Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / More evidence the iPhone 8 will shed another hardware feature More evidence the iPhone 8 will shed another hardware feature by Chris Smith 04 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple has been awarded a patent for an in-display fingerprint sensor, which, incidentally, is one of the most prominent iPhone 8 rumours. Speculation is rife Apple will remove the Home button on the iPhone 8 altogether and reveal a handset with an edge-to-edge display. This makes a patent filing entitled "capacitive fingerprint sensor including an electrostatic lens" all the more interesting. Within the patent filing (via AppleInsider) Apple says the patent addresses “an interest in avoiding assigning valuable surface space exclusively to an component that may only be used briefly during the process of identifying the user." According to the patent, such a solution would enable authentication anywhere on the display of the iOS device. To make it work, Apple plans to use an electrostatic lens in order to eliminate the blurring of the electric field caused by the display and other internal components. Related: iPhone 8 rumours The lens would use one or more conductive layers, which could bend around the user’s fingerprint and provide an accurate reading. This is by no means the first patent Apple has been granted in this area, suggesting work has been going on for quite some time. While this development would be great for the iPhone 8, it could also be a boon for a future generation Apple Watch. Would an edge-to-edge display with built-in fingerprint sensor get you back on the iPhone bandwagon? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Video: iPhone 7 vs iPhone 8 Head-to-Head Latest Deals From Ebay Apple iPhone 6 - 16GB - Space Gray, Gold & Silver (AT&T) New Unlock Smartphone $379.99 View Item Straight Talk Apple iPhone 5S 16GB 4G White/Silver LTE Smartphone Apple Warranty $179.42 View Item IPHONE 5s 16GB 32GB 64GB FACTORY GSM WORLDWIDE UNLOCKED SPACE GRAY GOLD SILVER $252.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français ga - Gaeilge hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska Parliamentary questions 12 September 2016 E-006828-16 Question for written answer to the Commission Rule 130 Miguel Viegas (GUE/NGL)  Subject:  Tax theft by Apple The Commission recently ordered Apple to pay the Irish State some EUR 13 billion for state aid that it wrongfully received between 1991 and 2014. Through a structure set up with the active support of the Irish tax authorities, Apple effectively drained the profits that it generated in Europe, Asia and Africa into its subsidiaries in Ireland, where they were taxed at derisory levels. That structure directly damaged other Member States’ public finances, as the countries were deprived of tax revenues yielded by Apple’s commercial activities in their territory. With regard to the Member States in which Apple operates, has the Commission assessed how much tax they lost? Does it expect them to receive compensation in an effort to redress this state of affairs? Original language of question: PT   Last updated: 4 October 2016 Legal notice
